PHOTO: Gigantic  Supercave  Sets World RecordIt's hidden beneath rolling hills, can be reached only via an underground stream, and now it has been named the world's biggest cave chamber: meet Miao Room .
(Story continues below)
A photographer’s lights illuminate the green-hued Getu He river in the Miao Room -- now  considered the world’s largest cave chamber by volume. The Miao Room volume measurement exceeds Sarawak Chamber in Malaysia, the past title-holder, by about 10 percent. Credit: © Carsten Peter/National Geographic News
Yes, a new measurement of China's vast Miao Room cavern shows that the cave chamber encompasses some 380.7 million cubic feet (10.78 million cubic meters). That beats out the past title-holder, Sarawak Chamber in Malaysia. However, the Malaysian cave chamber is still the world's largest by surface area (around 1.66 million square feet).
"To me this is like discovering that K2 is larger than Everest," Tim Allen, an expedition co-leader who studied the Chinese cave, told National Geographic . He was referring to K2, the Himalayan peak that is taller than all other mountains on Earth except Everest.
Beneath southern China’s landscape of cone-shaped peaks, arches, and spires, researchers have discovered some of the world's largest underground chambers. In 2013 a British-led expedition used a laser scanner to measure several cave systems in unprecedented detail, including Gebihe, whose Miao Room (modeled here from the original laser data), with a maximum height of 627 feet. Click on the photo above for a closer look at the map. Art Credit: Stefan Fichtel, Ixtract Gmbh. Scan Data Preparation: Joe Beeching
The Miao Room chamber, which is found within the Gebihe cave system at China's Ziyun Getu He Chuandong National Park, was first mapped with laser scanning surveys in 2013, National Geographic reported. Then researchers reprocessed those scans with help from scientists at the University of Lancaster in the U.K. to determine the volume and size of the Miao Room.
The measurements were announced at the Hidden Earth 2014 national caving conference , held in England from September 26-28.
More photos of China's supercaves are available on National Geographic Magazine .
Also on HuffPost:

Pivot: Greg Topel  Tangible HapticsPivot: Greg Topel, Tangible Haptics
Pivot: Greg Topel, Tangible Haptics
Greg Topel, CEO of Tangible Haptics, says to pivot is really to adapt to "connect with people."
Greg Topel, CEO of Tangible Haptics, says to pivot is really to adapt to "connect with people."

Rupee rebounds from seven-month low ahead of holidaysRupee rebounds from seven-month low ahead of holidays
Reuters | Mumbai Oct 01, 2014 05:20 PM IST
The rupee rose on Wednesday, rebounding from a seven-month low touched earlier in the session as investors saw recent losses as overdone, even as caution prevailed ahead of an extended holiday.
The rupee opened weaker at 61.95, a level last seen on March 4, but steadily regained some ground. The unit fell in both the previous sessions, dragged down by a global rally in the dollar due to worries about earlier-than-expected U.S. rate hikes.
Still, the rupee fell 0.75 percent for the week, its biggest loss since the trading week ended on Aug. 1, which was also marked by gains in the dollar. It was also the rupee's fourth consecutive weekly fall.
Markets will be shut from Thursday to Monday and re-open on Tuesday at a time of caution in emerging markets, with the civil unrest in Hong Kong also weighing on sentiment.
"It's more of a dollar-strong story than a rupee-weak one," said Harihar Krishnamoorthy, treasurer at First Rand Bank in Mumbai.
"Having said that, it is clear that as the rupee approaches the 62 level, we are seeing increased dollar selling from traders. The rupee has lost much less than its emerging market peers in recent sessions."
The partially convertible rupee ended at 61.61/62 per dollar compared with Tuesday's close of 61.7450/7550.
Besides global factors, traders said the rupee could be impacted by the start of corporate earnings late next week, which could lead to volatility in share markets.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.99/62.09, while the three-month was at 62.60/70.
 

Athletico ends sponsorship of CubsAthletico ends sponsorship of Cubs
Mark Kaufman, Athletico president.
Athletico, Cubs end 7-year relationship
After seven years, Athletico has decided to stop sponsoring the Chicago Cubs, the company confirmed Wednesday.
The sports team and the physical therapy provider had a long-term sponsorship that had been renewed twice and included a physical therapist, a massage therapist and an athletic trainer to support the Cubs' full-time athletic staff, according to Athletico President Mark Kaufman.
Is marketing inside a baseball field really effective anymore? Let's face it most purchases are made after internet searches. Plus, after how management is treating the fans I'm not so sure an affiliation with the Cubs is a good thing.
charlie145
“We just decided that it's time to go in another direction,” Kaufman said. “We wish Chairman (Tom) Ricketts and the ballclub nothing but the best,” he said. Crain's Chicago Business first reported the story.
A spokesman for the Cubs confirmed they were no longer working with Athletico but declined to elaborate.
Kaufman declined to say whether Athletico's decision not to renew came down to money.
Athletico mulled whether it made “good business sense” to have so many sponsorships, Kaufman said, adding that the company has sponsorships with the White Sox, Bears, Bulls, Blackhawks and Northwestern University.
“The Cubs contract was up, and we made the decision” not to renew, he added.
Athletico has no plans to end sponsorships with other local sports teams, according to Kaufman.
Nor is he worried about losing visibility now that the Athletico banner will be missing at Wrigley Field.
“Our brand won't suffer, because we have relationships with other sports teams,” he said.
crshropshire@tribune.com

We re Going Back To Counting Calories...And Here s Why That s A Good Thingreddit
When we are talking about efforts to reduce obesity rates, the calories we buy, and consequently eat, do matter. Obesity is a supply problem: there are simply too many calories looking for too few mouths. Since the 1950s, the number of calories available for daily consumption per person has increased by a whopping 25 percent .
Who is best equipped to deal with reducing this overabundance of calories?
Certainly not the policymakers. Government programs to reduce consumption and educate consumers about healthy eating have been woefully ineffective. Since nutritional labeling on packaged goods was introduced in the early 1990s, the rate of obesity has more than doubled from 14 percent to over one-third of the adult population.
What about consumers? Shouldn't they be responsible for their health and well-being? Certainly. But repeated attempts to stick with diets and exercise regimens have proven challenging for families and individuals. Our Culture of Convenience demands food that is quick to heat and eat. More importantly, we have demonstrated an inability to say no to great tasting food at a great price.
That leaves the food companies . But unleashing the full power of the food industry to reduce America's dependence on high calorie foods and beverages demands a major shift.
That's why 16 of the largest food and beverage companies (think PepsiCo, Nestle, Coca-Cola) have committed to reducing calories as their pledge to the Healthy Weight Commitment Foundation (HWCF) . The companies did a number of things to reach this goal, including developing new products, using smaller portion sizes and changing product recipes. The result: Their success was not only counted in sales, but in reaching their goal of reducing 1.5 trillion calories from the marketplace. In fact, the HWCF member companies surpassed the goal reducing 6.4 trillion calories three years ahead of their commitment date.
In removing these calories from the marketplace, the Hudson Institute measured the sales impact of over 52,000 foods on shelves in 40,000-plus retail and grocery stores across the country, comparing sales of lower calorie foods to higher calorie foods. A study by the Hudson Institute shows companies meeting consumer demand for lower-calorie products, with increasing availability in stores. This means selling an increased amount of lower-calorie products on display (up nine percent), and sustaining lower-calorie products on store shelves with a 14.1 percent net increase at the conclusion of the 5-year study.
As lower calorie products meet demands and drive sales growth, the real question is "what's next?" The impact of these companies' efforts is impressive. Because of the calorie cuts, we're eating 78 fewer calories per person per day.  But we can't stop cutting calories there - as individuals or industry. The beverage industry has just made a new commitment to reduce calories 20 percent per person by 2025, an effort that will help make choosing the lower calorie choice the easier choice.
For more information, check out the following visual:
More:

Gov t Website for Doc Payments Not up to SnuffAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Clean India: Modi ropes in Salman  Tendulkar  AmbaniSalman, Tendulkar to spread Clean India message
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS –  Thu 2 Oct, 2014
Print
Modi picks up the broom, promises to sweep India0:53
On the day when nation indulges into rituals of remembering Mahatma Gandhi Prime Minister Narendra Modi decides to be different. He picked a broom and swept the streets of the capital on Thursday to ... more 
On the day when nation indulges into rituals of remembering Mahatma Gandhi Prime Minister Narendra Modi decides to be different. He picked a broom and swept the streets of the capital on Thursday to galvanize the country for making India clean. less 
1 / 10
Description Toggle
1 - 10 / 10
New Delhi, Oct 2 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi Thursday nominated actors Salman Khan and Priyanka Chopra, cricketer Sachin Tendulkar and industrialist Anil Ambani among nine people to spread the message of Clean India.
Modi has said the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan he launched earlier in the day should clean up the country by 2019, the 150th anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
At a gathering here, Modi asked them to nominate more people for the task.
"I have invited nine people and asked them to come to public places and work towards a clean India," Modi said.
The others in the group of nine are Goa Governor Mridula Sinha, Congress MP Shashi Tharoor, yoga guru Baba Ramdev, actor-producer Kamal Haasan and the team of television serial Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah.
"These nine people can nominate nine more people, and they can clean and upload videos," said the prime minister.

Appointment of CEA hits Narendra Modi hurdleThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

AutoNation Announces Highest Quarterly Reported Retail New Vehicle Unit Sales since Q3 2006(1)Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Diageo Bars UB from Appointing Independent Director at USLThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ask Matt: When should investors worryAP
Q: When should investors start to sweat over the market’s pullback?
A: There are plenty of places where emotion is powerful. Think art and literature. But emotion is best left out of investing.
When investors see the Dow Jones industrial average fall hundreds of points, a bit of a fear response is triggered. And yes if you’re holding speculative stocks that you knew were too risky for you, then you need to be aware of the market’s moves. It’s usually a very good idea, if you own risky individual stocks, to know the price at which you’ll sell. Having this sell point locked in your mind is a good tool to prevent the trader’s classic mistake of thinking, “It will come back” only for the losses to worsen.
But worry has no place in investing. If you’re the kind of investor who is so jittery about your stocks that you get bothered when the market is down one day, you probably need another strategy. There’s no bigger barrier to making money in stocks than fear and greed. Good investors know to ignore their emotional response to market changes and make logical decisions. If you’re not the kind of person who can divorce emotion from your money, you’re a prime candidate for someone who needs a balanced portfolio of low-cost index funds. Diversification gives investors courage.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

Clean India campaign: Govt to fund to village panchayatsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

How to Manage Your Work to Improve the Performancereddit
Your job is probably a bigger part of your life that you'd like to admit, but not knowing when to stop our busy schedules can lead to frustration, lack of motivational energy, and the disability to perform at the optimal level. Have you thought about slowing down, or at least taking things more easy?
Ironically, all the tools and platforms that promise to help us save time when it comes to doing big tasks actually lead us to spending more time working. I feel that we can take a more friendly -- strategic, if you like -- approach to being busy all the time.
While it's true that business life can be tough, one should never assume that it's impossible to slow down , or that by doing so, someone is going to shame you for it. Learning to stay focused isn't going to lead you to less work, but it will certainly help you to manage stress, allow you to do more, and generally provide a smoother working experience.
Do What You're Told
The first problem that comes to mind when thinking about busy work lives is when people are doing what they're not supposed to do, which isn't really all that uncommon. If you're working in sales or marketing, it's highly unlikely that you'll know how to program, or even how to design a website. Trying to excel at those skills is going to lead to an even bigger burnout .
You've got several choices, but if you're working as an individual entrepreneur -- the best one is probably to hire people with the necessary skills, avoid burning yourself out just because you don't understand how something works. It could be that with a little bit of investment, you can get things on a better track than before .
Sit Down and Think
I have to work on this one myself. It's so tough to find "plain time" that I can use to sit down, enjoy my surroundings, and think . But, I've found that it doesn't just help to cope with a busy work life; it actually increases my awareness toward everything related to my business ventures. Needs to be done on frequent basis, otherwise there is no point.
Why Am I Busy?
It's a good question to ask yourself . You'll experience what it's like to question yourself in regard to your actions, and I've found that it's one of the most effective self-help tools out there. By asking yourself questions you're making the brain return to the present moment, in which decisions tend to happen on a more relaxed level.
One at a Time
I have never been a huge fan of multitasking , and while it's -- technically -- possible for a human to multitask, many research papers and articles suggest the exact opposite: Multitasking is not good for you, and it's inefficient -- so why even waste your time on it?
Better Work Performance
You're always going to be dealing with stress, impatience, lack of motivation, and other similar traits when it comes to managing your work life. But, if you can dedicate a couple of minutes for each of the steps we discussed, I think you'll be on your way to a more focused workflow than before.
Follow Alex Ivanovs on Twitter: www.twitter.com/alexivanovs
More:

5 Types of Web Content for Driving Extra Trafficreddit
Your ability to adapt to new ways of doing things is actually quite important when talking about content, or blogging as a whole. Trying to push the same type of content constantly is not necessarily a bad thing, but why not try something new, and drive a few extra visits by doing so?
The web is flooded with content, literally. In order for anyone to have a chance of standing out, he must either produce high-quality content relentlessly, or have some tricks up his sleeve that may give him advantage. In this case, our advantage is new types of web content to try and publish.
Trying out something new shouldn't be feared -- don't do it if it doesn't feel right, but perhaps you're going to surprise yourself by realizing that there are different types of people who consume different types of content. Here is a list of five types of web content to try, as soon as you're building your next idea!
Videos
100 hours of video are uploaded to YouTube every minute. Don't believe? Google has launched an official YouTube Statistics page, check it out! The point I was trying to make is that there is endless supply of video content available, use it to your advantage!
You don't have to create your own videos, use your imagination! Pick a few videos, and see whether you can come up with an idea for a blog post. You'll be surprised how effective such a method can be. Not to mention, all the marketing that comes with it.
Guides
Content that's tagged a guide is usually going to be longer than your usual web content. Keep in mind, people do search for guides, and they're an amazing way of building extra authority for yourself . I find that areas such as technology and computers, are the ones where people need guides the most.
Look, companies such as DigitalOcean will go all the way to secure a position in the cloud hosting market, they offer opportunities to writers who're comfortable with writing guides for other people - no matter their expertise, beginner or professional.
Interviews
I feel like I need to work on this one myself. Interviews are a great way to learn about other people, about other industries, and also to gain insights that you wouldn't usually find in a traditional blog post. Getting an interview going is super easy, these days most interviews will conclude by using email - but those with higher confidence levels can host a podcast , or have a talk over Skype .
Here are some interviews to check out for inspiration:

History: Bad Oct. start isn t a stock death knellEMAIL
Getty
It’s hard to sugarcoat it: The first trading of October was an unmitigated disaster, with the benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500 stock market tumbling 1.3%, its worst dive to kick off October since a 2.9% rout in 2011. The Dow also stumbled, tumbling 238 points. And the small-cap Russell 2000 stock index closed 10% below its March 4 record close, marking its first official price correction since the fall of 2012.
Those gruesome statistics did little to assuage investors’ anxiety, which was high entering the month, given October’s reputation for being susceptible to stock market crashes. The 1929 and 1987 crashes occurred in October.
Stocks were hit hard Wednesday by worries about global growth after weak manufacturing data in the eurozone, jitters over the first Ebola virus case reaching the USA and ongoing angst over the pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong. What’s more, October’s scary reputation as a month when the stock market tends to crash (think 1929 and 1987) also gave investors pause.
But one day does not a market make, nor does it rule out the possibility of a bounce-back rally. (In pre-market trading, stocks were virtually flat, with futures on the Dow Jones industrial average up 6 points.)
Investors can only hope that the stock market follows up its weak showing on Day 1 of October 2014 like it has the past dozen times it sank more than 1% on the first trading day of the third quarter. The S&P 500 has posted gains the next day, the next week and for the rest of October after spooky first days that drench investors in red ink, according to Bespoke Investment Group.
Bespoke’s analysis shows average gains of 0.9% the next day, with positive returns 10 of 12 times. The index was 3.1% higher a week later, and 3.8% higher by the end of the month.
How did the market fare after a 2.9% dip on the first day of October 2011? “Pretty darn good, actually,” Bespoke noted. The S&P 500 was up 8.7% a month later and 14% by the end of the month.

Hong Kongs tense protests echo around the worldBy Ishaan Tharoor October 2 Follow @ishaantharoor
In cities across the globe, including Manila and Manhattan, demonstrators are expressing support for Hong Kong protesters who are calling for free and open elections. (Reuters)
HONG KONG -- There was a tense, nervous energy among pro-democracy protesters in this city's Admiralty and Central districts Thursday, as a protester-declared deadline for the resignation of Hong Kong's leader, Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying, loomed. The ranks of demonstrators occupying the space in front of the Chief Executive's office grew as protest leaders renewed calls for courage, patience and unity among the numerous factions that have mobilized for the past five days in the heart of Asia's financial capital.
Away from the demonstration's flashpoints, a Dutch exchange student spoke to a circle of protesters by tents in the occupied streets of Admiralty. He had been given a microphone and urged those around him to keep up the fight. "The whole world is watching you," he said, in English. "We are all Hong Kongers."
No matter the outcome of the protests -- which seemed poised on a knife edge on Thursday night -- they have already proved remarkable in terms of the way they have been carried out. Visit any of the city's main protest areas and you'll be struck by the meticulous attention to detail involved in the distribution of provisions, by the feverish conscientiousness of those tasked with collecting trash and recycling waste, and by the generosity shown to befuddled journalists and first-time demonstrators alike.
But one also can't help but be impressed by the degree to which those fighting this local struggle seem aware of the larger global audience that's watching. An orange banner has been draped on an overpass in Admiralty for days, emblazoned with a lyric from the musical "Les Miserables"--"Do you hear the people sing?" Nearby, a Spanish protest slogan was nailed atop a street sign. Other protesters wear t-shirts of Mahatma Gandhi; the rhetoric of non-violent civil disobedience is at the forefront of all discussions here.
2:15am, Hong Kong pic.twitter.com/kKOJNKX46l
— Ishaan Tharoor (@ishaantharoor) October 1, 2014
That spirit of cosmopolitanism should not be a surprise. As a vibrant global entrepot, the city boasts well-heeled communities of expats and an endless array of cuisines. Hong Kongers, moreover, are a well-traveled people. Their diaspora has come into play this week, with activists reporting as many as 64 demonstrations abroad in solidarity with Hong Kong's "Umbrella Revolution" so far. Some 3,000 demonstrators rallied outside the Chinese embassy in London. They were not alone.
Approx 70 ppl gathered yesterday on O'Connell St in Dublin to collect signatures & support #OccupyHK . #GlobalforHK . pic.twitter.com/ObSSWLUbLW
— Global Solidarity HK (@GlobalSolidHK) October 2, 2014
In Singapore, Hong Lim Park yesterday #GlobalforHK RT @kixes : @tocsg ’s video of the solidarity event for #HongKong : http://t.co/r8ZeV6Al3f

Jayalalithaa not getting VIP treatment in jail  saysofficialPrint
Press Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: October 2, 2014 8:26 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 8:07 am
AIADMK leader J Jayalalithaa is not getting VIP treatment, she is being looked after as any other ordinary prisoner at the Parapanna Agrahara Central prison where she is lodged after conviction in the disproportionate assets case, according to a top jail official.
“Madam (Jayalalithaa) is getting no VIP treatment. She is being treated as any other prisoner at Parapanna Agrahara,” DIG Prisons P M Jaisimha informed.
She has conducted herself very politely with the prison officials and not made any demand for luxury, except that she has asked for an iron cot as per doctors’ advise, he said.
Jayalalithaa has not even asked for a Television set, while a common TV is provided even for ordinary prisoners, he said.
“She instead insists on providing things as per the manual rules of the prison. She has not made any demand for luxury, except ordering for an iron cot as per the doctors’ advice. She has been very polite with the officials,” he said.
Since Jayalalithaa is a short-termer (a prisoner who is not undergoing rigorous imprisonment), she is allowed to wear her garments, he said. She is happy wearing sarees only and she is not wearing any cosmetics either, Jaisimha added.
Jayalalithaa also is being looked after by her close aide Sasikala and Elavarasi, the latter’s relative, who have also been imprisoned in the same women’s barracks, he said.
The AIADMK chief is keeping good health and eating simple food as per doctors’ advice, besides reading newspapers, Jaisimha said. “She is eating brown bread, milk, biscuits, fruits and chappatis, if she demands,” he said.
The 66-year-old three-time chief minister, who has been allotted VVIP cell number 23 of the prison, also reads newspapers without fail, Jaisimha said. “Without any fail, madam reads three English dailies every day,” he said.
Jayalalithaa, who is now prisoner number 7402 at the jail, wakes up early in the morning and takes a stroll in the premises of the prison, the official said.
Sasikala and her relatives, Elavarasi and Sudhakaran have been given prisoner numbers 7403, 7404 and 7405 respectively. The Special Court has sent Jayalalithaa and three other accused to four years in jail.
Jayalalithaa has not even asked for a Television set, while a common TV is provided even for ordinary prisoners, said the official.

Pakistan says Kashmir a legal issue ; demandsplebiscitePakistan Foreign Office spokesperson Aslam said India and Pakistan would have to resume talks for the sake of sustainable peace in the region. (Source: Reuters)
Islamabad | Posted: October 2, 2014 8:26 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 8:38 pm
Needling India, Pakistan on Thursday asserted that Kashmir is a “legal issue” and must be resolved through plebiscite as per the aspirations of the Kashmiri people.
At the weekly briefing here, Foreign Office spokesperson Tasnim Aslam also made it clear that Indo-Pak talks were not a substitute to the UN resolutions on Kashmir which envisage plebiscite in the region.
“Kashmir is a legal issue also and its legal position demands that the dispute must be resolved as per the aspirations of Kashmiri people through plebiscite,” she said.
Aslam said that Simla Agreement between the two countries does not make UN resolutions ineffective.
Her remarks come within days of Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif raking up the Kashmir issue at the UN General Assembly where he said the UN had passed resolutions to hold a plebiscite in Jammu and Kashmir more than six decades ago.
“The people of Jammu and Kashmir are still waiting for the fulfillment of that promise,” Sharif said.
India had strongly rejected the “untenable comments” made by Sharif, asserting that the people of the state have peacefully chosen their destiny in accordance with universally accepted democratic principles.
Speaking at UNGA, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had offered to engage in a serious bilateral dialogue “without the shadow of terrorism” while asking Pakistan to create an “appropriate environment” for that.
At Thursday’s briefing, Aslam also claimed that India never responded positively on Pakistan’s proposals to resolve the Siachen issue and for declaring Siachen a Peace Park including demilitarization of the territory.
The Foreign Office spokesperson termed that Indian policy towards resolution of Siachen as “inflexible”.
Former President Pervez Musharraf had claimed that Pakistan and India were close to clinching a deal on Siachen during his tenure.
Aslam said India and Pakistan would have to resume talks for the sake of sustainable peace in the region.
India had called off Foreign Secretary-level talks in August after Pakistan’s High Commissioner in New Delhi Abdul Basit had met Kashmiri separatist leaders ahead of the meeting, ignoring India’s warning that the move could derail the parleys.
Aslam saw nothing wrong in Basit’s meeting with Hurriyat leaders, saying Pakistan regularly consults with them.

Tension mounts in Hong Kong as police massHK Government offices closed as protests continue
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/41394eae-49f9-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

GoPro shares sink as founder sidesteps ruleGoPro shares sink as founder sidesteps rule
By: Matt Krantz October 2, 2014 12:02 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Getty
Shares of extreme camera maker GoPro (GPRO) closed down 7% Thursday after the founder found a way to indirectly sell 5.8 million shares — despite saying he would wait six months.
Nicholas Woodman, founder of the maker of portable video cameras, stunned investors saying he and his wife plan to give 5.8 million shares to a charity. What’s bothering investors, though, is that the charity will be free to sell the shares on Oct. 3 — avoiding the lock-up period.
It’s a significant number of shares to hit the market, shares that the market didn’t expect for months. It amounts to 28% of the stock sold in the June 25, 2014 initial public offering and 5% of the share outstanding. The lock-up period wasn’t slated to expire until Dec. 22, 2014.
Shares fell $6.34, or 7%, to $85.46. Shares were sold for $24 a share, meaning they’re still up 256% — making it one of the most successful initial public offerings of the year.
Investors were told in the company’s prospectus that officers and directors would wait at least 180 days before selling shares. Such lock-ups are important to IPO investors because it protects them from a flood of shares.
The company said J.P. Morgan Security agreed to release the lock-up period connected to the transaction. Woodman is giving the shares to create a new charity, the Jill + Nicholas Woodman Foundation.
“We wake up every morning grateful for the opportunities life has given us,” the Woodman’s said in a statement. “We hope to return the favor as best we can.”

If China is to maintain one party rule on the mainland  it cannot let Hong Kong democratize.Comments
By Akos Lada October 2
University students from across Hong Kong began a week-long boycott of classes at the Chinese University of Hong Kong on Sept. 22. (EPA/Jerome Favre)
Tens of thousands of pro-democracy protesters are swarming the streets of Hong Kong. Beijing faces dire consequences. The Chinese authorities’ hands are tied : They will look weak if they make concessions, but the regime’s image and the city’s business interests are suffering while the protests continue. How did Beijing end up with such a difficult problem? Rather than a result of miscalculations, the confrontation was inevitable.
The protests in Hong Kong were triggered by the Chinese authorities’ unwillingness to make democratic concessions to the city. Beijing decreed that only its favored candidates could run in the city’s elections in 2017. This decision destroyed hopes of real democracy in the city. Even though Hong Kong residents will have universal suffrage, any candidate who runs will need to be pre-approved by a select committee of Beijing loyalists.
Why did China not make democratic concessions to avoid unrest? Chinese scholar Weiwei Zhang argues that the protesters in Hong Kong are the ones who need to compromise. He contends that Hong Kong is far less important to China than it was 30 years ago, given China’s economic rise. But in fact, as Hong Kong is on the cusp of democracy today, events in the city are very important to Beijing.
The fundamental problem the Chinese regime faces is that the Chinese mainland shares strong cultural and ethnic ties with Hong Kong. Research by Beth Simmons and her colleagues shows that policies and institutions often spread between countries with shared visible cultural markers. If Hong Kong can demonstrate how to make democracy work, it is easy to imagine that it could also work in China. This explains why the Chinese government is so reluctant to yield to the democratic demands of the citizens in Hong Kong.
In my own work I show that hostility and wars have historically been more likely to occur between countries that are culturally similar but differ in their political institutions. A dictator’s fear of political contagion is even more acute in the case of divided countries, which by definition are culturally very similar.
The two Koreas are one example. A North Korean dictator will fear the diffusion of democratic ideas from South Korea. While Pyongyang can have no hope of destroying South Korea, it can use low-level hostility and propaganda to make North Korean citizens more likely to look at South Korea as an enemy, not as a model.
How does a dictator paint another country which could serve as an attractive model for the dictator’s citizens as an enemy? In my research, I analyze North Korean propaganda before and after the democratization of South Korea in 1987. My quantitative text analysis shows that words that describe human suffering appear alongside “South Korea” much more frequently after 1987 than before. The newly democratic regime is alleged to be dictatorial: It “far surpasses its predecessor dictators in terms of its tyrannical nature.’’ Statements describing South Korea as a “living hell,’’ where “the toiling masses who account for an overwhelming majority live in poverty, sorrow and penury’’ become commonplace.
A quick look at how the Chinese media describes the protesters in Hong Kong reveals striking similarities. Public discussion about the Hong Kong protests is heavily censored. Chinese newspapers are beginning to discuss the protests but paint an undemocratic picture of the pro-democracy movement. In an article from the front page of the People’s Daily, China’s main newspaper, the protests are portrayed representing “a serious departure from democracy and the rule of law.’’ Another People’s Daily article strikes the same tone, and claims that instead of fighting for democracy, the protesters are stifling its development.
The official press also stresses the suffering of the Hong Kong citizens during the protests. “Extremists” behind the protests are said to be “disrupting normal order’’ and “disrupting economic conditions.’’ Another article claims that the protests are incited by a small number of extremists, and that their “illegal actions to undermine the rule of law’’ will further increase their “unpopularity.’’ By contrast, mainland stories depict the Chinese government is representing stability , and as a defender of rule of law and development in Hong Kong.
Did Xi Jinping miscalculate by not allowing free elections in Hong Kong? We cannot know whether the Chinese leadership expected protests of this magnitude, although a large pro-democracy demonstration prior to the controversial decision was a powerful warning. Beijing, in general, tries to avoid collective action by its citizens and is said to fear democratic contagion. In recent days pro-Hong Kong protesters in mainland China have been detained . The authorities in Beijing may believe they have no choice other than to deny free elections in Hong Kong: the dictator of a divided country risks too much by allowing a democracy to thrive beside him, providing citizens with a stark contrast to his oppressive regime.
 
Akos Lada  is a doctoral candidate in political economy and government at Harvard University working on war between states with shared identities.

Capitals demote three to HersheyUPDATE (1:56 p.m.) The Capitals officially announced Reirchard’s release.
ORIGINAL POST: With two games left this preseason, the Washington Capitals shipped three more skaters to Hershey on Thursday morning, sending defenseman Connor Carrick, forward Garrett Mitchell and forward Casey Wellman to the American Hockey League.
Carrick, a 20-year-old thrust into 34 NHL games during his rookie season in 2013-14, can report to the Bears immediately. Wellman and Mitchell, on the other hand, must clear the league’s 24-hour waiver window, during which any other team can claim him for a nominal fee: $26,250 for Wellman and $56,250 for Mitchell.
This leaves the Capitals with 20 forwards, 11 defensemen and five goaltenders, with further cuts looming as Coach Barry Trotz aims to reduce the roster first before Sunday’s preseason finale and then again by Tuesday, when at most NHL teams can have 23 on their roster. Ideally Trotz wants to carry 22 healthy players into the start of the season, one short of the NHL maximum, leaving open the possibility of having an injured Tom Wilson or Dmitry Orlov around without putting them on injured reserve.
Goaltender Philipp Grubauer, for instance, is expected to report to Hershey after backing up Justin Peters against Philadelphia at Verizon Center on Thursday night, while training camp invitee Cody Reichard, currently under contract with the AHL’s Orlando Solar Bears, is expected to be released. Some hoped Reichard, who had a strong camp, could latch onto Washington’s ECHL affiliate in South Carolina.
Carrick figures to factor into a strong blue-line corps in Hershey that should receive several other reinforcements from Washington in the coming days. Patrick Wey, Nate Schmidt, John Erskine, Steven Oleksy and Jack Hillen are all vying for several open spots; all but Schmidt would have to pass through waivers. Mitchell dealt with a shoulder injury last season that limited his time in Hershey to 17 games, while Wellman registered 37 points in 58 games for the Bears.
Washington’s forwards corps will also receive a trimming soon, with AHL candidates like Chris Conner, Dane Byers and Kris Newbury still hanging around, not to mention the current fourth-line battle featuring Chris Brown, Michael Latta and Liam O’Brien. Aaron Volpatti has also been recovering from what general manager Brian MacLellan called a “neck fusion” procedure, but skated in a non-contact jersey with the Capitals on Thursday. O’Brien is currently unsigned, while Latta, Conner, Newbury would all have to clear waivers if they were to be sent to the AHL.
The Capitals fell at Buffalo on Wednesday night , 6-1, and following the game Trotz delivered some harsh words — without specifying names — to the fringe roster candidates who he had hoped would step up.
“There’s some guys that played themselves right out of a chance to stick with us, no question,” he said.
Washington’s roster versus Philadelphia is below. Ten players — Newbury, Hillen, Grubauer, Brooks Laich, Joel Ward, Andre Burakovsky, Marcus Johansson, Evgeny Kuznetsov, Karl Alzner and John Carlson – skated at Buffalo.
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Strasburg to start NLDS Game 1By James Wagner October 2 Follow @jameswagnerwp
Stephen Strasburg, as expected, will make his postseason debut Friday and start Game 1 of the National League Division Series against the San Francisco Giants . Nationals Manager Matt Williams made the announcement official at a Thursday afternoon news conference. Jordan Zimmermann will start Game 2 on Saturday and Doug Fister will start Game 3 on Monday in San Francisco.
“I know he’s ready,” Williams said of Strasburg, “and he’s excited about the opportunity.”
Pitching Strasburg in the opening game of the series allows the Nationals to use him again, on regular rest, in Game 5 if needed. Strasburg, the Nationals’ opening day starter for the past three seasons, did not pitch during the team’s 2012 playoff appearance because his season was ended early to protect his surgically repaired right arm.
“I try not to look back on what it was like two years ago,” Strasburg said. “I’m just trying to live in the present, and I’m excited for getting the chance now.”
While Zimmermann also seemed a candidate to start Game 1, Strasburg led the Nationals with 215 innings and finished with a share of the NL strikeout title with 242, a team record. He posted a 3.14 ERA and a 119 ERA+. He will square off against Giants right-hander Jake Peavy, a pitcher he grew up idolizing when Peavy was a star in San Diego, where Strasburg grew up.
“I think if I go out there and just compete, I’m going to be okay,” Strasburg said. “I can sleep well at night. I can’t really worry about whether I’m missing a spot or one side. It’s nice to recognize that, but I can’t really go out there and beat a dead horse with it. I have to pitch to my strengths and make them adjust to my game.”
In his 14 second-half starts, Strasburg had a 2.70 ERA, his velocity ticking up every month. In September, he had a 1.13 ERA over 32 innings.
“Over the last month, everybody has been really good,” Williams said. “They’ve pitched really well. And so Stephen in particular has gotten stronger as this month has gone on. His fastball velocity has ticked up each month during the course of the season and we all forget about the fact that he had surgery last offseason and it took him some time to get back to where he really wanted to be and I think he’s proven that over the last four to six weeks that he feels good. His location has been good. He’s healthy and strong and he’s looking forward to this opportunity.”
Zimmermann will likely be opposed by veteran right-hander Tim Hudson , who has dominated the Nationals throughout his career , and Doug Fister is expected to face off in Game 3 against Madison Bumgarner, the Giants’ best starter and a rematch of a Game 2 of the 2012 World Series. Although Williams admitted he had a starter chosen, he declined to name a Game 4 starter but Gio Gonzalez is the likely choice.
“I think it wasn’t an easy decision by any means but I think that’s a testament to the guys we have in the rotation,” Strasburg said. ” I think every single one of them is extremely talented. It’s going to take all 25 guys to get this job done.”
James Wagner joined the Post in August 2010 and, prior to covering the Nationals, covered high school sports across the region.

Turkey debates use of force against IsisTurkish parliament authorises force against Isis in Syria and Iraq
By Daniel Dombey in Istanbul and Erika Solomon in Beirut
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c39027be-4a31-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maharashtra Congress releases manifesto for upcoming AssemblypollsComments
Congress leaders Sushilkumar Shinde, Prithviraj Chavan, Manikrao Thakre and Harshvardhan Patil during the launch of party's election manifesto for the upcoming Assembly elections in Mumbai on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Congress on Thursday released its manifesto for the Maharashtra Assembly polls, promising increased income limit for beneficiaries of a health scheme from Rs 1.5 lakh to Rs 2.5 lakh, besides police stations for women as well as elimination of manual scavenging in the state.
Releasing the manifesto, which was prepared by a committee headed by former Union Home Minister Sushilkumar Shinde, former Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan told reporters here that the income limit for beneficiaries under the popular Rajiv Gandhi Jeevandayi Health Scheme would be raised to Rs 2.5 lakh.
The Congress manifesto also promised that five per cent of the annual budget under the special component plan would be earmarked for the welfare of nomadic tribes and denotified tribes, he said.
He said that a permanent provision of Rs 500 crore for a “drought fund” would be made for drought prone districts.
The Congress manifesto said that farmers in the state would be supplied electricity for eight hours during day time and ten hours at night.
“If a crop is lost to the extent of 60 per cent, its damage will be treated as 100 per cent,” the manifesto said.
A separate television channel named ‘Krishi Darshan’ would be launched to inform farmers about modern agricultural technology, various government schemes and success stories of farmers, the manifesto said.
Mango and cashew nut boards would be established for the benefit of farmers of these crops and subsidy would be provided through the board, it said.
The manifesto said that restriction on marketing agriculture produce would be removed.
The Congress has promised fast track courts to implement the Prevention of Atrocities Act.

Hong Kong police warns protesters against occupyingbuildingsStudent protesters sleep and wait at the entrance of the government complex where Hong Kong's Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying's office is located. (Source: AP)
Reuters | Hong Kong | Posted: October 2, 2014 9:24 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 9:36 pm
Hong Kong police on Thursday promised to respond firmly to any attempt by thousands of pro-democracy protesters to occupy administrative buildings, and authorities urged people to immediately end their blockade of the city centre.
The mostly young protesters have demanded Hong Kong’s leader, Leung Chun-ying, step down by the end of Thursday, and want China to introduce full democracy so the city can freely choose its own leader.
Several protest leaders, frustrated at the government’s refusal to meet their demands, have threatened to occupy government buildings if Leung fails to resign.
But the chief executive, appointed by Beijing, has refused to budge, leaving the two sides far apart in a dispute over how much political control China should have over Hong Kong.
Steve Hui, senior superintendent of the Hong Kong police force, said police would take action in accordance with the law if the protesters tried to enter government buildings.
“Whenever there are violent and major incidents and crimes such as fighting and any other situation that jeopardises safety and public order, police will take resolute and firm action to restore public order,” Hui said, when asked how police would respond should the students carry through with their threat.
“We assure (you) that police will have enough manpower to deal with every single situation”, he said.
Riot police used tear gas, pepper spray and baton charges last weekend to quell unrest, the worst in Hong Kong since China resumed its rule of the former British colony in 1997.
Tens of thousands of people were on the streets of central Hong Kong on Thursday night, below peak numbers seen during six days of mass demonstrations but still significant.
Some protesters said they would go back to work on Friday after a two-day public holiday, but they planned to continue to support the movement by returning in the evenings.
Several thousand people gathered outside Leung’s office in Central business district, where they faced more than 100 police officers wearing riot gear. The situation was calm so far.
The area is seen as a potential flashpoint as the student deadline approaches, and some demonstrators wore goggles and face masks. Hong Kong Cable TV showed police moving boxes marked as containing rubber bullets and tear gas into Leung’s offices.
“FIGHT TO THE VERY END”
The “Occupy Central” movement presents one of the biggest political challenges for Beijing since it violently crushed pro-democracy protests in Tiananmen Square in 1989.
Universal suffrage is an eventual goal under the “one country, two systems” formula by which China rules Hong Kong. Under that formula, China accords Hong Kong some autonomy and freedoms not enjoyed in mainland China.
However, protesters calling for free elections reacted angrily when Beijing decreed on Aug. 31 that it would vet candidates wishing to run in Hong Kong’s 2017 election.
Protesters across the city have dug in, setting up supply stations with water bottles, fruit, raincoats, towels, goggles, face masks, tents and umbrellas.
The Hong Kong Federation of Students, one of the protest organisers, has urged people to surround more government buildings from Friday unless the authorities accepted their demands.
Protest leaders addressed supporters camped near the government headquarters, preparing them for a potentially tense night ahead.
“In the coming days we will team up to support the movement and provide resources. We will fight until the very end,” teenaged student leader Joshua Wong said from atop a ladder, to huge cheers.
The three main protest groups have started to work more closely together, perhaps aware that one of the risks to their movement is its lack of a unified leadership.
The Hong Kong government said the unrest was affecting public order and public services.
“About 3,000 government officials will try their best tomorrow to return to work. To maintain public service, the government headquarters must operate as usual,” the government said in a statement.
“We urge the Occupy Central leaders and organisers to stop the movement immediately.”
READY FOR THE LONG-GAME?
China has dismissed the pro-democracy protests as illegal, but it faces a dilemma.
Cracking down too hard could shake confidence in market-driven Hong Kong, which has a separate legal system from the rest of China. Not reacting firmly enough, however, could embolden dissidents on the mainland.
A government source with ties to Leung said the Hong Kong leader was prepared to play a long-game, intervening only if there was looting or violence.
“Unless there’s some chaotic situation, we won’t send in riot police … We hope this doesn’t happen,” the source said. “We have to deal with it peacefully, even if it lasts weeks or months.” Leung could not be reached for comment.
A front-page editorial on Thursday in the People’s Daily, the Communist Party mouthpiece, lauded Leung’s leadership and the police response to the protests.
“The central government fully trusts Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying and is very satisfied with his work,” it said.
But in a move that could rally more broad support for the protesters, respected former lawmaker Audrey Eu, chairwoman of the Civic Party, issued an open letter to Leung on Thursday calling on him to step down.
A pro-Beijing group told a news conference in Hong Kong their supporters would take to the streets to show support for Leung’s administration, raising the prospect of clashes between the two sides.
The crowded suburbs of Kowloon and the neighbouring New Territories are home to an extensive network of pro-Beijing groups, some of which boast close ties to mainland companies and officials and have grown active in street counter-protests in recent months.
REPUTATION UNDER THREAT
A top Chinese envoy has warned that the protests could tarnish the city’s reputation as one of the world’s leading financial hubs if they continued for a prolonged period.
China’s ambassador to Germany, Shi Mingde, told Reuters that the city’s reputation as a financial hub was not under threat for now. “But if shares fall, if the unrest continues, then the social order and (Hong Kong’s) role as a financial centre will be in danger,” he said in an interview in Berlin.
“This is neither in Hong Kong’s nor China’s interest.”
The city’s benchmark index, closed on Thursday for a holiday, plunged 7.3 percent in September.
Spooked by the protests, which turned violent at the weekend, some banks and other financial firms have begun moving staff to back-up premises on the outskirts of the city.
U.S. President Barack Obama told visiting Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi, who earlier met Secretary of State John Kerry, that Washington was watching the protests closely and urged a peaceful solution.
“The United States has consistently supported the open system that is essential to Hong Kong’s stability and prosperity, universal suffrage, and the aspiration of the Hong Kong people,” the White House said in a statement about the meeting, also attended by national security adviser Susan Rice.

Official: Suicide bombers kill 7 at LibyanairportBenghazi fell under the control of the Islamist militias months ago after they repelled attacks by Hifter.
Associated Press | Cairo | Posted: October 2, 2014 9:23 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 9:29 pm
Two suicide car bombings near an eastern airport in Libya killed seven troops and wounded 12 people on Thursday, a spokesman for a renegade general said, as fierce clashes erupted nearby between the general’s forces and the extremist militias trying to take over the airfield.
Col Mohammed Hegazi told The Associated Press that the bombers targeted checkpoints 1 kilometre away from the Benina airport in Benghazi.
The airport is the only site still under the control of renegade Gen Khalifa Hifter after he was defeated by a coalition of Islamist militias, including the extremist group Ansar al-Shariah. That group is blamed for the deadly September 12, 2012, assault on the US Consulate in Benghazi that killed US Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans.
Hegazi said that the Hifter-allied Libyan air force later launched airstrikes to prevent the Islamist militias from taking over the airport.
A spokesman of the February 17 brigade, part of the Islamist coalition, told Libyan television station al-Nabaa that nearly 10 of its fighters were wounded in clashes near the airport.
Mohammed Eissa also said the airstrikes had no effect on their advance as clashes continued.
Benghazi fell under the control of the Islamist militias months ago after they repelled attacks by Hifter.
Libya is witnessing its worst spasm of violence since its 2011 civil war.
A second, parallel campaign by Islamist-allied militias swept through the capital, Tripoli, forcing rival militias, who declared their alliance with Hifter, to withdraw.
The militias later revived an old parliament and formed a “salvation government” to compete with Libya’s elected parliament and government, which is now convening in the eastern city of Tobruk, close to the Egyptian border.

IS militants kill 40 jihadists  17 policemen inIraqAt least six members of federal forces were killed in an assault on a major army base in Ramadi. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Ramadi | Posted: October 2, 2014 8:59 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 9:03 pm
The Islamic State group launched attacks on Iraqi bases in two western towns that left at least 17 members of the security forces and 40 jihadists dead, security and medical sources said on Thursday.
Seven policemen and four soldiers were killed when IS fighters attacked the police headquarters in the town of Heet, while at least six members of federal forces were killed in an assault on a major army base in Ramadi.
In Heet, a town on the Euphrates about 150 kilometres (95 miles) west of Baghdad, 25 gunmen attacked the police headquarters shortly after midnight.
“They smashed the gates open with suicide car bombs, the 25 men tried to break into the HQ, sparking heavy clashes,”  police colonel Jabbar al-Nimrawi told AFP.
“The police killed 20 of them and the remaining five withdrew to the electricity building. They are still under siege, they have sniper rifles,” he said.
Nimrawi said the building was now surrounded by police, army, counter-terrorism elite troops and anti-jihadist Sunni tribal forces.
Doctor Nael Ahmed, from Heet hospital, said seven police officers and four soldiers were killed in the attack and the ensuing clashes.
In Ramadi, less than 100 kilometres (60 miles) west of  Baghdad, further down the Euphrates river, a similar suicide unit attacked the 8th Brigade headquarters, just outside the city, on Wednesday.
“They attacked from three directions. They used suicide armoured vehicles to break into the compound, then 13 fighters with suicide vests entered,” said senior army officer Awad al-Dulaimi.
“We killed the last one at 5:00 am (0200 GMT) after fierce exchanges. We also killed seven who had come from another direction,” he said.
A doctor at Ramadi hospital, Ahmed al-Ani, confirmed that he had received the bodies of three members of Iraq’s elite counter-terrorism force, including a colonel, and three soldiers.
Some of the last pockets still under government control in the Sunni province of Anbar are in Heet in Ramadi.

Women should not trouble others by wearing jeans: Singer K JYesudasK J Yesudas was speaking at an event in Thiruvananthapuramm.
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 2, 2014 8:31 pm | Updated: October 4, 2014 9:20 pm
 
Legendary singer K J Yesudas on Thursday landed in a controversy after he said women should not trouble others by wearing jeans.
The Kerala-born singer, who has been conferred with the honours like Padma Sri and Padma Vibhushan, said when women wear jeans, others are forced to look beyond that (jeans). Yesudas was inaugurating cleanliness drive under Swachh Bharat Campaign at Swathi Tirunal Music College in Thiruvananthapuram.
“What should be covered must be covered. Our culture involves the beauty which should be covered. Women should not trouble others by wearing jeans. When they put on jeans, men are tempted to look beyond that (jeans),” he said. “Women’s beauty lies in their modesty. They should not try to become like men. They should not force others to do unnecessary things by wearing jeans, which would give them magnetism,” Yesudas added.
Yesudas’ comments drew flak from various organisations. Mahila Congress state president Bindu Krishna said the singer should recall his anti-woman statements. “His comments are not fit for a civilized society,” said Krishna.
CPI (M) student and youth wings SFI and DYFI also blasted Yesudas, who is known as celestial singer. According to them his comments gave an impression that women were targeted due to the style of their dress.
See the video. (Malayalam audio)

Here are 6 things that you know  but most Americans have no clue aboutBy Aaron Blake October 2 Follow @aaronblakewp
Jelani Guzman, a fifth-grader at Silver Lake Elementary School in Middletown, Del., works on an English language arts lesson at school Tuesday, Oct. 1, 2013. Silver Lake has begun implementing the national Common Core State Standards for academics. (AP Photo/Steve Ruark)
Inside the Beltway, everyone knows everyone, and everyone knows politics. Outside, of course, it's a far different story -- so much so that folks inside the Beltway need a frequent reminder about just how insular their little bubble is.
Well, here's your latest reminder.
The Pew Research Center polled Americans on 12 topical news questions, asking them to prove that they knew what was going on in the news. They failed, badly -- even though most of the questions were multiple choice.
Here is a recap of things that most Americans do not know:
1) What the government spends most of its money on
It's Social Security, and only 20 percent of people know that. Social Security actually finished third out of four options. Thirty-three percent thought it was foreign aid, while 26 percent thought it was interest on the national debt. So, so very wrong.
2) Who is the chair of the Federal Reserve
It's Janet Yellen. Nearly one-quarter (24 percent) of people could pluck her name out of four options. Seventeen percent thought it was still Alan Greenspan, who in fairness was Fed chairman for what seemed like a century (though not since 2006).
3) What the unemployment rate is
Even when Pew gave people four options -- 3 percent, 6 percent, 9 percent and 12 percent --  and asked them which it was closest to, just one-third picked the right answer (6 percent). Forty-five percent thought it was either 9 or 12.
4) Who is the prime minister of Israel
Given four options, 43 percent of people didn't even attempt an answer. Slightly less -- 38 percent -- chose the correct answer, Benjamin Netanyahu. One percent thought it was David Cameron, which is funny.
5) What Common Core is
The conservative base is incensed about these curriculum standards for English and math, but only 49 percent of all Americans even have a basic understanding of what Common Core is. That's despite being given four options -- two of which were at least semi-ridiculous ("abdominal exercises" and "a newly developed microprocessor").
6) Where the Ebola outbreak is happening
One would think, given the amount of fear involved, that people would know where the outbreak has taken hold. One would be wrong. Given four options -- Liberia, Egypt, Morocco and Sudan -- just 46 percent correctly cite Liberia. Nearly half as many picked Sudan (21 percent), so it's pretty clear a lot of people who picked Liberia simply guessed the right African country.
But lest you think we're being too hard on the American people, there are some things they know:
73 percent can peg the minimum wage at $7.25
67 percent know the Islamic State has taken hold in Syria and not Kuwait, Egypt or Pakistan
60 percent know what country Ukraine used to belong to -- the Soviet Union
So we've got that going for us. Which is nice.
Aaron Blake covers national politics and writes regularly for The Fix.

Obama administration to provide $9 million in legal help to undocumented childrenBy Niraj Chokshi October 2 Follow @NirajC
A U.S. Border Patrol agent assists an unaccompanied minor, 13, from El Salvador after he crossed the Rio Grande into the United States on July 24 in Mission, Texas. (John Moore/Getty Images)
The Obama administration plans to offer $9 million in legal services to some of the tens of thousands of undocumented immigrant children who have crossed the border illegally.
The money, to be doled out over the next two years, will provide legal representation to 2,600 children who were unaccompanied by a parent or legal guardian when apprehended by authorities, amounting to more than $3,460 per child. A surge in apprehensions of such children stirred emotions over the summer as the administration searched for places to house them while being criticized by many governors over an alleged lack of transparency about the effort.
The announcement of the $9 million in federal grants comes just a few days after California Gov. Jerry Brown (D) signed a measure into law providing $3 million to nonprofits in his state for the same purpose. San Francisco on Tuesday also  decided to provide more than $2.1 million in representation to such children and their families. In June, New York City became the first city in the nation to provide lawyers for low-income immigrants facing deportation, according to the Christian Science Monitor .
The federal government will give more than $4.2 million over the next year to the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops in D.C. and the U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants in Arlington, both of which will provide legal services to undocumented children in nine cities: Arlington, Va., Baltimore, Dallas, Houston, Los Angeles, Memphis, Miami, New Orleans, Phoenix. The cities, home to substantial numbers of children moving through such immigration proceedings, were chosen in consultation with the Justice Department, with 1,222 children benefiting from this first round of funding. The remainder of the $9 million will be distributed in a year.
More than 66,000 such children have been apprehended at the Southwest border alone, from Oct. 1 through the end of August, according to Customs and Border Protection data . Once apprehended, children are transferred to the Health & Human Services Department’s Office of the Administration of Children & Families, where they are fed, sheltered and given medical attention until they can be placed with a sponsor—typically family members—as they await their proceedings. From Jan. 1 through the end of August, 43,419 such placements have been made .
 

Kim Cattrall brings a little sexy back to this cityBy Helena Andrews October 2 Follow @helena_andrews
Kim Cattrall attends “The Boomer List” premiere in New York on Sept. 18. (Cindy Ord/Getty Images for AARP)
Hey isn’t that… actress Kim Cattrall, who embodied the role of provocative publicist Samantha Jones for six seasons on HBO’s “Sex and the City,” lounging on the W hotel’s rooftop on Wednesday night?
Although the 58-year-old was spotted looking every inch her iconic character — denim skinnies, sequin top,  sleek leather jacket — there wasn’t a cosmo (or a Smith Jerrod look-alike) in sight. If Cattrall takes a SATC quiz, do you think she gets Samantha?
Earlier that evening, Cattrall made an appearance at the opening reception of the Newseum’s “ The Boomer List: Photographs by Timothy Greenfield-Sanders .” The exhibit features 19 portraits of celebrity baby boomers, including Cattrall, who were born between 1946 and 1964. The accompanying documentary, “American Masters: The Boomer List,” premiered Sept. 23 on PBS.
A tipster tells us that Cattrall gamely posed for photos at the Newseum reception, which was packed with about 350 guests, including bigwigs from AARP, the exhibit’s major sponsor. Aging has done Cattrall’s career good of late. The veteran actress recently teamed up with Pfizer for a campaign called Tune in to Menopause, encouraging women to embrace “the change.”
Read More Reliable Source:

Narendra Modi is more Liked in America than most American politiciansbut these world leaders still have him beatWorld leaders, Facebook stars(REUTERS/Larry Downing)
SHARE
Zach Wener-Fligner @zachwe
October 2, 2014
Narendra Modi’s campaign for Prime Minister earlier this year was marked by a particularly  adept social media strategy . On Facebook, the Indian politician has been “Liked” over 22 million times.
Over 90% of those ‘Likes’ come from users in India, as you’d expect. But he’s also apparently popular with Facebook users in the US: Modi’s Facebook support is greater than that of all but the best-known American politicians.
Share
Tap image to zoom
But Modi is not the most-Liked international politician by US Facebook users. Both Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto are more popular. (Some prominent leaders, including Xi Jinping of China and Vladimir Putin of Russia, don’t have “official” Facebook pages.)
Share
Tap image to zoom
Still, Modi’s following in the US has increased steadily over the past several months, aided by the visibility the Prime Minister enjoys in his new role.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Users in the US comprise the fourth-largest Facebook fan base for Modi—after India, Nepal, and Bangladesh. The demographic profile of those users isn’t clear, though if the crowd that showed up to Modi’s appearance at Madison Square Garden in New York last weekend is any indication, they are likely made up largely of Indian-Americans—in 2010, a population of 2.8 million—as well as the tens of thousands of Indian citizens working in the US.
Share this:

Draghi treads cautiouslyShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Draghi treads cautiously
Oct 2, 2014 : Mario Draghi, ECB president, has left rates unchanged and unveiled limited plans to buy covered bonds and asset-backed securities. FT investment editor James Mackintosh assesses the impact, in particular of the absence of any indication of QE.

Germany refuses to budge on fiscal rigourGermany is no EU ‘odd man out’ despite stance on fiscal rigour
By Tony Barber in London
Schäuble far from alone in stressing fiscal rectitude
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ad95113c-4a3f-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stocks slide as growth worries persist© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fe8314f2-49e2-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jacques Kallis guides KKR to CLT20finalKKR's Jack Kallis finally came to his own as he scored a match-winning knock of 54 runs. (Source: BCCI)
Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: October 2, 2014 10:18 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 12:32 am
Veteran Jacques Kallis brought his years of experience into play as he guided Kolkata Knight Riders to its maiden Oppo Champions League T20 final having comfortably beaten Australia’s Hobart Hurricanes by seven wickets in Hyderabad on Thursday .
Chasing a target of 141, Kallis anchored the chase to perfection with an invaluable unbeaten 54 as the reigning IPL champions knocked off the runs in 19.1 overs to win their record 14th match on trot.
Kallis added 63 runs for the third wicket with Manish Pandey, whose 32-ball-40 also proved to be priceless in the final context of the match.
Kallis on his part hit four boundaries and two sixes in his 40-ball innings.
The legendary all-rounder, who will be turning 39, finished the match with a mistimed pull-shot off Doug Bollinger, which went for a six as Ben Hilfenhaus, failed to
take a simple catch at deep backward square leg.
At the time of victory, Kallis had Yusuf Pathan (14 no) for company and the Baroda dasher showed maturity by not attempting any rash stroke during their 34 run unbroken stand.
It was the 13th over of the KKR innings turned out to be unlucky for the Hurricanes as Pandey going for an expansive drive was caught by glovesman Ben Dunk off Hilfenhaus.
However the TV replays showed that the bowler has overstepped and Pandey, then on 22, got a lifeline.
Pandey spanked the free-hit for a one-bounce four in the long-off region followed by a classic cover drive as KKR suddenly took control of the proceedings.
In the next over bowled by Bollinger, the Bangalore lad flicked the bowler for a six as the Hurricanes suddenly went off the boil.
Kallis, on the otherhand, played his customary game by rotating the strike but hit a few classy boundaries including one off his hips off Hilfenhaus.
He also showed his class as he came down the track to lift left-arm spinner Xavier Doherty for the first of his two sixes.
It was vintage Kallis at his best after KKR lost their skipper Gautam Gambhir (4) and Robin Uthappa (17) for 44 runs on the board.
Earlier, opting to bat, Hobart Hurricanes couldn’t make best use of the conditions as they managed only 140 for six in the stipulated 20 overs.
Most of the Hobart batsmen found it difficult against a disciplined KKR attack barring city’s son-in-law Shoaib Malik, who smashed an unbeaten 66 off 46 balls with four boundaries and an equal number of sixes. Opener Ben Dunk made the other significant contribution with 39 off 29 balls with four boundaries and a six.
Courtesy Malik, Hurricanes could post a reasonable total as he launched into young chinaman bowler Kuldeep Yadav, who was taken for 21 runs in the penultimate over. He hit Kuldeep for two huge sixes and a couple of boundaries.
It was last over of Kuldeep’s spell and he had brilliant figures of 30-10-1 to continued…
He also showed his class as he came down the track to lift left-arm spinner Xavier Doherty

I know bro  that`s why i said sky is the limit but i can`t say what th...Platinum Member
759 Followers
Nope , not 8k miles but it might grow even faster than 8k miles :) . 8kmiles is  pure cloud play and a great product . Kellton focuses more on Mobile platforms , integration , web services and stuff . They also focus on social networks ,Applications to improve e commerce etc . Therefore Kellton has it`s own share of opportunities but 8KMiles has more opportunities .
3.18 PM Sep 30th

This will touch 20 in a few trading sessions. mark my wordsPlatinum Member
187 Followers
Well go and read my posts for the past 4 -5 months. Unlike you who have been giving buy calls since 25, I have been giving sell call on JP Power since 25-12. Btw if you don`t know 25 is very close to 52 wk high. So console your mind with whatever you want to think, maybe it will help your frustration of getting stuck in JP Power at 25 or your losses since that level to whatever level you booked. Stop cursing others if they have made money and you haven`t because of your ignorance and half knowledge.

Falcon tyres limited manufactures and markets a wide range of nylon bi...Gold Member
60 Followers
Falcon tyres limited manufactures and markets a wide range of nylon bias ply tyres and butyl tubes for two and three wheelers, passenger cars , jeeps , light commercial and farm vehicles under the `
DUNLOP BRAND` in indian market and ` Falcon`and ` Donin ` brands for export markets .
Dunlop and Falcon tyres are the two companies  owned by pawan Kumar Ruia. Complement one another.  When Dunlop trades in continuous Upper Circuit then Falcon also follow suit. Hold Dunlop expecting its 52 week high in coming days
11.33 PM Oct 2nd  | Track

Do not make mistake of buying on dips wait for 7400 before that307 Followers
molly...now I know why u five starred me in rei board!
that shift to oct puts immediately after sept expiry was a bit tricky for me due to high premium.
I am no longer worried after seeing sgx nifty figures on 2 and three.
any way I will encash my puts sometimes next week and then buy them again if they become weak due to a bounce back in nifty.
best wishes...do not stray in to rei agro...it is a king cobra that took many lives.

8 takes Colors to number 2 on GEC chartBigg Boss 8 takes Colors to number 2 on GEC chart
Urvi Malvania | Mumbai Oct 03, 2014 12:43 AM IST
Endemol India’s celebrity show Bigg Boss season 8 has done what everyone at Colors hoped it would – propel the flagship general entertainment channel (GEC) from the Viacom18 bouquet to the No 2 spot on the ratings chart. The show, hosted for the fourth year in a row by actor Salman Khan, launched with a viewership of 7.6 million on September 21, and helped the GEC add 19 million viewers over the previous week to end with gross viewership of 431 million.
Last season's debut episode was rated marginally higher at 7.7 million. The weekday ratings, however, sustained Monday through Friday to average at 4.3 million viewers, while the Saturday episode was seen by 3.6 million viewers across India. The three-hour launch episode included an introduction to this season’s theme, which is around aviation and air travel, and the contestants of this edition. The show airs on the weekdays from 9 pm to 10 pm and has special episodes featuring Khan on the weekends.
Raj Nayak, CEO of Colors, said: “We are really happy that this season of Bigg Boss is doing well as the team at Colors and Endemol have put in a lot of work to put this show together. The logistics are huge and from planning till the launch, it takes almost six months of preparation. We hope our viewers continue to like the show and help us make it bigger and better so that our advertisers and sponsors on the show get their bang for the buck.”
In taking the second spot on the ratings chart, Colors has dethroned ZEE Entertainment Enterprises’ GEC, ZEE TV, (427 gross viewership in million). Star Plus continued to take the top spot at 593 million viewers and Life OK retained the No 4 spot with 307 million viewers. Multi Screen Media’s (MSM)’s SAB TV and Sony Entertainment Television also stayed put at their previous week positions – number five and six, respectively. Among the top shows, STAR Plus’ Diya Aur Baati Hum once again took top honours with viewership of 8.1 million, followed by ZEE TV’s Jodha Akbar (7.8 million) and Kumkum Bhagya (7.2 million).
Bigg Boss, which spans over three months features 15 celebrities from different fields confined in a house under 24-hour surveillance. Over the course of the show, the contestant have to carry out different tasks that calls for skills, co-operation and patience. Every week, the ‘house-mates’ nominate each other for eviction and ultimately, their fate is decided by the viewers, who vote in to save the contestants who they feel deserve to be in the house a little longer. The show is the Indian adaptation of Endemol India’s Dutch parent company (Endemol)’s show called Big Brother.
This year’s Bigg Boss is among the costliest shows ever on Indian television, with cost pegged at Rs 140-150 crore. It could also be the first year that a property of such magnitude could break even. Sources close to the show reveal that the broadcaster is charging Rs 3.5-4 lakh for a 10-second slot. Sony Entertainment Television's fiction show, Yudh, which premiered in July and starred Amitabh Bachchan, held the record in the daily entertainment space, with spot rates of Rs 3 lakh for 10 seconds.
Bigg Boss’ sponsorships are also among the highest in the industry. E-commerce player Snapdeal has forked out Rs 35 crore for this season, much more than the Rs 25-crore telecom operator Vodafone had paid for the show last year.
The channel's five-year contract with Vodafone for presenting sponsorshipended this year. It has other sponsors like powered by sponsor OppoMobile (Rs 22 crore), car sponsor Maruti (Rs 8 to 10 crore) and TVSMotors (Rs 8 to 10 crore).

24x7 power: World Bank offers Centre a planComments
The World Bank has submitted a detailed action plan that could help the government meet its objective of supplying power 24x7 in the country, with focus on bringing down distribution losses, improving infrastructure and expanding solar power.
The proposal includes a state-wise turnaround plan for the key seven or eight states that together account for about 80% of the $20 billion (Rs 1.2 lakh crore) annual power distribution losses.
Officials said the Bank has identified Delhi, Andhra Pradesh, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh and the six north-eastern states of Assam, Mizoram, Manipur, Meghalaya, Tripura and Nagaland for the 24x7 plan with 6 ultra mega solar power projects (in excess of 500 MW) and large-scale decentralised rooftop solar projects of 100 MW.
“The Bank will help the states undertake the required, difficult turnaround actions and will evaluate and implement state-specific programmes by providing... long-term rupee bonds or credit enhancement products,” a government official said.
“For Delhi, the Bank will help by partnering with the state transmission utility, Delhi Transco, and address transmission bottlenecks caused by years of underinvestment in the network,” the official said.
The Bank’s plan also talks of setting up large-scale 100 MW rooftop solar projects. The solar rooftop policy was rolled out by Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he was Gujarat chief minister. Solar panels were set up on the roofs of houses and institutions, and connected to a smart grid to supply clean electricity.
World Bank president Jim Yong Kim had met Modi in July, when 24x7 power for all was identified as priority area.
The Bank also mentions a long-term partnership with state-owned Solar Energy Corporation of India, to set up ultra mega solar power plants. A 750-MW project in Madhya Pradesh would be followed by five solar parks of 500 MW and above in Gujarat, MP, Telangana, Andhra and Karnataka.

eBay to invest in companies  tie up with retailers for growthComments
Online shopping giant eBay plans to grow further in India through investment in other Internet companies, partnerships with retailers, and commercial tie-ups with firms it has invested in.
While its competitors focus on exclusive online sales tie-ups with brands, eBay, the oldest e-commerce player in the country, is focusing on partnering with retailers to enhance their online reach. Besides this, eBay has already invested in e-commerce companies such as Snapdeal and Quikr. It is looking at investing in Internet companies and collaborating with them as another avenue of growth.
Latif Nathani, managing director, eBay India, said the company has signed a commercial agreement with Snapdeal for complementary sales or sharing each other’s supply and is exploring other areas of co-operation. About acquisitions, he said: “Since India is a strategic market, we may think of something in the future. We are an acquisition-friendly company. We look at interesting technology companies.”
Amid the din of the high-decibel tri-cornered e-commerce war among Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon, the presence of eBay, despite being the longest surviving player, seems quiet. However, Nathani dismissed such suggestions.
“The e-commerce market in India grows at 55-60%. We are growing faster than that,” Nathani said. However, he did not share details about eBay’s sales volume in India. “India is an extremely important market for us. It is a long-term market and we are here to build a long-term healthy profitable business.”
About being less visible compared to its aggressive competitors, Nathani said: “We are a publicly-listed company in the US. We are not looking for any kind of event like an IPO (initial public offer) or acquisition.”
“We do not have warehouses and do not operate logistics. Ours is a partnership centric model and we believe in our model,” he said.
More than 90% of eBay’s 50,000 sellers in India are retailers including major ones like Tata Croma, Gitanjali, Next Retail, and The Electronic Store.

Ex-Maruti exec Pareek to drive Tata Motors passenger vehiclesComments
Tata Motors on Monday announced appointment of Mayank Pareek as president of its passenger vehicle business unit.
Pareek will join the company from October 1 and will replace Ranjit Yadav, who will now head Tata Motors’ international business for passenger as well as commercial vehicles, the company said in a statement.
Pareek joins Tata Motors from Maruti Suzuki, where he was earlier the chief operating officer and headed the marketing sales functions. Hindustan Times was the first to report earlier this month that Pareek had put in his papers at the country’s largest passenger car maker and was likely to join Tata Motors.
“Pareek would be responsible for steering the passenger vehicle business. He will also be a member of the corporate steering committee. His extensive experience in the passenger car market will play a significant role in harnessing Tata Motors growth potential to help position the company as one of the leading passenger car manufacturers in India,” the company statement added.
His biggest task will be to revive Tata Motors’ fortunes in the domestic passenger car business. The company’s passenger vehicle sales so far this year (April-August) are down 21% at 44,724 units. Over the last three-four years, its sales and market share have plummeted. It has just launched the all new compact sedan Zest, which the company claims has had a good initial response. The all-new Bolt hatchback will be launched in the next few months.

Growth rate of 5.7% to 5.9% achievable  says MayaramGrowth rate of 5.7% to 5.9% achievable, says Mayaram
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 29, 2014
First Published: 23:38 IST(29/9/2014) | Last Updated: 23:40 IST(29/9/2014)
Comments
The government on Monday expressed confidence that a growth rate of 5.7% to 5.9% would be easily achievable during the current fiscal.
Speaking at a function organised by the Madras Chamber of Commerce & Industry in Chennai, finance secretary Arvind Mayaram said an outlook upgrade by ratings agency S&P from negative to stable reaffirms that the economy was in a much better condition than it was a year ago.
Mayaram said the economic conditions were becoming favourable for a cut in interest rates. “Conditions are becoming favourable for a more benign monetary policy going forward in this year,” he said ahead of the Reserve Bank’s monetary policy on Tuesday.
Mayaram said the indices in the first half of 2014-15 appear to be more robust, with the first quarter GDP growth at 5.7%, inflation easing and a healthier external account balance.
He also said that the investment data in September shows an uptick with a growth of 9.8% as against 6.7% in the year-ago period. He added that the fiscal deficit target of 4.1% for 2014-15 is achievable.
He said that he is confident that the steps taken by the government to destress projects and simplify decision-making will show increasingly better results in the coming quarters.
Foreign institutional investors’ net investment in India this year have reached $34.2 billion compared to $12.13 billion in the entire year of 2013, he said. On ease of doing business, he said that a revision of central government policies is underway, most of the action lies with the states.

Rupee loses 22 paise to end at 7-month low of 61.75 against dollarComments
The rupee on Tuesday lost 22 paise to end at almost seven-month low of 61.75 against the dollar as month-end demand for the US currency from oil importers weighed on the local unit.
Sluggish local equities after the Reserve Bank today kept key rates unchanged in its monetary policy and slowdown in foreign fund inflows put some pressure on the rupee, a forex dealer said.
The dollar index was sharply up by 0.60% against a basket of six major global units. It was also up against other Asian units.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market here, the domestic currency commenced lower at 61.60 from last close of 61.53.
It moved in a range of 61.82 and 61.55 before concluding at 61.75, a fall of 22 paise or 0.36% from its last close.
Yesterday, it had plunged by 38 paise or 0.62%. Last time the rupee settled at this level was on March 5 when ended at 61.75.
Meanwhile, the benchmark S&P BSE Sensex on Tuesday closed better by 33.40 points after surrendering early gains.
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) injected USD 37.70 million on Monday, as per Sebi data.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said: "Today range-bound local equities and the month-end dollar demand from oil importers forced the rupee to depreciate to 61.75. Also the dollar continues to trade high at USD 86.06 strongest level since July 2010 versus a basket of major currencies.
In forward market, premium dropped further on consistent receipts by exporters.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in February dipped to 193-195 paise from 203-205 paise previously.
Far-forward contracts maturing in August, 2015 also tumbled to 436-438 paise from 454-456 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 61.6135 and for the euro at 78.2060.
The rupee, however, recovered slightly against the pound to 99.91 from overnight close of 99.94 and also rebounded to 77.68 per euro from 78.16. It too edged up to 56.24 per 100 Japanese yen from 56.28.

Diesel price likely to be cut by Re 1/L  petrol by 1.75Comments
Diesel price is likely to be cut by about Re 1 per litre, the first reduction in rates in over five years, while petrol price may be slashed by Rs. 1.75.
State-owned oil firms are likely to announce reduction in rates, made possible because of softening in international oil rates, this evening, government and industry sources said.
Under-recovery or the difference between retail price and its imported cost was wiped out and there was an over-recovery of 35 paise a litre from September 16. This over-recovery is now about Re 1 a litre.
While the government had resisted the temptation to cut rates then, prices are likely to be reduced at the fortnightly review due on Tuesday.
Sources said oil ministry is of the view that while the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs (CCPA) had on January 17, 2013 allowed a monthly increase in diesel price of 40-50 paise per month to wipe out the under-recovery, it wasn't envisaged that there would be over-recovery.
It wants to reduce diesel price to protect state-owned oil companies' market share, which may be lost to private retailers who would be selling diesel in tandem with international prices.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan is believed to have already written to Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the emerging scenario. Also, it has written to the Election Commission seeking their concurrence for the price decrease in view of state assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana.
This would be the first reduction in diesel rates in over five years. Diesel rates were last cut on January 29, 2009 when they were reduced by Rs. 2 a litre to Rs. 30.86.
Since then rates have only increased as international oil prices climbed. Since January 2013, diesel prices have been raised by up to 50 paise a litre every month to eliminate under-recoveries.
Like diesel, state-owned oil companies had also not changed petrol rates on September 16 though it warranted a 54 paise increase as its benchmark gasoline rates had firmed up in international market.
This is perhaps the first time that retail prices in India are higher than global rates.

The Mary Kom legend gets biggerUpdated: October 2, 2014 00:40 IST
The Mary Kom legend gets bigger
Stan Rayan
Tweet
PTI/AP On Day 12, M.C. Mary Kom (left) popularly known as "Magnificent Mary' won the first boxing gold medal for India and (right) Tintu Luka, trained by P.T. Usha won the silver in the 800m, at the Asian Games in Incheon on Wednesday.
AP MAGNIFICENT MARY: Mary Kom is elated after being declared winner in the final of the women’s flyweight boxing event at the Asian Games on Wednesday.
SLIDESHOW
Summer Asian Games
A lot of things must have run in Mary Kom’s head as she watched Zhaina Shekerbekova gaining the edge after the first two rounds in the final at the Seonhak Gymnasium here on Wednesday.
Her three sons back home waiting for dear mother, the Commonwealth Games miss, the problems in the federation which was hurting boxers in a big way and above all, the legend of Mary Kom.
Zhaina was a fast mover, stronger too and try as she did, Mary could not time her punches properly in the first two rounds. She could not catch up with her opponent and at times, appeared to be just hitting air.
But Mary Kom was very determined in the next two rounds. “I caught up after that, it was a bit easier to connect my punches,” said the 31-year-old who took the flyweight title on a split decision and became the first Indian woman to win a boxing gold at the Asian Games.
The legend of Mary Kom had just got bigger.
“I’m very happy as this is my first competition after the Olympics,” said the country’s most celebrated boxer. “I’m a mother of three kids but still I wanted to dream. I focused on my training and all the sacrifice has brought me this.”
Just a couple of months ago, Mary was a very frustrated lady. The trials for the Asian Games had been postponed, the boxers were not properly informed and there was an anxious wait.
The London Olympics bronze winner was worried.
She had not been happy with the way the Commonwealth Games trials, where she lost to the young girl Pinky Jangra and missed the bus to Glasgow, were conducted. Pinky had won a bronze at Glasgow and wild thoughts ran in Mary’s mind… would she miss the Incheon bus too?
Will Pinky be favoured because she was a CWG medallist?
And after beating Pinky in the Asiad trials, Mary, who won a bronze at the last Games in Guangzhou four years ago, was hungry.
“I think the Commonwealth Games trial was not a fair one. But that made me more determined to prove myself here and bring the gold medal for my country,” said the former world champion.
Aiming for Rio
“This is a very precious medal because I’ve become the first Indian woman to win an Asiad boxing gold,” said Mary, who took up boxing in 2000.
“At Guangzhou, I got a bronze… I jumped over the silver and got the gold here.”
She now plans to focus on the world championship, also in Korea in November, and on qualifying for the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
“Also, I want to produce many more Mary Koms at my academy, I’ll be looking at that very seriously too,” she said.

IISc undergraduate scoresfull marks in GREUpdated: October 2, 2014 02:40 IST
IISc undergraduate scores full marks in GRE
K.C. Deepika
entrance examination
A student of the Indian Institute of Science (IISc) has managed to score full marks in the GRE (Graduate Record Examinations). Aditya Hebbar, who is in his fourth year of the first batch of the four-year Bachelor of Science (B.S.) programme of the premier institute, scored 340 on 340 in the September exam.
Having passed out of Sri Kumaran Children’s Home, Kanakapura Road, Mr. Hebbar opted to pursue pure sciences over other professional courses despite having qualified in the State-administered Common Entrance Test (CET) and the Joint Entrance Examination. He is majoring in Physics.
This was his first attempt at cracking the GRE. “I prepared for a month and did not take any additional coaching,” he said. Mr. Hebbar’s father is a businessman while his mother is a homemaker.
Students in the four-year course of the IISc study physics, chemistry, mathematics, biology and a few engineering subjects such as material science, electronics and computer science in the first three semesters after which they can choose to major in any subject.
GRE General Test scores are currently accepted by thousands of graduate-level schools worldwide. Mr. Hebbar is planning to take up the GRE Subject Test on October 25 in Physics. Each Subject Test is intended for students who have an undergraduate major or extensive background in one of the seven disciplines: Biochemistry, Cell and Molecular Biology; Biology; Chemistry; Literature in English; Mathematics; Physics and Psychology.
“I am thinking of applying for a Ph.D. in Physics in the U.S. The universities I am looking at are Cornell University, University of California, Santa Barbara; or Harvard University. My long-term goal is to do research in particle physics,” Mr. Hebbar said.

Rocket Internet shares slide on stock market debutThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

U.S. soybeans  corn revisit multiyear lows on record crop outlookOct 02, 2014, 04.07 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
U.S. soybeans, corn revisit multiyear lows on record crop outlook
U.S. soybeans, corn revisit multiyear lows on record crop outlook
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
U.S. soybeans, corn revisit multiyear lows on record crop outlook
U.S. soybeans, corn revisit multiyear lows on record crop outlook
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - U.S. soybean and corn futures resumed their downward trend on Thursday, as ongoing expectations for a record U.S. harvest weighed.
On the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, U.S. soybeans for November delivery traded at $9.1338 a bushel during U.S. morning hours, down 3.23 cents from a closing price of $9.1360 on Wednesday.
The November soybean contract hit a four-year low of $9.0400 a bushel on Wednesday.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture pegged September 1 stocks at just 92 million bushels in its quarterly report released earlier in the week, below expectations for 130 million.
The agency also raised its estimate for 2013 soybean production to 3.36 billion bushels, up 69.2 million bushels from the previous estimate.
Meanwhile, U.S. corn for December delivery traded at $3.1963 a bushel, 1.57 cents lower than Wednesday's settlement of $3.2120.
Corn prices fell to $3.1820 a bushel on Wednesday, a level not seen since September 2009.
The USDA said that U.S. corn stockpiles on September 1 were 1.236 billion bushels, above expectations for 1.191 billion and up from a forecast of 1.181 billion in September.
Elsewhere on the CBOT, U.S. wheat for December delivery tacked on 0.9 cents to trade at $4.8050 a bushel. Wheat prices slumped to a four-year low of $4.6620 on September 25.
The USDA said on Tuesday that domestic wheat supplies in storage rose to 1.914 billion bushels, above analysts' expectations of 1.894 billion bushels and up from 1.87 billion bushels last year.
Corn is the biggest U.S. crop, followed by soybeans, government figures show. Wheat was fourth, behind hay.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Forex - Dollar slips lower ahead of ECB  nonfarm payrollsOct 02, 2014, 03.30 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Forex - Dollar slips lower ahead of ECB, nonfarm payrolls
Forex - Dollar slips lower ahead of ECB, nonfarm payrolls
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Forex - Dollar slips lower ahead of ECB, nonfarm payrolls
Forex - Dollar slips lower ahead of ECB, nonfarm payrolls
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - The U.S. dollar slipped lower against a basket of other major currencies on Thursday, as investors eyed the European Central Bank's upcoming policy statement, as well as a highly anticipated report on U.S. employment due on Friday.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Copper futures fluctuate ahead of ECBOct 02, 2014, 02.40 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Copper futures fluctuate ahead of ECB
Copper futures fluctuate ahead of ECB
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Copper futures fluctuate ahead of ECB
Copper futures fluctuate ahead of ECB
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Copper futures swung between small gains and losses during European morning trade on Thursday, as investors remained cautious ahead of the European Central Bank's highly anticipated policy statement later in the day.
On the Comex division of the New York Mercantile Exchange, copper for December delivery traded at $3.038 a pound during European morning hours, up 0.2 cents from a closing price of $3.036 on Wednesday.
Futures were likely to find support at $3.000, the low from October 1, and resistance at $3.060, the high from September 30.
Market players are awaiting the European Central Bank's policy meeting later in the day for further details on the bank's plan to purchase asset-backed securities, first announced in September.
Investors also looked ahead to the release of the latest U.S. nonfarm payrolls report on Friday, for further indications on the strength of the recovery in the labor market.
Market analysts expect the data to show that the U.S. economy added 215,000 jobs in September, after a gain of 142,000 in August.
Gains were limited as appetite for growth-linked assets weakened after a slew of disappointing manufacturing reports on Wednesday showed that factory activity in the U.S. slowed more than expected last month, Germany's manufacturing sector slid into contraction territory for the first time in 14 months, while activity in China stalled.
Concerns over unrest in Hong Kong and a confirmed Ebola diagnosis in the U.S. also contributed to the risk-off mood.
Elsewhere on the Comex, gold for December delivery inched up $1.00 to trade at $1,216.50 a troy ounce, while silver for December delivery shed 7.1 cents to trade at $17.18 an ounce.
A strong U.S. nonfarm payrolls report was likely to add to speculation over when the Federal Reserve will begin to raise interest rates, while a weak number could boost gold by undermining the argument for an early rate hike.
Expectations that the Fed is growing closer to raising interest rates have boosted the dollar and weighed on precious metals in recent months.
A stronger U.S. dollar usually weighs on gold, as it dampens the metal's appeal as an alternative asset and makes dollar-priced commodities more expensive for holders of other currencies.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Ralph Nader s Plea to Billionairesreddit
We live in a world of tribalism.  We always have. The history of human warfare, of ethnic prejudice and of religious groupings are Exhibits A, B and C, respectively. Perhaps it is a misguided vestige of natural selection to hate and destroy the "other" tribe. And American politics is gravely infected with this human flaw, as the current groupings demonstrate. Yes, it is a real difference to want government less involved in our lives, or to regulate business more. Or to spend more or less on environmental protection. And we may disagree on taxes and whether we need to intervene in a foreign land.
But to a large extent we have divided up based on the usual tribal basis that "I call myself by this name, you call yourself by that name, you are evil, I am virtuous -- you must be defeated, humiliated, or eliminated -- at least as a tribal entity."   And the American media feeds these simplifications because of the bias to entertain.  We love a contest.  So the mischaracterization of the other tribe, and the beating on its evils and duplicity, has become the basis for a large part of media reporting.
What is interesting about American tribalism is the contrary nature of our very formation.  We are in our essence the confluence of many different traditional tribal groupings: by race, religion, place of origin.  Few nations in human history are a better example of this diversity. And it is also interesting that on individual issues, there is variety in points of view within our groupings -- views that often comport with parts of other allegedly contrary "enemy tribes."  Defense department spending?  Civil liberties?  Child investment? Conservation?  On these and many, many issues the views of conservative Republicans with civil liberty concerns and traditional Democratic liberals are much closer than to others in their own alleged groupings.
Ralph Nader has just released a book ("Unstoppable") looking at these underlying commonalities.  And then he adds something else.  Some folks are rich, very rich.  Yes, that means they are in the "2 percent tribe." But as with the tribal groupings above, it is not homogenous on real life issues.  The super-rich do not all want their incomprehensible wealth to go to heirs. They are often as concerned about their nation and other people throughout the world.  And they understand the concepts of fairness, and equality of opportunity, and the obligation to leave the world a better place for future generations. But they tend to waste their good intentions on endowing buildings and providing direct services. There is something gratifying about knowing you have gotten medicine into a vulnerable group that will prevent deaths. The joy of seeing that spoon of porridge going into the mouth of a hungry child with distended belly, and knowing "I did that."
So Nader is asking two questions.  First, he is listing 25 issues upon which they might agree with others in other tribes and asking "why not support this?"  Second, he is asking that they consider not just the direct gift, but some attention to systemic change that inhibits the paralysis, that leads to more public decisions on the merits. He is appealing to an admirable human ethical idea -- advancing a group you are not a part of. Adults today do that rarely. Almost all openly proselytize for their own grouping, whatever it is. As a result, children and investment in their future is low in public policy influence.
These wealthy people are not necessarily tied into a system that makes public policy based on wealth.  And most of them well know that the corporate interest in maximizing return on existing capital -- which is the fiduciary duty of corporations -- is not the ideal determinant.  That corporate duty is at variance with the interests of the diffuse and the future, e.g., the interests of children and their children. And the concern over legacy should lead the super wealthy to want to leave behind a system that gives weight to long-term effects of human activity.
Look at the nature of Nader's 25 "proposed redirections." They include: require the Department of Defense to be audited annually, look carefully at businesses seeking government handouts (not just at fraud by social welfare recipients), and adjust the minimum wage to inflation. The idea behind the last is not to increase anything, it is to change in either direction by considered decision.
The list includes breaking up the big banks. And antitrust enforcement is at base a very conservative concept -- we want more market reliance and less government regulation -- so let's create a market that so functions without it. He advises support for direct democracy and for community self-reliance -- principles of federalism basic to conservatives.  He would allow our courts to enforce the law where millions are victims through a reasonable class mechanism, and to include in that enforcement white collar crime.  He suggests clearing obstacles to a more competitive electoral system -- including possible choices beyond just the candidates of two parties. He adds the rejection of patents for "life forms."  And he includes environmental responsibility, and effective, efficient widespread health care. Perhaps most important, is his rejection that a "corporation" [a state created "person" charged with maximum return on investment] is equivalent to a real "person" in political status. These are all, in essence, conservative ideas.
Will the billionaires listen? Well for those who earned their wealth through brilliant achievement, it would seem that such natural selection should commend it. If they were effective in producing things we need and in leading us in the marketplace, they should be smart enough to apply their core values effectively to this end product -- what they might actually leave behind that might become more profound gifts than their laudable ideas and products while among us.
More:

Kallis stars in KKR s maiden entry into CLT20 finalUpdated: October 3, 2014 00:53 IST
Kallis stars in KKR's maiden entry into CLT20 final
V V Subrahmanyam
The Hindu Jacques Kallis added 63 runs for the third wicket with Manish Pandey. Photo: K. Ramesh Babu
TOPICS
Twenty20
Gautam Gambhir may have failed again with the bat in this edition of the Oppo Champions League T-20 tournament, but he can take pride in guiding Kolkata Knight Riders into the final with an emphatic, seven-wicket win over Hobart Hurricanes under lights at Rajiv Gandhi Stadium.
Chasing a modest target of 141, KKR lost captain Gambhir and his opening partner Robin Uthappa cheaply. It was the experience of Jacques Kallis and the flamboyance of Manish Pandey, which was good enough to thwart any hopes Hurricanes might have had of storming back into the game.
Pandey was once again in a belligerent mood treating the bowlers with disdain and in a way pushed the rivals on the defensive in quick time on a perfect batting strip. When he departed, it was the turn of Kallis to hold one end up and ensure that KKR romped home.
Earlier, Shoaib Malik’s brilliant, controlled aggression saw Hobart Hurricanes post a respectable 140 for six as the former Pakistan captain looked the only batsman, other than opener Ben Dunk, to be comfortable against the spin-oriented KKR attack.
Malik picked the highly rated left-arm spinner Kuldeep Yadav for special treatment, scoring 21 runs including two fours and two sixes in his fourth and the innings’ 19th over.
The others once again found the KKR spinners too good to handle even though Piyush Chawla, who was also roughly treated by Malik, was the most expensive of all. As was the feature right through this edition, the slow bowlers struck at regular intervals with Yusuf Pathan definitely lucky to get an LBW verdict against the dangerous Aiden Blizzard (0) as television replays showed an inside edge as he went back to one that straightened off the pitch. This happened right after a brilliant return catch by Andre Russell saw opener Dominic Michael dismissed for a duck.
The scores:
Hobart Hurricanes innings:
Ben Dunk c Gambhir b Kuldeep 39 (29b, 4 x 4, 1 x 6), Dominic Michael c & b Russell 0 (6b), Aiden Blizzard lbw b Pathan 0 (1b), Shoaib Malik not out 66 (46b, 4 x 4, 4 x 6), Travis Birt c ten Doeschate b Narine 13 (23b), Jonathan Wells b Chawla 3 (6b), Evan Gulbis run out (Pandey) 15 (8b, 2 x 4), Ben Hilfenhaus not out 0 (1lb).
Extras: (b-1, w-1, w-2) 4
Total: (for six wickets in 20 overs) 140.
Fall of wickets: 1-4 (Michael), 2-13 (Blizzard), 3-46 (Dunk), 4-77 (Birt), 5-91 (Wells), 6-134 (Gilbis),
Kolkata Knight Riders bowling: Yusuf Pathan 4-0-24-1, Andre Russell 4-0-24-1, Sunil Narine 4-0-24-1, Kuldeep Yadav 4-0-31-1, Piyush Chawla 4-0-35-1.
Kolkata Knight Riders innings:
Robin Uthappa b Doherty 17 (21b, 3 x 4), Gautam Gambhir c Wells b Bollinger 4 (11b), Jacques Kallis not out 54 (40b, 4 x 4, 1 x 6), Manish Pandey c Malik b Laughlin 40 (32b, 6 x 4, 1 x 6), Yusuf Pathan not out 14 (13b, 1 x 4).
Extras: (nb-2, w-10) 12.
Total: (for three wickets in 19.1 overs) 141.
Fall of wickets: 1-20 (Gambhir), 2-44 (Uthappa), 3-107 (Pandey).
Hobart Hurricanes bowling: Ben Hilfenhaus 4-0-28-0, Doug Bollinger 3.1-0-26-1, Xavier Doherty 4-0-28-1, Evan Gulbis 4-0-23-0, Ben Laughlin 4-0-36-1.
Man of the match: Jacques Kallis.
Toss: Hobart Hurricanes.

Investors Make Big Gains from Four New Listings this FiscalThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Women should not trouble others by wearing jeans: Singer K J YesudasK J Yesudas was speaking at an event in Thiruvananthapuramm.
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 2, 2014 8:31 pm | Updated: October 4, 2014 9:20 pm
 
Legendary singer K J Yesudas on Thursday landed in a controversy after he said women should not trouble others by wearing jeans.
The Kerala-born singer, who has been conferred with the honours like Padma Sri and Padma Vibhushan, said when women wear jeans, others are forced to look beyond that (jeans). Yesudas was inaugurating cleanliness drive under Swachh Bharat Campaign at Swathi Tirunal Music College in Thiruvananthapuram.
“What should be covered must be covered. Our culture involves the beauty which should be covered. Women should not trouble others by wearing jeans. When they put on jeans, men are tempted to look beyond that (jeans),” he said. “Women’s beauty lies in their modesty. They should not try to become like men. They should not force others to do unnecessary things by wearing jeans, which would give them magnetism,” Yesudas added.
Yesudas’ comments drew flak from various organisations. Mahila Congress state president Bindu Krishna said the singer should recall his anti-woman statements. “His comments are not fit for a civilized society,” said Krishna.
CPI (M) student and youth wings SFI and DYFI also blasted Yesudas, who is known as celestial singer. According to them his comments gave an impression that women were targeted due to the style of their dress.
See the video. (Malayalam audio)

Maharashtra polls: Congress releases manifesto  promises Rs 500 cr drought fund13
0
Mumbai: The Congress on Thursday released its manifesto for the Maharashtra assembly polls, promising increased income limit for beneficiaries of a health scheme from Rs 1.5 lakh to Rs 2.5 lakh, besides police stations for women as well as elimination of manual scavenging in the state.
Releasing the manifesto which was prepared by a committee headed by former Union Home Minister Sushil Kumar Shinde, former Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan told reporters here that the income limit for beneficiaries under the popular Rajiv Gandhi Jeevandayi Health Scheme would be raised to Rs 2.5 lakh.
The Congress manifesto also promised that five per cent of the annual budget under the special component plan would be earmarked for the welfare of nomadic tribes and denotified tribes, he said.
The Congress manifesto said that farmers in the state would be supplied electricity for eight hours during day time and ten hours at night.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #congress #congress manifesto
He said that a permanent provision of Rs 500 crore for a "drought fund" would be made for drought prone districts. The Congress manifesto said that farmers in the state would be supplied electricity for eight hours during day time and ten hours at night.
"If a crop is lost to the extent of 60 per cent, its damage will be treated as 100 per cent," the manifesto said. A separate television channel named 'Krishi Darshan' would be launched to inform farmers about modern agricultural technology, various government schemes and success stories of farmers, the manifesto said.
Mango and cashew nut boards would be established for the benefit of farmers of these crops and subsidy would be provided through the board, it said. The manifesto said that restriction on marketing agriculture produce would be removed.
The Congress has promised fast track courts to implement the Prevention of Atrocities Act.
The Congress manifesto has promised to ensure that Maharashtra state's gross domestic product (GDP) would grow at a rate of 10 per cent per annum. All minor and medium irrigation projects would be completed and a massive water conservation campaign would be initiated in the state, the manifesto said.
The party has vowed to ensure that the state's first rank as the most industrialised state would be maintained. A network of minor, small and medium industries would be created to maximise job opportunities and employment would be generated through horticulture processing as well as agri-processing units, the manifesto said.
The party has promised good quality,  ob-oriented vocational and technical education.
Financial help to construct houses would be raised from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 2 lakh, the manifesto said. The Congress manifesto has also promised formation of the Shamrao Peje Financial Development Board for the welfare of
the Kunbi community.
It has assured "all-inclusive progress" and development of the fishing community. The age limit of senior citizens would be brought down
from 65 years to 60 years and old age pension would be raised from Rs 600 to Rs 1,000, the manifesto said.
A proposal would be sent to the Centre to increase the amount of monthly minimum wage and that of the annual bonus to Rs 12,000 as well as calculate gratuity for a period of 30 years, instead of the current 15 days, the manifesto said.
The Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (MHADA) would construct one lakh houses in the next five years and flats of 500 square feet would be provided under the Dharavi and Bombay Development Department (BDD) chawl redevelopment schemes, the manifesto said.
The party has also promised a one-time financial help of Rs 25,000 for maid servants after the age of 55 years.
4

Tips for getting to Nationals playoff gamesBy Robert Thomson October 2 Follow @RT_Thomson
[This post has been updated.]
The Nationals and Giants are now set to start their playoff in Nationals Park at 3:07 p.m. Friday and 5:37 p.m. Saturday. Unless the teams make baseball history, fans won’t have to worry about making it to Metrorail after those games. On Friday and Saturday nights, the rail system is open till 3 a.m.
Expect big crowds along Half Street SE near the centerfield gates. (Photos by Robert Thomson – The Washington Post)
The first chance to have the extra service financed by American University could come if a game 5 is necessary next Thursday, when Metrorail normally would close at midnight. (No potential start time for that game has been announced.)
Here are some tips for getting to and from the Friday and Saturday games — and beyond.
Metrorail
The Green Line’s Navy Yard station is closest to the ballpark. The train platform is likely to be very crowded before and after games. The Half Street SE exit is the nearest to the stadium and has the most escalator capacity. The Half Street side is likely to have a long line after games, consider walking east and across M Street SE to the station entrance at New Jersey Avenue.
This is playoff baseball, the weekend games are sold out, and fans are likely to stay till the ends of the games. So the post-game crowding at the Half Street entrance is likely to be significant. Metro does a good job managing the crowd at this station, but that’s sometimes done by temporarily shutting off the escalators or halting entries till the platform crowd clears.
Plenty of bus and bike options on M Street SE near the stadium.
To reach the Green Line, many fans switch train lines at Fort Totten, L’Enfant Plaza and Gallery Place. The latter two stations will be crowded before and after games. Gallery Place can be especially difficult after games for fans switching to the Red Line toward Shady Grove. Fans heading for a Red Line destination on the eastern side of the line might be better off skipping the transfer at Gallery Place and instead continuing north on the Green Line to Fort Totten, even if that means traveling one or two stations back toward downtown on the Red Line.
Fans heading toward Alexandria or Springfield after games can change to the Yellow Line at L’Enfant Plaza. But they might be better off staying on the Green Line for one more stop and making their switch at Archives. It probably will be less crowded, and it has a center platform, so transferring riders can just walk across to their Yellow Line trains.
This is the first playoff with the five new Silver Line stations open. The big garage at the Wiehle Avenue-Reston East station already is popular with commuters, but it should have enough room for fans on the lower levels when they arrive for the Friday afternoon game. Normal parking charges are in effect on weekdays, but on weekends, parking in the Fairfax County part of the garage is free. Fans also can park in the privately operated garage, marked by a blue X, but that garage charges on weekends, so be careful which entrance you pick.
Using buses
These Metrobus routes serve Nationals Park: 74, A42, A46, A48, P6, V7, V8 and V9. Find maps and schedules on the Metro Web site.
Be sure to read rules at street parking kiosks.
Also, the District operates a Circulator bus route linking the Navy Yard station, the Eastern Market station and Union Station. The Circulator’s service hours are extended when the Nationals play. The fare is $1, and buses are scheduled to operate every 10 minutes. See route details on the Circulator Web site.
Driving
Before and after games, traffic is slow in the blocks around South Capitol and M streets, on the Southeast-Southwest Freeway and on the 14th Street, Douglass and 11th Street bridges. For your GPS calculations, the address for Nationals Park is 1500 South Capitol St. SE, Washington, D.C.
The parking lots and garages are north and east of Nationals Park. Prices at the official lots vary with the distance from the stadium. See more parking details and a map on the National’s Web site.
Taxi
After the game, cabs will be at the taxi stand on the north side of M Street SE between South Capitol and Half streets SE. Taxis can pick up riders there beginning about two hours after the first pitch and continuing till a half-hour after the game ends.
People with disabilities
[This section updated to correct drop-off point.] Passengers can be dropped off along First Street SE
or along South Capitol Street
. After games, passengers can be picked up along South Capitol Street between O and P streets. Watch for signs marking designated areas.
Some accessible parking is available for single games in garages B and C. Fans must have valid disabled parking placards or license plates, as well as their single-game parking pass purchased from the Nationals.
MetroAccess drops off and picks up its passengers at the corner of New Jersey Avenue and M Street SE.
Biking
More than 250 bike racks are located around Nationals Park, and a free bike valet service is available in Garage C at N and First streets SE.
Fans can use the bike valet at Garage C.
Capital Bikeshare has three stations close to the stadium and several others within walking distance. See this page on the Capital Bikeshare Web site for a map.
[Update] Capital Bikeshare will have a bike corral at the Bikeshare station located at First and N streets during every home playoff game, so Bikeshare members won’t have to worry about being crowded out of the docks. Corrals will open an hour before game time and close half an hour after the game ends. (Thanks to Bikeshare fans for pointing out this additional service.)
Walking
If you’re heading from downtown, the Mall or Capitol Hill, it’s downhill toward the Anacostia River. Here are some possible routes:
From L’Enfant Plaza, walk south on Seventh Street, go left on I Street and continue south on Sixth Street to M Street SW. Turn left and walk to South Capitol Street.
From Federal Center SW, come down Third Street, turn right on E Street, left down Fourth Street, left on I Street to a right on Third Street, then a left on M Street SW.
From the Capitol area, walkers can proceed down South Capitol Street, but the better route is down New Jersey Avenue to M Street SE.
From Eastern Market, walk south on Eighth Street and make a right on M Street SE.
River taxi
Fans can get to Nationals Park by water. The Potomac Riverboat Company plans to operate a playoff service from Old Town Alexandria and National Harbor to a pier on the south side of the stadium along the Anacostia River. See details on the company’s Web site.
Forecast
The Capital Weather Gang is optimistic about hours when the games will be played, but stick with them for updates.
Robert Thomson is The Washington Post’s “Dr. Gridlock.” He answers travelers’ questions, listens to their complaints and shares their pain on the roads, trains and buses in the Washington region.

A weakening sense of smell could mean death is nearBy Rachel Feltman and Elahe Izadi October 2 Follow @rachelfeltman Follow @ElaheIzadi
Your nose knows for whom the bell tolls. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren)
Smelly socks have never seemed so life-affirming. According to a study published in PLOS ONE , olfactory dysfunction -- a weakening sense of smell -- is a strikingly good indicator of imminent death.
No, a bad sense of smell isn't fatal -- and it probably isn't the symptom of some insidious illness. But based on this new study, it seems that our noses may act as canaries in the coal mines of our bodies. When things are amiss, and systems are shutting down, the researchers suggest, our sense of smell might be one of the best outward indicators.
In the study, 3,005 adults aged 57 through 85 were surveyed and put through an odor identification test. Most of the participants were found to have a normal sense of smell, with 20 percent showing a moderately reduced sense of smell (they got two or three out of five scents right) and 3.5 percent only identifying one scent or less. Unsurprisingly, sense of smell declined with age.
Five years later, the researchers found that 430 of the original participants had died. Even when they adjusted their analysis to control for age, gender, socioeconomic status, race, and overall health, they found that those with mild to severe smell loss had been more likely to die. Those with severe loss of smell were four times more likely to have died than the superior sniffers.
Olfaction "is a really important brain function," said lead study author Jayant Pinto , associate professor at University of Chicago. While losing that sense has already been associated with diseases such as Alzheimer's and Parkinson's, Pinto and his colleagues found it to be a stronger predictor of mortality for older adults than heart failure or a cancer diagnosis.
It's true that there are some instances where a weakened sense of smell could actually contribute to risk of death. A decreased sense of smell leads to loss of appetite, which could be dangerous in someone whose health is on the decline. A poor sense of smell also leaves the elderly vulnerable to gas leaks and other accidents.
But because this study didn't track down the exact cause of death of each individual, the researchers can't make these kind of connections. And it's more likely that the subjects' sense of smell was just an indicator of declining health.
"We don't believe it's a causal question here. We believe this is an indication that whatever is causing olfaction decline is causing overall health to decline," Pinto said. The olfactory system has self-regenerating stem cells, he said, so its decline may indicate a larger failure of the body to repair itself.
Scent tests could prove to be a quick and cheap way of keeping tabs on overall health in the elderly. But even people in their prime should take note of their noses.
Pinto said he hopes the findings will cause people to rethink just how important their sense of smell is, especially since testing for olfactory loss is simple and cheap."Sense of smell is an under-appreciated sense," Pinto said. "It's not something that's in the medical consciousness or even the public consciousness."
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

Singer Yesudas triggers row by asking women not to wear jeans'Women in jeans against Indian culture'
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Thiruvananthapuram, October 02, 2014
First Published: 20:18 IST(2/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:42 IST(3/10/2014)
Comments
Veteran playback singer KJ Yesudas stirred a hornet’s nest on Thursday saying women should not ape men blindly and not attract unwanted attention through their revealing dresses. He also said  women should not cause trouble to others wearing dresses like jeans.
"Women should not cause trouble to others by wearing jeans....What should be covered should be covered," PTI quoted Yesudas as saying at a function organised by a voluntary organisation in connection with the Gandhi Jayanti celebrations in Thiruvananthapuram.
The 74-year-old singer, also a seven-time national award winner, said dresses like jeans was against Indian culture which really valued simplicity and grace as the greatest qualities of women.
“Once you wear revealing dress it provokes others.  So it should be ideal to wear attire that suits our culture,” he said.
His latest remark invited sharp criticism from many quarters and women activists have asked him to withdraw it immediately and tender an apology. Yesudas is known for taking bold position on key social issues, but his latest remark has shocked many.
Mahila Congress workers held a march outside the state secretariat here demanding the singer to withdraw his statement.
Many left organisations also decried his statement.
Though a Christian by birth, Yesudas believes in all religions.
A regular at Sabarimala and Kollur Mookambika temple he sang some of the best Muslim devotional songs and associated with many charitable activities.

Lederhosen Report: Oktoberfest celebrations for Oct. 2-5This weekend's top Oktoberfest celebrations and happy hours. We also have separate guides to the area's best fall beer festivals and what German restaurants and bars are doing for Oktoberfest.
Revelers at the 2013 Mid-Atlantic Oktoberfest in Shirlington. (Photo courtesy of Capitol City Brewing Company)
Der Beste
Mid-Atlantic Oktoberfest
Capitol City Brewing Company 's annual beer festival in the streets of Shirlington marries Bavarian dancers and traditional German food with beers from more than 65 breweries. You'll find all the local and regional favorites (DC Brau, Flying Dog), up-and-coming breweries (Crooked Run, Corcoran, Old Bust Head), and heavy hitters (Hofbrau, Brooklyn, Great Lakes). The $30 fee for drinking includes a tasting glass and 10 tasting tickets; extra tickets are $1 each. It gets crowded – more than 9,000 people attended last year – and there are people whose goal is seemingly to drink as much as possible in six hours. But there's a reason this festival has been a destination for 15 years.
Saturday from noon to 7 p.m. (Taps close at 6 p.m.) The Village of Shirlington, 4001 Campbell Ave., Arlington. www.capcitybrew.com/oktoberfest14.php . Admission free; $30 for anyone drinking.
More Events
Fort Belvoir Oktoberfest
Fort Belvoir 's four-day Oktoberfest is a family-friendly celebration with carnival rides, a 10-kilometer volksmarch around the base, games and activities for children, a mix of German and Top 40 bands, a beer garden with German beers, food stands selling everything from schnitzel to barbecue, and an arts and crafts bazaar. (No wonder it takes four days.) Admission to the army base is free, though adults are required to have either state-issued drivers licenses or military ID cards.
Thursday from 6 to 10 p.m., Friday from 6 p.m. to midnight, Saturday from noon to midnight, and Sunday from noon to 8 p.m. Public entrance through Tulley Gate, 9500 Pohick Rd., Ft. Belvoir. www.belvoirmwr.com/Features/Oktoberfest . Free. All-access passes to carnival rides costs $15-$25 per day. Members of the military receive a discount on Sunday.
Autumnfest at Pizzeria Paradiso
All three branches of Pizzeria Paradiso will have special seasonal drafts Thursday through Sunday: Four pumpkin ales, four Oktoberfests and four harvest or fresh-hop ales. The selection differs at each location, so Alexandria 's the only one with Old Ox Oxtober Bier and Hardywood's RVA IPA, Dupont Circle has Hofstettner Hochzeitsbier von 1810, and Georgetown boasts Flying Dog Secret Stash Harvest Ale.
Thursday through Sunday at 3282 M St. NW; 2003 P St. NW; and 124 King St., Alexandria. Individual draft menus on www.eatyourpizza.com . Free admission.
Meridian Pint Oktoberfest
Permitting issues mean that Meridian Pint won't have its annual Oktoberfest block party this year, so they're throwing an Oktoberfest happy hour this Friday. From 4 to 7 p.m. on both levels of the bar, take $1 off a variety of Oktoberfest-style beers and 25 percent off appetizers. (Look for sausages, soft pretzels and the like.)
Friday from 4 to 7 p.m. Meridian Pint, 3400 11th St. NW. www.meridianpint.com . Free.
Eastport Oktoberfest
If you've been to an event in Eastport , the community located across Spa Creek from downtown Annapolis, you know they can be a little quirky: think tug-of-wars across the water, or a bridge-long 0.05K race. The Eastport Oktoberfest is a field day for adults: The main event is a relay race conducted while carrying steins full of beer (and trying not to spill), but there are also competitions in keg-tossing and stein-holding. Kids can participate in orange Kool-Aid races and try their hands at arts and crafts; bring your dog along to enter the "Best Dressed Dog" competition. There's a full beer garden, live music, and stands serving brats or freshly shucked oysters. (After all, this is Annapolis.)
Saturday from noon to 8 p.m. Eastport Democratic Club, 525 State St., Annapolis. www.oktoberfestedc.com . Free admission; registering a four-person team for the relay race is $100, with proceeds going to the Neurotherapy Research and Development Association.
Vienna Oktoberfest
This community festival has the expected beer garden, live German music and polka dance contests. It keeps the small-town vibe with demonstrations by local dance studios and martial arts students; food from local restaurants; a kids zone with fire trucks, a moon bounce and a rock-climbing wall; and performances by magicians and cover bands.
Saturday from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. Vienna Town Green, 144 Maple Ave. East, Vienna. www.viennaoktoberfest.org . Free.
Last call for Oktoberfest at Sauf Haus and Roofers Union
Oktoberfest comes to a halt in Munich on Sunday, and some local bars and restaurants will also wrap up their celebrations. (Not all, though: Biergarten Haus and the Old Stein are among the places that will keep partying through the end of the month; see the story about restaurant and bar Oktoberfests for more information.)
On Saturday, wear your best lederhosen or dirndl to  Sauf Haus  for a costume party with live German music, door prizes and the finals of the bar's ongoing stein-hosting competition. (If you think you can hold a full stein longer than anyone else, there are last-chance qualifiers on Thursday and Friday evenings at the bar.)
Saturday at noon. Sauf Haus, 1216 18th St. NW. www.saufhausdc.com . Free.
Sunday brings the end of Oktoberfest at Roofers Union , and the SausageFest features an all-you-can-eat buffet with brats, jagdwurst and chicken sausage, pretzel rolls, sauerkraut, potato salads and fixins. Tickets include five Oktoberfest beers and entry into a raffle for glass boots and steins.
Sunday from 6 to 11:30 p.m. Roofers Union, 2446 18th St. NW. www.roofersuniondc.com . $45.
Fritz Hahn has covered bars, drinks and nightlife for the Washington Post Weekend Section since 2003, but he also writes about everything from Civil War battlefields to sailing classes. You can find him on Twitter and Instagram .

Rachel Feltman and Elahe IzadiHow parental leave has changed and how attitudes have shifted recently.
Nov 14, 2014
What the drop in marriage rates tells us about the shifting role of marriage in this country.
Nov 14, 2014
The suspected shooter was captured last month after remaining on the run for seven weeks.
Nov 13, 2014
If the Florida execution is carried out as scheduled, the country won’t match a two-decade low in executions in one year.
Nov 13, 2014
A harsh report outlined a series of missteps involving investigations into sexual assaults and injured children.
Nov 13, 2014
Americans are not particularly confident in their social media sites.
Nov 13, 2014
The hospital has agreed to pay an undisclosed sum and set up a charitable fund benefiting Ebola victims in West Africa.
Nov 12, 2014
The magazine about time is tired of celebrities being asked about feminism, apparently.
Nov 12, 2014
The grand jury’s decision is expected this month.
Nov 11, 2014
The lava had been gradually moving since June.
Nov 11, 2014
Load More
About
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation , a destination for breaking news, developing stories and quick analysis of events around the country. A Florida native, Mark has been with The Post since 2007. He encourages you to follow him on Twitter (@markberman), but only if you feel like it.
Most Read

Swachh Bharat  mission inspired by patriotism and is beyond politics: Narendra Modi37
0
New Delhi: Wielding the broom himself, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday launched 'Clean India' campaign joined by chief ministers, lawmakers, prominent personalities from various fields along with lakhs of countrymen in a drive that is expected to cost nearly Rs 2 lakh crore.
Asserting that "Swachh Bharat" mission is "beyond politics" and inspired by "patriotism", he invoked Mahatma Gandhi's vision of a "clean and developed" India as he formally kicked off the five-year-long campaign, which will cover 4,041 statutory towns, on the 145th birth anniversary of the Father of the Nation.
The tech-savvy Modi even launched his own version of ALS ice bucket challenge, nominating nine eminent personalities including Sachin Tendulkar, Congress leader Shashi Tharoor, industrialist Anil Ambani along with several actors like Salman Khan, Priyanka Chopra and Kamal Hassan to spread awareness on the issue and asked them to continue the chain.
Asserting that 'Swachh Bharat' mission is 'beyond politics' and inspired by 'patriotism', Modi invoked Mahatma Gandhi's vision of a 'clean and developed' India.
#narendra modi #swachh bharat #clean india #mahatma gandhi
At a function at Rajpath here, Modi administered a pledge to people to make India clean, but not before himself sweeping the pavement in Valmiki Basti, a colony of sanitation workers here.
President Pranab Mukherjee launched the campaign at Kirnahar Shib Chandra High School, where he studied, in West Bengal, and said every Indian should devote two hours daily or at least 100 hours annually in cleanliness drive.
It is for the first time government employees from the level of peons to Secretary were called to the office on 'Gandhi Jayanti', which is a national holiday, to be part of the 'Clean India' campaign. There are about 31 lakh central government employees across the country.
In the states too, the event was marked by fervour and symbolism as the Chief Ministers and Governors started the drive by administering the pledge and joined students and common people in cleaning public buildings, parks, schools, railway platforms and roads.
Union Minister Nitin Gadkari announced that Rs 20 lakh per annum will be allocated to each village panchayat for the Clean India campaign. While the Urban Development Ministry will allocate Rs 62,000 crore for cleaning towns across the country, the Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation will spend Rs 1 lakh 34 thousand crores for the programme.
Debunking criticism that his government has been taking credit for every achievement, the Prime Minister acknowledged the efforts of all previous governments to make India clean and even went on to praise Congress' front outfit Seva Dal.
"I am not talking politics...this is beyond politics. This is inspired my patriotism not politics. We do not have to do with an eye on politics...I say that with a clean heart... If we paint this again with a brush of politics, we will again do a disservice to mother India.
"All the governments in this country have made one or the other effort to do this work. Several political, social and cultural organisations have made efforts in this direction. I greet all those, who have worked," Modi said. Recalling that he had congratulated all governments even from the ramparts of Red Fort, Modi said,"even today from this stage, I greet and salute all the governments--central, state and municipal, social organisations which have worked in this direction, whether they are leaders from Sarvodaya or workers of Seva Dal. I launch this programme with their blessings."
The Prime Minister stressed on the need to refrain from making political barbs on the issue. "Everybody before us has worked for it. Under Mahatma Gandhi's leadership, the Congress had led it...Who was successful, who was not. Let us not get into it who has done it, who has not. We should work responsibly," he said.
Reacting to it, Congress said Swachh Bharat is "clearly a good thing" but cautioned that "it should not remain a mere photo opportunity" and added that "apprehensions are that it may become symbolic".
"This is basically a programme given by Mahatma Gandhi, which the Congress has always been doing. The government and the Prime Minister himself accepted that Congress Seva Dal has always been doing this. He has appreciated Congress leaders...," Congress leader Rajiv Shukla said.
"I request the Prime Minister that he ensures that the drive continues. It's not that it should be there only for one, two or three days. Apprehensions are that it may become symbolic."
He also said that Mahatma Gandhi should be accepted in totality and not in piecemeal. "Not that we accept certain aspects of Gandhi and defy others...," he said.
Administering a pledge to people to make India clean, Modi said that this task is not the responsibility only of safai karamcharis (sanitation workers) or the government but of all the 125 crore Indians. He said that today's campaign should not be seen as a mere photo opportunity.The Prime Minister said that he is aware that the criticism of this programme will begin in just a few days but said he is prepared for this exuding confidence that the countrymen will not let him down.
The Cabinet had last month decided to merge the 'Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan', a campaign for rural sanitation with Swachh Bharat Mission.
Modi also announced start of a campaign on cleanliness through social media using his website MyGov.in and others, including one dedicated especially to it. He asked the nine personalities invited by him to "come to public places and work towards a Clean India" to nominate nine more people to join the campaign and hoped that the chain would continue and turn into a people's movement.
Among those nominated by the PM are actors Salman Khan, Priyanka Chopra and Kamal Hassan, industrialist Anil Ambani, Goa Governor Mridula Sinha and Congress leader Shashi Tharoor, yoga guru Ramdev and the team of TV serial "Tarak Mehta Ka Ulta Chashma".
Modi highlighted the Father of the Nation's thrust on cleanliness and said the country must realise his unfulfilled dream of a clean India on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019. "Mahatma Gandhi dreamt of an India which was not only free but also clean and developed. Mahatma Gandhi secured freedom for Mother India. Now it is our duty to serve Mother India by keeping the country neat and clean," said the first lines of the pledge.
The pledge further takes the promise from every individual to remain committed to cleanliness and devote time for this. "I will devote 100 hours per year -- that is two hours per week -- to voluntary work for cleanliness. I will neither litter nor let others litter.
"I will initiate the quest for cleanliness with myself, my family, my locality, my village and my work place. I believe that the countries of the world that appear clean are so because their citizens don't indulge in littering nor do they allow it to happen. With this firm belief, I will propagate the message of Swachh Bharat Mission in villages and towns," reads the pledge.
It also exhorts all to encourage 100 other persons to take this pledge and endeavour to make them devote their 100 hours for cleanliness.
20

Jacques Kallis guides KKR to CLT20 finalKKR's Jack Kallis finally came to his own as he scored a match-winning knock of 54 runs. (Source: BCCI)
Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: October 2, 2014 10:18 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 12:32 am
Veteran Jacques Kallis brought his years of experience into play as he guided Kolkata Knight Riders to its maiden Oppo Champions League T20 final having comfortably beaten Australia’s Hobart Hurricanes by seven wickets in Hyderabad on Thursday .
Chasing a target of 141, Kallis anchored the chase to perfection with an invaluable unbeaten 54 as the reigning IPL champions knocked off the runs in 19.1 overs to win their record 14th match on trot.
Kallis added 63 runs for the third wicket with Manish Pandey, whose 32-ball-40 also proved to be priceless in the final context of the match.
Kallis on his part hit four boundaries and two sixes in his 40-ball innings.
The legendary all-rounder, who will be turning 39, finished the match with a mistimed pull-shot off Doug Bollinger, which went for a six as Ben Hilfenhaus, failed to
take a simple catch at deep backward square leg.
At the time of victory, Kallis had Yusuf Pathan (14 no) for company and the Baroda dasher showed maturity by not attempting any rash stroke during their 34 run unbroken stand.
It was the 13th over of the KKR innings turned out to be unlucky for the Hurricanes as Pandey going for an expansive drive was caught by glovesman Ben Dunk off Hilfenhaus.
However the TV replays showed that the bowler has overstepped and Pandey, then on 22, got a lifeline.
Pandey spanked the free-hit for a one-bounce four in the long-off region followed by a classic cover drive as KKR suddenly took control of the proceedings.
In the next over bowled by Bollinger, the Bangalore lad flicked the bowler for a six as the Hurricanes suddenly went off the boil.
Kallis, on the otherhand, played his customary game by rotating the strike but hit a few classy boundaries including one off his hips off Hilfenhaus.
He also showed his class as he came down the track to lift left-arm spinner Xavier Doherty for the first of his two sixes.
It was vintage Kallis at his best after KKR lost their skipper Gautam Gambhir (4) and Robin Uthappa (17) for 44 runs on the board.
Earlier, opting to bat, Hobart Hurricanes couldn’t make best use of the conditions as they managed only 140 for six in the stipulated 20 overs.
Most of the Hobart batsmen found it difficult against a disciplined KKR attack barring city’s son-in-law Shoaib Malik, who smashed an unbeaten 66 off 46 balls with four boundaries and an equal number of sixes. Opener Ben Dunk made the other significant contribution with 39 off 29 balls with four boundaries and a six.
Courtesy Malik, Hurricanes could post a reasonable total as he launched into young chinaman bowler Kuldeep Yadav, who was taken for 21 runs in the penultimate over. He hit Kuldeep for two huge sixes and a couple of boundaries.
It was last over of Kuldeep’s spell and he had brilliant figures of 30-10-1 to continued…
He also showed his class as he came down the track to lift left-arm spinner Xavier Doherty

Watch rare footage of the Senators beating the Giants in the 1924 World SeriesBy Dan Steinberg October 2 Follow @dcsportsbog
The Library of Congress recently found nearly perfectly preserved nitrate film of a "Kinograms" newsreel showing the Washington Senators winning the World Series over the New York Giants and fans storming the field at Griffith Stadium to celebrate. (Library of Congress)
When eight cans of nitrate film arrived at the Library of Congress in August, a staffer began a routine inspection to see what sort of physical condition the film was in. Without even watching the footage, she quickly noticed a headline screaming out from one of the newsreels: “SENATORS WIN WORLD SERIES,” it said. “40,000 frantic fans see American Leaguers take 12-inning deciding game, 4 to 3.”
And when archivists from the Library’s Packard Campus for Audio Visual Conservation watched the reel, they found nearly four minutes of footage from that 1924 World Series, footage that somehow had remained in nearly perfect condition for 90 years. Bucky Harris hitting a home run, Walter Johnson pitching four innings of scoreless relief, Muddy Ruel scoring the winning run , fans storming Griffith Stadium’s field: It was all there, and it was all glorious.
“You’ve got to understand: Nitrate film, sometimes it looks great, sometimes it doesn’t. We never know what we’re going to get,” said Mike Mashon, the head of the Library’s moving image section. “The fact that it looks so great is a miracle. It’s just a miracle.”
The back story is just as miraculous. The mother of one of Mashon’s Packard Campus colleagues was recently named the executor of an estate left behind by an older neighbor outside of Worcester, Mass. While preparing the house for sale, her family found these eight reels of film — “in the rafters of the detached and not climate-controlled garage, a space we archivists would not normally recommend for long term storage of motion picture film.” Mashon wrote in an e-mail.
That it was nitrate film made the process even more fraught with peril: Such film is flammable and degrades quickly, so archivists had faint hopes for the find. A friend at the Harvard Film Archive retrieved the reels and used a hazmat shipper to send the film to the Packard Campus in Culpeper; “they were in astonishingly good shape,” Mashon wrote.
The first newsreel wasn’t thrilling apart from the baseball footage; “famous dignitary visits local community,” and the like. Reels like these would have been shown in a theater for a few weeks at a time, before the next update was created, Mashon said. These reels dated from 1919 to 1926; archivists don’t know whom they belonged to, or how they wound up in a Massachusetts garage, or why they happened to remain in pristine condition for 90 years.
“If I knew that, believe me, I would share that with the rest of the archival community,” Mashon said with a laugh. “It’s always a crapshoot. And just at this particular time, that footage of the 1924 Senators shows up? I can’t make it up.”
Indeed, while footage of prior World Series exists, Library officials aren’t aware of any other clips from the 1924 clincher. And with Nats playoff fever building, they expedited their conservation of this particular reel, prepping and cleaning it to allow for digital transfer, creating a new 35 mm copy, and photochemically preserving the original, which should now be safe for hundreds of years.
[Read more about the preservation process, and more about the history of the reels, in this blog post written by Mashon .]
Composer and pianist Andrew Simpson — a professor at Catholic University (and a Nats fan) — agreed to provide a musical scoring for the silent film, and the final result is seen here: surely the best look at the 1924 World Series the vast majority of living baseball fans has ever seen.
“Absolutely this is the prize find,” Mashon said. “I don’t think there’s anything as spectacular on the rest of the reels. This is definitely the find of that batch.”
And the past few weeks have just made it better. The Nats’ season-closing hot streak has drawn ever more comparisons with that 1924 team . And now Washington will again be facing the Giants in the postseason, as they did in 1924.
“It just works out perfect,” Mashon said. “Of course I’ve read Shirley Povich’s account [of the clinching game], but just to see the crowd surge onto the field, I loved that. I just loved that. And I hope we get to recreate that in a few weeks.”
Dan Steinberg writes about all things D.C. sports at the D.C. Sports Bog.

Modi invites Tharoor; Congress downplays; Tharoor honouredComments
Even as the Congress downplayed Prime Minister Narendra Modi's invite to its spokesman Shashi Tharoor for the Swachh Bharat campaign, the Thiruvananthapuram MP said he was honoured to accept the invitation.
“Honoured to accept the invitation of PM @narendramodi to join Clean India campaign. Just landed in Bucharest &heard d news. Action on return,” he said in one of his tweets on the subject.
Honoured to accept the invitation of PM @narendramodi to join Clean India campaign. Just landed in Bucharest &heard d news. Action on return
— Shashi Tharoor (@ShashiTharoor) October 2, 2014
“Informed @PMOIndia I was on a flight to Romania to attend&address #BucharestForum when his announcement came. Back Sunday.Clean India is4all,” read his another tweet.
Informed @PMOIndia I was on a flight to Romania to attend&address #BucharestForum when his announcement came. Back Sunday.Clean India is4all
— Shashi Tharoor (@ShashiTharoor) October 2, 2014
Modi’s invite to Tharoor ruffled many feathers in the Congress with some leaders privately saying that the former union minister was “slowly moving closer” to the BJP.
Tharoor had earlier faced flak after he praised Modi in an article in a US news website in which he wrote that the PM was looking to turn himself from a “hate figure into an avatar of modernity and progress” and that it would be churlish not to acknowledge the change.
Senior leaders trained their guns at him for the controversial remarks. While Mani Shankar Aiyar called him “immature” and a “chameleon”, Digvijaya Singh advised him not to jump to conclusions.
Tharoor later clarified his statement by writing a letter to party’s communication department head Ajay Maken in which he made it clear that he stood committed to the organisation and the principles of secularism.
“By praising him for specific things, we help frame public expectation of his continued behaviour and raise the bar against which we will judge him in future,” he wrote.
On Thursday as well, Tharoor sought to clarify the matter. “I am not a fan of tokenism. CleanIndia is a great campaign but challenge will be2sustain it beyond a week of photo ops. Mindsets must change,” he tweeted.
Congress leader Rajiv Shukla maintained that there was noting to be surprised over the move. “That should not be the basis of any speculation about any individual. So I do not buy that. But at the same time I think that everybody should have been invited. Why only one or two individuals?” he asked.

Half of Tatkal tickets on 80 trains to be costlierOct 02, 2014 at 10:12pm IST
Half of Tatkal tickets on 80 trains to be costlier
48
1
New Delhi: Half of the Tatkal tickets on 80 trains have become costlier with the railways deciding to partially implement the dynamic fare system under which charges will depend on demand.
The decision, clearly aimed at mopping up more revenues by the cash-strapped railways, comes in the midst of festival season when there is a big rush of train travellers.
"It has been decided that 50 per cent of the existing Tatkal quota ticket shall be sold under dynamic fare scheme," said a senior Railway Ministry official today.
Half of the Tatkal tickets on 80 trains have become costlier with the railways deciding to partially implement the dynamic fare system under which charges will depend on demand.
#tatkal tickets #indian railways #tatkal quota
As per the scheme, 50 per cent of Tatkal quota tickets would be sold under the existing system and the subsequent 50 per cent under 'premium Tatkal' quota of dynamic pricing. It will mean more the demand, more the cost.
The 'Premium Tatkal Ticket' scheme will be applicable to 80 trains from October one and like Premium train, the scheme will be available online only.
Railway Board Member (Traffic) D P Pandey said, "The Premium Tatkal ticket scheme has been launched for 80 popular trains. All zones have been asked to identify five popular trains in their respective zone.
"We will see the response and then we will decide on extending the scheme to other trains."
He emphasised that only 50 per cent of the Tatkal tickets will be sold under the dynamic fare system while the rest will be sold on regular Tatkal fare basis.
There is tremendous rush for tickets during the festive season as passengers prefer to travel to their home towns for  celebrating Dusshera and Diwali.
However, railways has described the scheme as a preventive measure to deal with the menace of touts.
"There were reports of genuine passengers being fleeced by touts. This will help facilitating needy passengers to get tickets," the official said. The scheme, applicable on selected trains, will increase the prices of Tatkal tickets and as an end result the train fare.
27

Vishal Bharadwajs Haider is an important conversation about Kashmir that must take placeVishal Bhardwaj’s Haider shows the truth about Kashmir that India can’t wish away
Written by
Aseem Chhabra Aseem Chhabra writes on arts, entertainment, and social and political issues.
October 2, 2014
Few films portraying the harsh truths of Kashmir have reached India's mainstream audience.(Reuters/Danish Ismail)
SHARE
Aseem Chhabra Aseem Chhabra writes on arts, entertainment, and social and political issues.
October 2, 2014
Ashvin Kumar is an Oscar-nominated filmmaker. In 2010 he made a remarkable documentary—Inshallah, Football—tracing the story of a young soccer player in Srinagar who gets an invitation to travel to South America to play in a minor league. His passport application was rejected because his father was a former Kashmiri militant who was trained in Pakistan and later spent a few years in Indian prisons.
The Censor Board of Film Certification in India, then headed by Bollywood star Sharmila Tagore, gave Inshallah, Football an ‘A’ (adults only) certificate because the film carried references of the Indian army torturing the protagonist’s father. India does not have a tradition of documentaries playing in movie theatres and television does not show films that get an ‘A’ certificate during prime time. So according to Kumar, his film was virtually banned in India.
Fast forward four years and Vishal Bhardwaj—director, music composer and singer—makes Haider, his third instalment in his Shakespearian trilogy (Maqbool, (adapted from Macbeth) and Omkara (from Othello) were the first two). And he sets his version of Hamlet in Kashmir in 1995, when the insurgency in the state was at its peak.
Reports in India said that the censor board approved Haider after asking for 41 cuts and the film was given a U/A certificate (equivalent of PG 13 certificate given by the Motion Picture Association of America). It is hard to say what impact the film would have had if the censors had allowed the director’s cut of the film to pass, but Haider is a harrowing, powerful study of Kashmir in flames, seamlessly layered with the heart-wrenching saga of Hamlet.
And it helps that Bhardwaj joined hands with writer and journalist Basharat Peer, whose 2010 book Curfewed Night: A Frontline Memoir of Life, Love and War in Kashmir is considered one of the most authentic, personal narratives about the lives of Kashmiris during the insurgency.
There have been a few indie films that explored the Kashmir situation—Harud (the director of the film Aamir Bashir plays a supporting role in Haider), Zero Bridge and the least political of all, Valley of Saints, which won the audience award at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival. But despite festival runs in bigger cities, none of these films reached mainstream audience in India, although Harud had a small release. There was the 2000 Bollywood film Mission Kashmir. But that is mostly remembered for launching the career of Hrithik Roshan and its somewhat naïve take on the insurgency in Kashmir.
And so Haider with all the harsh truths of Kashmir is the first such Bollywood film to reach mainstream audience in India. It is remarkable that a studio like UTV—now partially owned by Disney—backed such a strong political film where there are many scenes of villagers being rounded up by the army, protesters demanding answers about the missing people and some very difficult torture scenes.
The next few days will reveal whether the Indian audience will accept Haider, go beyond the scenes of violence and also see it for its portrayal of the soulful dark tale of Hamlet. Already an anti-Haider campaign is building up on Twitter under the hashtag #BoycottHaider with people claiming the film is anti-India and anti-Indian army, and that it does not balance the story by also showing the plight of the Kashmiri Pandits. The hashtag is trending high in India.
In Bhardwaj’s defense, the film does mention the plight of the Pandits. And the real message of Haider is that revenge only leads to further revenge, and that the acts of violence must end.
The end credits of the film include a statement thanking the Indian army for rescuing hundreds of thousands of Kashmiris during last month’s floods that ravaged the valley. Another statement says that the situation has improved considerably in Kashmir—tourism is up and the film was mostly shot in the valley with many extras from the area.
All of this may not be enough to placate those opposed to the film. But Haider is an important and a brave film. If the Kashmir situation has to be resolved, Indian audiences need to see what happened in the state to the Kashmiri Muslims as well as to the Hindu Pandits. That conversation is essential for real peace in the state. Haider is only a start.
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

Sunil Narine reported for suspect illegal bowling action again  cannot bowl in CLT20 finalSunil Narine has been KKR's go to bowler over the past four seasons of the IPL. (Source: BCCI)
Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: October 2, 2014 11:38 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 11:45 pm
West Indies off-spinner Sunil Narine has been reported for a suspect illegal bowling action for the second time in the ongoing Champions League Twenty20 and he is set to be suspended from bowling in KKR’s final match in Bangalore on Saturday, according to reports.
ESPNcricinfo said that Narine was reported by the umpires after the first semi-final against Hobart Hurricanes here today. Narine took 1/24 in KKR’s seven-wicket win over Hurricanes.
“Kolkata Knight Riders’ Sunil Narine cannot bowl in the Champions League T20 final on Saturday, after he was reported for a second time in two matches for a suspect action,” a report in the ESPNcricinfo said.
“He was reported by the umpires after the semi-final against Hobart Hurricanes on Thursday, which Knight Riders had won by seven wickets. Earlier, he had been reported following their final group match, against Dolphins,” it said.
Former India all-rounder Ravi Shastri also said while commentating during the CLT20 second semifinals that Narine has been reported for the second time during the first semifinal between KKR and Hobart Hurricanes here today.
Narine has been reported by match officials for a suspected illegal bowling action following his side’s 36-run win over Dolphins in the CLT20 Group A match here on Monday.
Narine, under CLT20 guidelines, was placed on the tournament’s ‘warning list’ while allowing to play.
However, after his action was reported again today, he is set to be suspended from bowling for the remainder of the tournament.
HAFEEZ ALSO REPORTED
Pakistan’s spinning all-rounder Mohammad Hafeez today said he was surprised but not concerned after his bowling was reported in an Indian domestic tournament, adding he had no plans to modify his action.
The 33-year-old is key to Pakistan’s attack in their series against Australia which starts with a Twenty20 against Australia in Dubai on Sunday, particularly after the suspension of ace spinner Saeed Ajmal whose action was found to be illegal in testing last month.
The report by on-field umpires in the Indian tournament has no bearing on international cricket, but Pakistan coach Waqar Younis told AFP it would “shatter” the all-rounders confidence.
Hafeez, however, said he was unfazed. “I am surprised over my action being reported because I am bowling like this for the last 11 years,” he told AFP before departing for Dubai.
“I have played six major world events: two World Cups and three World Twenty20s and nobody had ever questioned my action, this is a big surprise for me,” he added.
The International Cricket Council began a crackdown on illegal bowling actions in June, deciding to strictly enforce its 15 degree limit on elbow flex — the point where a kink becomes visible to the naked eye.
The ICC suspended Sri Lanka’s Sachitra Senanayake and New Zealand’s Kane Williamson before Ajmal, while three more international bowlers have been reported and now face testing.

Pakistan national shot at by army troops  apprehended near LoCPrint
Express News Service | Jammu | Posted: October 2, 2014 11:10 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 8:07 am
A 50-year-old Pakistani national was shot at and later apprehended by army troops near the Line of Control in Pallanwala sector of Jammu and Kashmir on Wednesday night.
The army troops had opened fire when the infiltrator on being challenged tried to flee back to the side of Pakistan occupied Kashmir. He sustained two bullet shots in his legs.
Sources said that Pak currency worth Rs. 100 was seized from his possession. He appeared to be mentally upset and was unable to tell his name.
He was taken to the hospital for treatment and later handed over to the police by army troops.

http://usat.ly/1rAe6YUEMAIL
AP
Stock of young companies practically sells itself when the market is ripping. But it’s a tougher sell when the market sours.
It’s been a rip-roaring year for companies to sell stock to the public for the first time. So far this year, 212 companies successfully sold stock to the public for the first time, which is more than the 128 that did in all of 2012, says Renaissance Capital, which manages an IPO exchange-traded fund. The market’s strength his year gives the IPO market power.
But with the broad market rolling over, some wondering if that could chill the IPO market. The IPO sets its tempo to the broad market and relies on strong demand for new stock. Just two companies have set initial price ranges on their stock for next week, says Francis Gaskins of Equities.com. Compare that to this week, where eight companies have sold shares.
And on Wednesday, cloud storage company Box which filed for an IPO in March, indicated it is putting off its deal until at least 2015, reports Bloomberg citing people familiar with the matter.
Even so, it’s way too soon to pronounce the death of the strong IPO market, Gaskins says. Investors have been lukewarm on Box from the start. The company reported a loss of $169 million for the year ended in January, which was even greater than its revenue, Gaskins says. Meanwhile, companies like Microsoft are offering lower-cost storage offerings to consumers and business through OneDrive and Office 365.
And the IPO market remains strong. Just this week, six companies have successfully sold shares to the public despite the market’s volatility. One of the stocks, substance abuse center operator American Addiction, is up 28% Thursday from the initial price of $15 a share.
No companies have officially withdrawn IPO plans in October so far, Renaissance says. And the IPO pipeline continues to swell. So far, 300 companies have filed plans to sell shares to the public this year, which is 17% more than in all of 2013, Renaissance says. Two companies have filed IPO plans in October.
Furthermore, while appetite for tech stocks can be fickle, tech isn’t the biggest driver of the IPO market anyway. Health care IPOs have accounted for 31% of the IPOs the past 12 months, Renaissance says.
If anything, companies and their underwriters may pause before putting their price range on shares, Gaskins says, but not necessarily withdraw plans. That will give companies a chance to watch the market’s movement before committing.
“Filings may slow down a little bit,” Gaskins says. “But there’s a big backlog.”

Invest in a football player
Why 2014 isnt the year of the womanBy Nia-Malika Henderson October 2 Follow @niawapo
Brookings Institution
Given the number of women running in top-flight Senate races, one would think this could be a pretty good year for women in Congress.
But that's not quite the full picture.
What some have labeled the " Year of the Woman " is not turning out that way in terms of overall congressional candidates or nominees. While women will make up the majority of voters, as they typically do, the ballots and the winner's circle will be about as overwhelmingly white and male as it always is. More  men run; more men win.
Witness the above chart from the Brookings Institution. While women are about 25 percent of all candidates, according to a recent study , they are less than 20 percent of candidates for Congress this year, per Brookings.
The partisan gap in the chart above is especially notable, given that the GOP  has trumpeted its focus on closing the gender gap and recruiting women to run . As for why Republicans continue to lag among women, our colleagues over at the Monkey Cage suggest that the pool of eligible Republican women is simply smaller than the Democratic pool .
But what about not just how many women who run, but how many win their parties' nominations? The number of female nominees in 2014 (176) is actually down slightly from 2012 (181).
Yes, the GOP has made some gains this year, with 57 nominees, which is a high over the last 20 years. But at 119, there are still more than double the number of Democratic women nominees.
Nia-Malika Henderson is a political reporter for The Fix.

Beijing warns of  chaos  if Hong Kong protests persistThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Swachh Bharat  launch venue in Jammu vandalised  cancelledThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Paints and Varnishes in India to 2018: Market DatabookThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Stopping Ebola in its Tracksreddit
My father was born in Sierra Leone and my parents married there, so I've always felt a connection to that country, but never as strongly as in recent weeks as the Ebola virus has stormed through Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea, ravaging communities and taking innocent lives.
A few weeks ago, as Ebola slipped down the world's list of priorities, I woke up in the middle of the night knowing I had to do something, in whatever way I could, to help fight the spread of this virus. Unchecked, Ebola threatens to not only take more lives, but to destroy the fragile economic growth that West Africa, especially Sierra Leone, has experienced post-war. So I've spent the last two weeks meeting with NGO groups working to help those affected and with the United Nations officials who are coordinating the response, learning about what is needed and what I can do to help.
It is clear from the meetings I've had that Ebola isn't just a crisis, it is a human catastrophe and one that threatens to grow stronger and spread wider if the world doesn't act now.
At the UN last week, I was honored to meet with Secretary General Ban Ki-moon and Dr. Samura Kamara, Foreign Minister of Sierra Leone. During the UN High Level Meeting on Ebola, I listened to President Obama and other leaders urge the world to act. The danger of the situation couldn't have been clearer. World Bank President Jim Yong Kim is talking about a "potential meltdown" if the world doesn't do a lot more and quickly.
I was genuinely heartened as country after country offered their solidarity and support, and I'm pleased that tomorrow in the UK the development minister Justine Greening is hosting a global conference to raise additional funds and equipment to contain the outbreak in Sierra Leone. But these pledges are just the start of the process. We need to make sure that the leaders' words translate into action on the ground. Proper health services and professional care can dramatically improve chances of survival from this disease, which makes quick delivery of vital materials and personnel even more essential. Until there are more health care workers to fight the disease and more tools for them to fight it with, Ebola will continue to kill large numbers of people.
The most humbling moments for me this week were hearing about the bravery of the health care workers risking their own lives to fight the virus on the front lines. Imagine having to sit down to tell your family, your parents, your wife, your child that you're going to fight Ebola. That's bravery. These workers are heroes and we owe it to them to make sure they have all the equipment they need to help them to stop the spread of the virus. We also need to redouble our efforts to develop an effective vaccine. I know that there is some progress on this front, but it cannot come fast enough.
In the face of so many world problems, crises like the Ebola outbreak can seem hopeless, or far away, but this is a disease that can be stopped. If, like me, you want to do something to help, here are three areas in which we can all have an impact:
Ensure the politicians deliver on their promises to contain Ebola: with new government commitments last week the media's attention was on Ebola, but the cameras will soon move on. We can't let them. Not until this disease is contained. Delivery on the ground needs to happen quickly and we need every country to play their part. The ONE Campaign has launched a petition to world leaders demanding greater action against Ebola and they've gathered 125,000 signatures in just over a week. We've set a new goal of 200,000 to show that we are not going to let up until the doctors and nurses on the ground have what they need. Please join us by signing here .
Support the health care workers on the ground, and those organizations helping them: Ebola is not just killing people directly; it has also led to a spike in other dangerous diseases like typhoid and malaria as people stop going to hospitals, afraid they will catch Ebola. Health care workers have been attacked by people who fear they are spreading, not treating the virus. We must support education campaigns in the affected countries and strengthen the effectiveness of -- and trust in -- their health care systems. In the meantime, we need to get those on the frontlines the supplies they need to fight the disease. Please support the charities who I met with and heard from this week who are supporting the heroic health care workers on the ground: the International Rescue Committee , Médicins Sans Frontières and Save the Children .
Support the countries who are dealing with the virus for the longer term: We must stand with Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea not only as they fight Ebola now, but also in the longer term, as they build back their economies and strengthen their healthcare systems -- so that the next time an outbreak like Ebola happens, they have the skills and equipment to contain it before it rages out of control.
For me the fight against Ebola is a very personal one, but I know millions of people all over the world have been moved to want to help. We cannot leave the people of Sierra Leone and West Africa to suffer alone. We owe it to them as fellow human beings to ensure our leaders deliver on their promises, support the healthcare workers, and stop this virus in its tracks.
This post is part of a special series produced by The Huffington Post in recognition of the threats posed by Ebola, particularly to West Africa. To see all the posts in the series, read here .
More:

A big chunk of the worlds offline population actually lives in the U.S.By Caitlin Dewey October 1 Follow @caitlindewey
More than 2.7 billion people are now online, according to a new report by the consulting firm McKinsey & Co. But by all accounts, that number should be far greater.
The report, which analyzed 20 years of academic and government research on global Internet adoption, parsed trends in technology use and the factors that influence its growth — or stagnation. Ominously, the researchers found that Internet adoption has actually slowed in recent years and will continue slowing in the immediate future. Worse, the vast majority of the world’s “offline population” is concentrated in 20 countries. The United States, of all places, is one of them.
(McKinsey & Co.)
Admittedly, the United States contributes far fewer people to the global offline pool than do much larger countries, such as India and China, or even smaller, less developed countries, such as Nigeria. Still, it’s a striking reminder that problems of Internet access and adoption are by no means solved in this, the capital of tech innovation. It’s extra striking, given that the report was sponsored, in part, by Mark Zuckerberg’s Internet.org  — you know, the starry-eyed “global partnership” dedicated to bringing the riches of the Web to the deprived foreign masses.
A great deal of research has been dedicated to America’s offline population already, of course. We know that roughly 20 percent of Americans don’t use the Internet — and per the Commerce Department, almost half don’t really want to.
(McKinsey & C0.)
But McKinsey suggests the gap is about more that mere interest. While the United States, like Russia and South Korea, has a large population of people who just don’t care to go online — a preference that, frequently, relates to age — there are serious issues of affordability and infrastructure, too. America’s disconnected tend to be literate, low-income women living in rural areas, where Internet access is either difficult or expensive to come by. In fact, America’s Internet divide can be seen primarily as a class divide: 80 percent of the country’s offline population falls below the poverty line, the highest proportion in any other country except Mexico.
Take a minute to think about that, dear Internet-enabled reader: In the country with the world’s highest GDP, the country that brought you Google, Keyboard Cat and the iPhone, more than 50 million people do not have access to the Internet — often, though not always, because they can’t afford a computer, smartphone or data plan. To whit, the Pew Research Center estimates that roughly 99 percent of U.S. adults in high-income households use the Internet; meanwhile, in low-income households, only 77 percent do.
(McKinsey & Co.)
To be clear, these numbers are still pretty good, particularly relative to a country such as India, the host of Internet.org’s first summit — where only 15 percent of the population is online. But as McKinsey notes, based on raw numbers, a big chunk of the world’s offline population actually lives in developed countries — where they are easily, even casually, forgotten.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

http://usat.ly/1pGOrHuFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Paris Motor Show reveals new models
The Hyundai Intrado Concept car is displayed at the Paris Auto Show during a media day in Paris on Oct. 3.
Post to Facebook
Paris Motor Show reveals new models The Hyundai Intrado Concept car is displayed at the Paris Auto Show during a media day in Paris on Oct. 3. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1pimHcL
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Paris Motor Show reveals new models
The Hyundai Intrado Concept car is displayed at the Paris Auto Show during a media day in Paris on Oct. 3. 
Eric Piermont, AFP/Getty Images
French President Francois Hollande listens to Citroen CEO Linda Jackson, left, and PSA Peugeot Citroen CEO Carlos Tavares as he visits a media day at the Paris Auto Show. 
Miguel Medina, AFP/Getty Images
CEO of Renault-Nissan Carlos Ghosn listens as CEO of German automaker Daimler Dieter Zetsche addresses a joint news conference during the media preview at the Paris Auto Show. 
Eric Piermont, AFP/Getty Images
The Bentley MulsanneSpeed is displayed at the Paris Auto Show. 
Eric Piermont, AFP/Getty Images
The PGO Coastline is displayed at the Paris Auto Show. 
Eric Piermont, AFP/Getty Images
French Courb's electric C Zen car is displayed at the show. 
Eric Piermont, AFP/Getty Images
The Land Rover lineup is displayed at one of the entrances the Paris Auto Show. 
Miguel Medina, AFP/Getty Images
A Mercedes AMG GTS is presented during a media day at the Paris Auto Show. 
Joel Saget, AFP/Getty Images
The new Renault Espace is at the show. 
Joel Saget, AFP/Getty Images
The all-new Hyundai Genesis is displayed at the auto show. 
Joel Saget, AFP/Getty Images
The new Dacia Lodgy Stepway car is displayed at the show. 
Joel Saget, AFP/Getty Images
The Mercedes Intelligent Drive system is presented at the Paris Auto Show. 
Joel Saget, AFP/Getty Images
A representative speaks with a customer at the Kia Motors display at the Paris Motor Show on Oct. 2. 
Joel Saget, AFP/Getty Images
Dieter Zetsche, chairman of Daimler AG and head of Mercedes-Benz Cars, introduces the new Mercedes-AMG GT. 
Daniel Karmann, European Pressphoto Agency
The new Renault Concept car Eolab is presented at the show. 
Miguel Medina, AFP/Getty Images
The 208 GTI Peugeot race cars. 
Miguel Medina, AFP/Getty Images
A woman photographs a Mini Superleggera. 
Christophe Ena, AP
The BMW Serie 2 Cabriolet. 
Eric Piermont, AFP/Getty Images

Merkel urges Putin to calm Ukraine rebelsRed Cross worker killed in Donetsk shelling
By Stefan Wagstyl in Berlin and Roman Olearchyk in Kiev
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/43ae781c-4a21-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

These FDs offer higher interest rates than some banksPrint
Debt investments offer assured returns, but little else. One problem is lack of options. The other is that the returns, although guaranteed, rarely beat inflation. Not to mention that apart from Public Provident Fund, few debt instruments provide tax exemptions; returns from all others are added to the investor's income and taxed according to the tax slab.
But there is a debt investment that provides a fair degree of safety and still gives double-digit return, even after taxation. Company fixed deposits, or FDs, have for long been living in the shadow of the humble but ubiquitous bank FDs. However, in recent years, investors have started taking a good hard look at company FDs too. Does it make sense to invest in them? And, if yes, what factors should you consider before putting your hard earned money in these instruments?
HIGHER RETURNS
While bank FDs return 8-9% a year, company FDs offer one-two percentage points more. In fact, some pay as much as 12.5% per annum. Experts say this is a win-win for both the company and the investor. Every company, big or small, has to raise capital at some point, and FDsare a good way of doing that.
In Good Company
Here are some company FDs which are offering the highest returns
"The other option is borrowing from banks, which is more expensive," says Anil Rego, CEO, Right Horizons. However, remember that compared to bank FDs, company FDs are riskier. The investor may lose his entire capital if the company defaults. In case of banks, deposits up to Rs 1 lakh are insured by the Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corp. So, before you put money in a company look at the quarterly and annual numbers and compare them with that of its rivals. Also, check the total debt and see if the company is in a position to service it comfortably without a big strain on its earnings.
RATINGS AND RETURNS
It is common for most company FDs to be rated. Crisil, which has been rating company deposits for over a long time now, gives FAAA as the highest rating, which denotes a high level of safety. "We arrive at the ratings after analysing the company's fundamentals over various parameters. Factors like industry outlook also play a small part, but the company's fundamentals remain the most important factor," says Rupali Shanker, director, CRISIL Ratings.
Experts say investors must avoid issues that are rated below AA. For example, the Kerala Transport Development Finance Corporation issue, which is paying 10.5% per annum, is not rated. In fact, experts say the interest rate is inversely proportional to the rating. "The stronger the rating, the less the chances of the issuer offering a high return," says Pankaaj Maalde, chief financial planner, apnapaisa.com. This explains why most top rated companies offer 10-11% per annum. "With good rating, companies are confident of getting subscribers," he says.
SHOULD YOU INVEST?
Company FDs have become popular over the past few years. As far as returns go, it is hard to argue against the desire to earn 10.5% against 9%, especially if the former is being offered by a reputed company with good ratings, which are a confirmation of its capability to repay the investor. However, check the fundamentals of the company and the sector before taking the plunge. Also, with online banking, a bank FD is available as per convenience, while an FD issue of a company that you are comfortable investing in may not be available all the time. Remember that FDs are tax-inefficient and, hence, their returns rarely beat inflation after taxation. This is because the interest earned is added to the income and taxed according to the person's tax slab.
Also, most company FDs have a long tenure. There is always a risk that the fortunes of companies may change for the worse during this period. Hence, longterm FDs will always remain risky irrespective of their ratings. For people looking to invest in a company while avoiding equity, NCDs (non-convertible debentures) are a good option. This is because most NCDs are secured.
Then there is the problem of liquidity. In bank FDs, you have the option of premature withdrawal by paying a penalty. But in company FDs, this can be a tricky affair. So, you have to be absolutely sure that you will not need the money in the coming days.
Reproduced From Money Today. © September 2014. LMIL. All rights reserved.
 

Netflix pushes further into Hollywood  signs for four Adam Sandler filmsBy Cecilia Kang October 2 Follow @ceciliakang
Comedy actor Adam Sandler signed a deal to star in and produce four films that will be shown exclusively on the video-streaming service Netflix. (Reuters)
Netflix announced Thursday it will bring four movies by comedian Adam Sandler exclusively to its subscribers, the latest push by the online video service into the terrain of Hollywood movie studios.
Netflix didn’t disclose financial terms of the deal or timing of the movies’ releases. The company’s head of content, Ted Sarandos, said it approached Sandler to create the feature-length films because the actor’s movies were consistently among the top watched films for Netflix’s 50 million global users.
“People love Adam’s films on Netflix and often watch them again and again. His appeal spans across viewers of all ages — everybody has a favorite movie, everyone has a favorite line — not just in the U.S. but all over the world,” Sarandos said in a release.
The comedian, known for his raunchy, fraternity-like humor, said: “When these fine people came to me with an offer to make four movies for them, I immediately said yes for one reason and one reason only….Netflix rhymes with Wet Chicks.”
“Let the streaming begin!!!!,” he said in the release.
Though Sandler’s films have been popular for Netflix’s users, the actor and movie producer hasn’t had  breakout hit in years.
Sandler began his career on television’s “Saturday Night Live” before launching a prolific movie career. In recent years, his movies “That’s My Boy” and “Jack and Jill” were panned by critics and did poorly in movie ticket sales.
But the 48-year-old actor and producer has one of the deepest catalogs of movies. His movies have reached about $3 billion in box office sales and according to Nash Information Services, a movie data company, Sandler ranks 68 for top-grossing actors.
Netflix’s deal with Sandler comes days after it announced plans to exclusively distribute on Netflix and some Imax theaters a sequel to “Crouching Tiger” with producer The Weinstein Company. The announcement angered theater firms AMC Theatres and Regal, who have been hit by competition in home movie viewing and rely their ability to run movies first in their theaters.
The push into feature length films highlight the online video company’s ambitions to become a bigger player in the entertainment industry. Netflix began as a DVD rental service and then an online streaming service, but CEO Reed Hastings has said the firm is interested in pushing more into producing original content. Netflix signed a contract with television talk show host Chelsey Handler for her own show. Its television series “House of Cards” and “Orange Is the New Black” have been critical hits and have helped draw in millions of new subscribers.
Cecilia Kang is a staff writer covering the business of media and entertainment.

U.S. jobless claims drop  point to stronger labor marketU.S. jobless claims drop, point to stronger labor market
Reuters
Job Market Unemployment and Layoffs Job Reports and Statistics Unemployment Benefits Economic Indicator Unemployment Rate
The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits unexpectedly fell last week, a sign the labor market may be tightening.
Initial claims for state unemployment benefits dropped 8,000 to a seasonally adjusted 287,000 in the week ended Sept. 27, the Labor Department said on Thursday.
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast claims rising to 297,000 last week.
Claims have fallen steadily since the nation emerged from the 2007-09 recession and are lower than they were before the country's economic crisis began.
Month 63 of the recovery - about stinking time
Barry3
3
The trend suggests “labor market slack is on the decline,” said Gennadiy Goldberg, a strategist at TD Securities.
Thursday's data have no bearing on Friday's government report on monthly employment during September because the hiring survey was conducted earlier in the month. Economists expect companies stepped up the pace of hiring last month, adding 215,000 workers to payrolls.
The four-week moving average of claims, considered a better measure of labor market trends as it irons out week-to-week volatility, fell 4,250 to 294,750, just above an 8 1/2 year low hit in early August.
The Labor Department said there were no special factors influencing the state level data.
The jobless claims report showed the number of people still receiving benefits after an initial week of aid dropped 45,000 to 2.40 million in the week ended Sept. 20.

America s Big Snacking Secretreddit
We're becoming a nation of snackers.
Americans are spending much more on snacks like protein bars, chips and beef jerky, while overall grocery spending has remained almost flat, according to data provided by Nielsen to The Huffington Post. Worldwide, snack sales rose 2 percent to $374 billion for the year ending in March.
The chart below, based on Nielsen data, shows how sales of snacks grew much faster in the U.S. than grocery spending overall during the year ended Sept. 6, 2014.
Why Are We Buying So Many Snacks?
When asked why they're snacking so much, most of the 490 Americans Nielsen polled said they "enjoyed" eating all the time. Because, of course. After enjoyment, the second most common reason Americans cite for eating a snack in the past 30 days is "to satisfy hunger in between meals," Nielsen found.
Of course, the reasons we're snacking all the time go much deeper than "hunger" and "fun":
1. We work a lot: Full-time employees actually work 47 hours a week on average, according to a recent Gallup survey. And millions of workers are juggling multiple jobs .
And family life has gotten more hectic. Over the past few decades, the number of households with two working parents has grown , making June Cleaver-style meals more of a rarity . In addition, kids these days are more likely to grab a Go-Gurt, while racing between swim practices, violin lessons and debate team prep than to sit down for dinner.
2. Big Food brainwashed you (a little) with delicious jerkies and salted chips: Food giants want us to eat processed foods -- the companies can charge more for potato chips than for potatoes. Big Food obsesses over creating super-addictive snack items in the battle for "stomach share," so there are tons of snacks for you to choose from at the store. For example, more than a dozen varieties of Doritos are available.
A comprehensive list of Doritos flavors, according to the Frito-Lay website.
Our need to snack has even changed the way we view certain foods, said James Russo, a senior vice president of consumer insights at Nielsen. Take breakfast cereal. Instead of eating it just for breakfast, we now see items like Kix as more of a snack food. While sales of breakfast cereal are declining overall, an increasing number of us are eating Cheerios throughout the day. Forty-four percent of Americans said they ate cereal outside a meal in the past 30 days, compared to just 19 percent who said they ate a nutrition bar during that time period, according to Nielsen.
"One of the big stories here is the blurring of what is a snack and what is a meal," Russo said.
And the number of snacks we eat at mealtimes is expected to grow by 5 percent over the next five years. That means that in 2018, Americans will be eating snacks as meals 86.4 billion times a year, according to the NPD Group , a market research firm.
NPD predicts most of that growth will come from healthier snacks, but that doesn't mean we're over chocolate and chips. Instead, because we're snacking constantly, we want snacks to be available in both decadent and healthy forms. Pepsi's recent patent for a granola bar with Pop Rocks is one food that combines these desires, but for the most part we're looking to eat carrots and hummus around lunchtime and then grab some candy a few hours later.
Russo pointed to Americans' contradictory feelings toward salt as an example of this dynamic. While the top snack in North America over the past 30 days was chips or crisps, the third-highest health priority for respondents was low salt/sodium, Nielsen found .
"We want indulgent snacks but we also want healthy options for a snack," Russo said. "We're increasingly using all these different food products to satisfy our hunger."
More:

Burger King Franchise Cracks Down On Pro-Union Workers For...  Poor Pickle Placement Pro-Union Burger King Worker Disciplined For Poor Pickle Placement
Posted:
Updated:
10/02/2014  1:59 pm EDT
An employee places a pickle in a whopper burger at a Burger King restaurant in Basildon, U.K., on Wednesday, Sept. 8, 2010. Burger King Holdings Inc. agreed to be acquired by 3G Capital, a New York investment firm backed by Brazilian investors, for $3.3 billion in the biggest restaurant acquisition in at least a decade. Photographer: Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg via Getty Images | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
In colorful fashion, a judge with the National Labor Relations Board ruled Monday that a major Burger King franchisee in Michigan had committed various forms of union-busting in the face of worker strikes and organizing.
According to the decision , EYM King, which runs 22 Burger King restaurants in and around Detroit, broke labor law by threatening a worker for discussing protests while on the job; giving a disciplinary warning to a union sympathizer; and enforcing a "no solicitation" rule on its own employees.
Most absurdly, the company was found to have illegally sent a pro-union worker home one day for allegedly failing to "put pickles on her sandwiches in perfect squares as she was supposed to do," according to the decision by Arthur J. Amchan, an administrative law judge.
Union-backed fast-food strikes have rolled from city to city over the past two years, revealing a level of worker militancy that many corporations and franchisees would have previously thought unimaginable. EYM King, it appears, couldn't figure out how to address this new threat without stepping afoul of labor laws. The labor board's general counsel, which acts as a kind of prosecutor, filed a complaint against the company in May.
At its store on West 8 Mile Road in Ferndale, Michigan, the company employed two part-time workers, Claudette Wilson and Romell Frazier, who'd taken part in fast-food strikes in the past. Wilson and Frazier also worked part-time as paid organizers for D15, a worker group that's part of the Fast Food Forward network, which is funded by the Service Employees International Union.
"Frazier regularly talked about the Union and strikes at work," Amchan wrote.
One day last October, a manager told Frazier that "if he was talking about striking again, he'd soon be picking up his paycheck."
It's against the law to punish a worker for discussing wages, working conditions or unionization with other colleagues -- such talk is considered "protected concerted activity" under the law. Yet the company insisted to the judge that it was "plainly entitled" to forbid workers from discussing such matters during work.
"This assertion is simply incorrect," the judge wrote.
On another occasion last September, Wilson was punished by a manager for coming by the store while off-duty to talk with other workers outside. Wilson had asked a colleague who'd just finished her shift to fill out a questionnaire on wages. The manager told Wilson she was violating the store's "loitering and solicitation policy," then wrote her up for it.
Amchan ruled that the enforcement of this policy on employees violated the National Labor Relations Act. The workplace is a "particularly appropriate place" to distribute materials or discuss organizing rights, seeing as it's "the one place where employees clearly share common interests," he wrote. He added, "This is particularly true in the instant case where some of the workers are lower paid individuals who commute to work via bus."
He also reprimanded the company for its attempt to justify its no-solicitation policy by saying that the restaurant was located in a "high crime" area.
"To give credence to such an explanation would effectively deprive millions of the lowest-paid workers in the United States of the ability to assert their Section 7 rights. As I pointed out numerous times at trial, there is no material difference between security concerns in Detroit and those in every inner-city in this country," Amchan wrote.
It was the day after the solicitation incident that Wilson was reprimanded over her pickle placement. According to the decision, the manager sent Wilson home two hours early for it.
From the ruling:
Wilson admits that she did not put pickles on her sandwiches in perfect squares as she was supposed to, due to her anger over the written warning she received. However, given Respondent's animus towards her protected activity, as evidence by the illegal warning given to her the same day, I find that the General Counsel has made a prima facie that her discipline (being sent home early) was related to Wilson engaging in protected activity in Respondent's parking lot the day prior. Thus, the burden of proof has shifted to Respondent that it would have sent Wilson home early even if she had not engaged in protected activity. Respondent has made no showing that it would have sent Wilson home in the absence of her protected activity. Therefore, I find that it violated the Act in so doing.
In conclusion, Amchan ordered that EYM King cease and desist from infringing on employees' rights to organize, and that it change its solicitation policy so that it complies with the law. He also ordered that the company pay Wilson for any wages she lost over the pickle incident, and that her write-up over the incident be rescinded.
EYM King couldn't be reached for comment. The company has the option to appeal the ruling to the full labor board in Washington.
In an email to The Huffington Post, a spokesperson for Burger King wrote that "Burger King Corporation does not make scheduling, wage or other employment-related decisions for the franchisees," adding that the franchisees "independently own and operate" 100 percent of all Burger King restaurants.
Big fast-food companies like Burger King are usually insulated from labor law violations through their franchising arrangements; instead, the charges tend to fall on franchisees like EYM King. This could change, however, as the NLRB's general counsel recently named McDonald's a "joint employer" alongside one of its franchisees. The fast-food industry is worried that the move could open it up to new liabilities .
More:

Festival dampener Railways hikes fare under  Premium Tatkal Ticket  schemeRailways links 50% of tatkal tickets with dynamic pricing system, fares to go up
PTI Oct 2, 2014, 08.05PM IST
Tags:
dynamic fare system
(The rates of the tatkal tickets…)
NEW DELHI: Half of the tatkal tickets on 80 trains have become costlier with the Railways deciding to partially implement the dynamic fare system under which charges will depend on demand.
The decision, clearly aimed at mopping up more revenues by the cash-strapped Railways, comes in the midst of festival season when there is a big rush of train travellers.
"It has been decided that 50 per cent of the existing tatkal quota ticket shall be sold under dynamic fare scheme," said a senior Railway Ministry official today.
As per the scheme, 50 per cent of tatkal quota tickets would be sold under the existing system and the subsequent 50 per cent under 'premium tatkal' quota of dynamic pricing.
It will mean more the demand, more the cost. The 'Premium Tatkal Ticket' scheme will be applicable to 80 trains from October one and like Premium train, the scheme will be available online only.
Railway Board Member (Traffic) D P Pandey said, "The Premium Tatkal ticket scheme has been launched for 80 popular trains. All zones have been asked to identify five popular trains in their respective zone.
"We will see the response and then we will decide on extending the scheme to other trains."
He emphasised that only 50 per cent of the tatkal tickets will be sold under the dynamic fare system while the rest will be sold on regular tatkal fare basis.
There is tremendous rush for tickets during the festive season as passengers prefer to travel to their home towns for celebrating Dusshera and Diwali.
However, Railways has described the scheme as a preventive measure to deal with the menace of touts.
"There were reports of genuine passengers being fleeced by touts. This will help facilitating needy passengers to get tickets," the official said.
The scheme, applicable on selected trains, will increase the prices of tatkal tickets and as an end result the train fare.
Northern Railway has identified five trains including Saptakranti Express, two Mumbai Rajdhani trains and Vaishali Express to implement Premium Tatkal scheme.
Some trains which have been identified for implementation of the scheme are Hyderabad-New Delhi Andhra Pradesh Express, Hyderabad-Hazrat Nizamuddin Dakshin Express, Secunderabad-Howrah Falaknuma Express, Kacheguda-Bangalore Express and Secunderabad-Patna Express.
The tatkal scheme currently covers around 2677 trains. According to Railway figures, around 1.71 lakh seats, of the 11.57 lakh available, are up for booking under the tatkal scheme.
It is also a prominent source of income for the Railways, raking in about Rs 1000 cr last year.
"The scheme has been launched to deal with the problem of touts. There were reports of genuine passengers being fleeced by touts. This will help facilitating needy passengers to get tickets," a senior Railway Ministry official said.
The scheme, applicable on selected train, will increase the prices of tatkal tickets and as an end result the train fare. Railways is also running 50 premium trains on dynamic fare system, like flights.
It had increased tatkal charges last year in April by ten per cent of the basic fare for reserved second class sitting and 30 per cent of basic fare for all other classes.
NDA government has increased train fares of all classes by 14.2 per cent on June 25.
FEATURED ARTICLES

A Tetris movie  seriouslyOh, Hollywood. ( Conor Lawless /Flickr)
Here’s the upside of “Tetris: The Movie,” or whatever they’re going to call it: Devoted fan-boys and fan-girls won’t go berserk over character casting or plot reworks, like they do for any Jane Austen or Batman reboot. . . because Tetris doesn’t have any plot or characters!
Well, there’s the downside, too. In announcing plans to adapt the geometry-based video game — perhaps the first real addiction of Gen-X and Millenials — Threshold Entertainment brings us latest proof of creative restrictions and utter desperation in Hollywood, where financing is next to unattainable unless a movie is based on some known entity.
“Brands are the new stars of Hollywood,” production company chairman Larry Kasanoff told the Wall Street Journal .
He’s not wrong. Hollywood is churning out product-placement-as-entertainment, and game-and-toy behemoths like Hasbro are leading the charge: It has a production division responsible for the Transformers franchise, G.I. Joe movies and “Battleship.” Next up: movies based on Ouija, Jem and the Holograms and Candy Land. Threshold already turned the video game “Mortal Kombat” into a successful movie, which spawned a sequel, as well as a live stage show.
“The LEGO Movie” is the third highest-grossing movie for 2014 thus far, with $257 million domestically, just ahead of “Transformers: The Age of Extinction” at $245 million. Number one and two? Adaptations of beloved comic books, “Guardians of the Galaxy” and “Captain America: The Winter Soldier.” (Everything else in the top 10 is an adaptation or sequel.)
So you can see why film executives are tempted to just find a familiar something and turn it into a movie. But the box-office reality is a little more complex. People aren’t going to movies as much as they used to. Even with “Guardians’” huge returns, the summer box office was down 20 percent. People are either willing to wait for movies to be available for home viewing, or they aren’t watching the movies at all.
Meanwhile, even familiar stories falter. If it’s nostalgia you’re going to, returning to the land of Oz seems smart. Yet this year’s pricey animated “Legends of Oz: Dorothy’s Return” was a bust — a $70 million budget, only $8 million domestic receipts. Same goes for both Hercules movies, “The Expendables 3” and “Sin City 2: A Dame to Kill For.”
As 1980s video games go, “The Legend of Zelda” or “Donkey Kong” would be more cinematic — distinctive characters, good-versus-evil narratives. What could a Tetris movie possibly look like? Probably nothing like the game. You probably won’t be sitting in a theater watching animated shapes dribble down the screen. This version will be live action, but don’t expect Adam Driver to play tall, skinny shape you need to complete your wall.
What’s next? A sci-fi epic about Dyson Airblades, or a quirky romance about Roto-Rooter? Or “Netflix: The Movie”? The trailer narration practically writes itself: In a world where all of the blockbusters are derivative, one discouraged movie fan vows to stay home and binge watch “Orange Is the New Black.”
Washington-area native Stephanie Merry covers movies, theater and art for Weekend and the Going Out Guide. She’s also the section’s de facto expert on yoga, gluten-free dining and bicycle commuting.

Tribune Media s Gracenote buys Australian TV  movie data providerTribune Media's Gracenote buys Australian TV, movie data provider
Tribune Tower
Tribune headquarters on Michigan Avenue in Chicago.
Tribune headquarters on Michigan Avenue in Chicago. (Tribune photo)
Gracenote, Inc. Tribune Media Apple iTunes
Tribune Media's Gracenote pays $19 million for Australia's HWW
Tribune Media Co.’s Gracenote said Thursday that it has acquired HWW, an Australian provider of television and movie data in a deal worth $19 million.
 
The deal is expected to broaden Gracenote’s international reach in the Australian TV and digital entertainment market, a move that positions it for growth throughout the Asia-Pacific region, the company said. The acquisition also will allow Gracenote, a Tribune Media subsidiary, to provide TV listings and show more data for more than 55 countries across six continents.
 
Founded in 1974, HWW is known as the leading TV and movie metadata provider in Australia, according to Gracenote.
 
Tribune Co., which spun off its newspaper business in August and is now known as Tribune Media Co., has been busy planning its global expansion into the growing metadata market.
 
In February, the former Tribune Digital Ventures acquired Gracenote from Sony Corp. of America for $170 million. Gracenote is best known for providing information on music tracks for Apple’s iTunes and other digital applications.
 
In July, the company expanded into India, the Middle East and parts of Asia, buying What’s-ON, a TV data provider. 
 
Last month, Gracenote picked up film and TV information website Baseline for $50 million. 
 
“We will absolutely be continuing to expand internationally,” said John Batter, chief executive officer of Gracenote. “In some cases it makes sense for us to build and expand organically and in some cases it makes sense for us to acquire somebody who is the local market incumbent like HWW.”

Misery continues at Chicago airports  hundreds of flights canceledBy Mark Berman October 2 Follow @markberman
Traveling through Chicago’s two international airports continues to be a bleak experience, with hundreds of flights canceled Thursday due to approaching storms. This comes not long after a fire at a radar facility grounded scores of planes , and the air traffic system in the region is still somewhat limited as a result.
More than 700 flights through Chicago O’Hare International Airport and Chicago Midway International Airport were canceled by 11:15 a.m., reported the flight-tracking site FlightAware.com . And additional cancellations may be in the cards, because severe thunderstorms are possible in the afternoon and evening, some expected to bring “damaging” winds, according to the National Weather Service.
A fire last week at a facility in Aurora, Ill., forced a ground stop and caused the cancellation of thousands of flights . Once flights resumed, they did so at a reduced rate, with fewer planes able to travel to and from O’Hare and Midway. As of Wednesday afternoon, about 85 percent of the typical air traffic was traveling through O’Hare and 80 percent of the typical traffic was traveling through Midway, according to the Federal Aviation Administration. (The numbers were slightly higher on Tuesday, but still speak to the difficulties facing travelers heading through this region.)
“The FAA is closely monitoring weather forecasts for the Chicago area for the next several days and is working with the airlines to plan for predicted thunderstorms or severe weather in the Chicago area,” the agency said in a statement.
It will take until Oct. 13 for this facility to be at full service, the FAA said. Replacement equipment arrived this week and is in the process of being installed.
Problems in Chicago — home to two of the country’s busiest airports — can reverberate nationwide. O’Hare is the second-busiest airport in the country, trailing only Atlanta’s Hartsfield-Jackson International. Cancellations and delays at places like O’Hare lead to problems for passengers who miss connecting flights and planes that are supposed to continue on to additional airports, which is how thunderstorms in Illinois can lead to hassles from coast to coast.
The FAA says it is conducting a review to look at the way air traffic control operations can be resumed quickly in the wake of disruptions, Michael P. Huerta, the agency administrator, said last week.
Brian Howard, a contract worker, has been charged with setting the fire. He was found inside the basement trying to kill himself, according to the criminal complaint. The FAA is also reviewing the way security is managed at its facilities.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Global economic growth keeps getting downgradedBy Ylan Q. Mui October 2 Follow @ylanmui
(Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg)
The leaders of the world economy will gather in Washington to confront a global growth outlook that can only be described as disappointing. Geopolitical tensions -- most recently on display in Hong Kong -- are on the rise, deflation in Europe is a persistent threat, while progress here in the United States still feels stunted.
In a speech at Georgetown University on Thursday morning, International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde previewed the themes that will shape the upcoming IMF/World Bank meetings. There is little variation from the drumbeat that international policy leaders have been hammering since the global recession gave way to a lackluster recovery. Here are three takeaways from her speech. Only time will tell whether the message is finally sinking in, or if Lagarde will return next year playing the same tune.
Global growth: The new "mediocre"
The IMF will release its updated global forecast next week, but suffice it to say, the picture has grown considerably dimmer. Here’s how Lagarde put it:
Overall, the global economy is weaker than we had envisaged even six months ago. Only a modest pickup is foreseen for 2015, as the outlook for potential growth has been pared down.
Emerging markets, which have accounted for 80 percent of world growth since 2008, have slowed down. But advanced economies such as the United States and the United Kingdom have yet to achieve the type of robust recovery that could pick up their slack. That means the world could get stuck in a cycle of what Lagarde described as “mediocre” growth that prolongs the damage from the global recession.
Monetary policy isn’t enough
The world’s central banks have taken center stage since the crisis, helping to prop up the recovery by keeping money flowing through the global financial system. But this historic era of easy money is nearing its end some countries , including the United States, and nearing the limit of its powers in others , such as the Euro zone.
“Monetary policy is playing its part. Now it needs more support from the rest of the team,” Lagarde said. "It's as if you have a great defense player, but that's it. You don't score."
She pointed to fiscal policies that could create jobs, such as through spending on infrastructure, as well as generate revenue through tax reform or revamping energy subsidies. Lagarde also highlighted worker training programs in Germany and Sweden and efforts in Japan and Korea to draw more women into the labor force.
Is the global economy at an inflection point?
That was the description Lagarde used to rally the economic troops and convey urgency in adopting expansionary policies. It raises an important broader question: How much does a prolonged period of slow growth affect the ability of the global economy to pick up the pace in the future?
We may be learning the answer now.
Ylan Q. Mui is a financial reporter at The Washington Post covering the Federal Reserve and the economy.

Will quietest hurricane season in two decades continue in OctoberComments
By Brian McNoldy October 2
The 2014 Atlantic hurricane season is living up to expectations as a very inactive one, so far. There have been just five named storms this year — Arthur, Bertha, Cristobal, Dolly, and Edouard – four of which became hurricanes, and just one of those briefly reached major hurricane status (Category 3+).
While the measure of cyclone energy in 2014 is actually higher than the entire 2013 season, the last time there were so few named storms by this point in the season was 1994. However, hurricane season is not over, and it would only take a single strong and destructive landfalling storm to make 2014 memorable.
Average cumulative number of tropical storms, hurricanes, and major hurricanes. This year’s values as of today are marked with dots.
An interesting feature of this season is that no storm achieved hurricane intensity in the tropics — all four hurricanes have occurred in the subtropics, which is north of 23°N.
In terms of Accumulated Cyclone Energy, or ACE, this season has already surpassed the entire 2013 season. But prior to 2013, we have to go back to 1991 to find a less active season to-date. The climatological ACE by this date is 85 (using 1981-2010 for the period of record), and 2014 is at 36.4, or 43 percent of average.
ACE is a commonly-used metric for activity because it is not dependent on exact numbers of named storms or hurricanes, but rather is based on both the intensity and longevity of all tropical storms and hurricanes (so a long-lived tropical storm could contribute as much ACE as a short-lived storm that reached hurricane intensity).
Now that October is upon us, the ACE typically drops precipitously from its peak in August and September.
Daily total ACE for a 30-year average (purple area) and 2014 (yellow bars).  The five named storms so far in 2014 are easily identifiable.
Another key shift to be aware of in October is the areas of formation.  The eastern Atlantic and African wave season are essentially finished, and our attention shifts westward to the western Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and off the U.S. east coast.
October is definitely not a month to ignore, as many notorious landfalling storms have occurred during October, including Sandy (2012), Wilma (2005), Michelle (2001), Iris (2001), Mitch (1998), Joan (1988), Isbell (1964), Hattie (1961), Hazel (1954), Fox (1952), King (1950), etc.  Some select tracks of notable October hurricanes are shown below:
Tracks of select notable October hurricanes since 1950. (NOAA)
Dry air and strong wind shear have dominated the usual formation regions during the peak of the season, and that remains the case now.  A satellite image from this morning confirms the absence of any interesting features, and the presence of dry dusty air and hefty shear in the deep tropics.  It looks like winter has already settled in!  Looking ahead with the guidance of long-range global models, there are no storms forecast to develop in the foreseeable future.
Animation of plume of dry air known as Saharan dust layer surging out of Africa over tropical Atlantic during the past 5 days (CIMMS)

Company deaths not outpace company birthsMore businesses are closing than starting. Can Congress help turn that around?
Experts urge lawmakers to adopt policies more friendly to new firms.
Americans are starting fewer businesses, new companies are going out of business more quickly, and the new firms that do get off the ground are creating fewer jobs.
None of that bodes very well for an economy still trying to find its footing.
“America’s entrepreneurs need help,” John Dearie, executive vice president of the Financial Services Forum, a trade organization in Washington, D.C., said during a recent hearing before members of the House Small Business Committee. In terms of the start-up economy, he added, all vital signs “are flashing red alert.”
Dearie cited research in his testimony showing that new firms — rather than, as is so often argued, small businesses in general — historically account for virtually all net new jobs generated each year in the United States. However, their annual hiring contributions have dropped about 40 percent since 2000, accelerating a downward trend that has been going on for the past three decades.
In part, that’s because the number of new businesses has steadily declined. Data from 2011 showed that only 8 percent of companies are less than one year old, down from 15 percent of all firms back in the late 1970s, with a particularly sharp decline taking place during and in the years immediately following the Great Recession.
Meanwhile, the number of young firms going under within the first few years has increased. Consequently, for the first time in 30 years, business deaths now outnumber business births, according to the U.S. Census Bureau.
In order to reverse the trends, experts said, entrepreneurs are going to need some additional support from Washington. During the forum on the Hill, they outlined several immediate actions they believe federal lawmakers could take to revive the ailing entrepreneurship economy .
Overhaul the immigration system
Dearie and Jonathan Ortmans, senior fellow at the Kauffman Foundation, an entrepreneurship research organization, agreed that immigration reforms represent one of the most powerful possible moves lawmakers could take to spur new business formation and help existing start-ups grow their enterprises more quickly.
“It is not an exaggeration to report that our nation’s immigration policies enrage” entrepreneurs, Dearie said. Citing conversations with start-up founders in a dozen cities during a recent roundtable tour across the country, he added that the “most serious obstacle to additional hiring by new businesses is a pronounced shortage of qualified talent.”
Improving the educational system in the United States would help, he said, but the effects would not likely be felt quickly enough. Plus, half of U.S. graduate students in science and math fields — an area in which the skills gap has been shown to be widest between what employers need and what job candidates possess — now come from other countries, so many who may want to stay and work here would still be forced to return home after graduation.
Dearie advised policymakers to eliminate an annual limit on the number of H1-B visas — the type generally awarded to highly skilled immigrant workers, particularly in technology positions—and award a permanent residency card to every foreign-born student who graduates from a U.S. university with a degree in science, technology, engineering or math (STEM) fields.
Ortmans focused his attention on another immigration reform proposal, known as the start-up visa, which targets foreign-born individuals who demonstrate that they can start and grow their own firms in the United States. He pointed to research showing that immigrants historically start more companies than native-born citizens and are generally more innovative. In the high-tech sector, for example, nearly one in four new firms are now started by immigrants.
Giving more of them a pathway to enter the United States and create new jobs for Americans, Ortmans argued, “would have an immediate impact on business creation and growth.”
Help rein in student debt
Ortmans noted there are reasons to believe that new business formation rates could soon bounce back, including that fact that in the coming decades more Americans than ever will be between the age of 30 and 50—historically, the prime ages to launch a company.
However, many of them are entering their peak entrepreneurship age with a mountain of student debt. A number of proposals to ease that burden on college graduates have made their way into—but not yet through—Congress. If lawmakers eventually take steps to tackle or at least reduce the nation’s cumulative student debt, Ortmans said “it would boost entrepreneurship by reducing the financial constraints on younger entrepreneurs.”
Moreover, he added, because “young firms disproportionately employ young workers, and also pay a premium to young employees relative to older firms, the additional new and young businesses would also provide more plentiful and more lucrative job opportunities for younger workers.”
Reduce regulatory burdens
Most of the speakers agreed that regulations can provide a useful framework to promote business and commerce. But they also said the federal government’s current maze of outdated and often contradictory regulations has instead become enormously detrimental to entrepreneurs .
“The stifling effect of regulatory burden, complexity, and uncertainty is particularly acute for new businesses,” Dearie said, adding that they “lack the resources and scale of larger firms over which to absorb and amortize the costs of compliance.”
Ortmans noted that “as new regulations are enacted on top of existing rules, businesses are faced with the challenge of navigating an increasingly complex regulatory regime.” More specifically, he urged Congress to take a look at what he described as superfluous and often expensive licensing requirements that deter some would-be entrepreneurs from starting businesses.
Dearie took his prescription a step further, asking lawmakers to work with the Congressional Budget Office and the Office of Management and Budget to develop a special regulatory framework that firms would be subjected to for their first five years in business. It should be comprised, he said, “of only the most essential product safety, environmental, and worker protection regulations.”
Increase access to capital
“While securing financing has always been a major challenge for entrepreneurs, our roundtables made clear that circumstances have become significantly more difficult in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis,” Dearie told lawmakers. He explained that the personal savings of many prospective entrepreneurs were diminished during the financial crisis - and the same likely goes for friends and family they may have turned to for early-stage investments.
Meanwhile, and in large part because of the same reasons, investments by individual angel investors suffered and has yet to fully recover in the wake of the recession.
Dearie advised lawmakers to consider authorizing changes to the Small Business Administration’s lending programs and investment funds to help the agency become a more resource not just existing small businesses, but new companies, too. In addition, he voiced support for a tax credit for those who invest in new firms equaling 25 percent of the investment and relieving from federal income tax any gains on stakes in start-ups that were held for at least three years.
Create a start-up tax status
John Deskins, an economics professor and director of the Bureau of Business & Economic Research at West Virginia University, pushed back against a commonly held noting that tax rates are a relatively harmless policy issue for start-up founders.
“A lower average tax rate for self-employment income relative to that of wage and salary income has been shown to encourage transitions to self-employment,” Deskins. He added that tax credits for research and development — the sort that have come and gone from the federal tax code over the years — have also been shown to encourage more early-stage investments by start-ups.
However, it’s not merely lower taxes , but also simpler taxes, that would help spur entrepreneurship, Dearie said.
“Tax complexity and uncertainty, like regulatory complexity and uncertainty, divert the time, attention, and energy of entrepreneurs away from the essential tasks required to successfully launch and grow their businesses amount to mortal threats to new businesses, particularly in the critical early years,” he said. During his discussions with new business founders around the country, he said many told him they would exchange higher tax rates for a simpler system.
Congress, Dearie said, should thus consider a new tax status for entrepreneurs —what he called an “e-corp” — which would subject new firms to a low, flat income tax for their first five years. Such a system, he argued, “will help cultivate new business formation, survival, and growth by allowing new businesses to retain and reinvest most of what they earn, preserving critical cash flow, and eliminating the distraction and burden of tax complexity and uncertainty.”
Follow J.D. Harrison and On Small Business on Twitter.
J.D. Harrison covers startups, small business and entrepreneurship, with a focus on public policy, and he runs the On Small Business blog.

EM currencies: letting them slideSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Heres how to draw a sharp contrast with RepublicansBy Greg Sargent October 2 Follow @theplumlinegs
Democratic Senator Mark Begich of Alaska is embroiled in one of the toughest reelection campaigns in the country, and control of the Senate could be at stake.
So he’s going to ramp up his push for a proposal that is treated as marginal inside the Beltway, but could nonetheless prove to have appeal even in a deeply conservative state: The proposal to expand Social Security.
As the Alaska Senate race hits its final, frenzied stretch, the Begich campaign is set to roll out a new set of policy prescriptions that are focused on older voters — which you can read about right here . Central to this push is Begich’s proposal to shore up Social Security’s finances, but in a way that would permit an expansion of benefits to certain groups of seniors.
Begich is set to hold two town meetings with seniors today, at which he will push the proposal, and his campaign confirms that it will be a key component of his message in the final stretch of the race. Begich spokesman Max Croes emails:
“Begich firmly believes we need to expand Social Security benefits, not cut them, and he’s committed to sharing this view and standing up for Alaska seniors on the campaign trail, as he has in the Senate. In the coming weeks Begich will make the contrast with his opponent very clear. Begich’s opponent, Dan Sullivan, believes Alaska’s seniors should have to pass a test to receive the Social Security benefits they’ve spent their life contributing to and supports raising the retirement age.”
Begich’s proposal would lift the existing payroll tax cap so the program no longer exempts wages above $117,000, bringing more money into the program. As Dylan Matthews has explained , this would shore up the program’s finances over time, and it would also make it possible to increase benefits across the board. That alone would help lower income seniors. But the Begich proposal would also mean a larger increase in benefits for groups such as the spouses of deceased seniors — most commonly women — in keeping with changes in the economy that have made it harder to get by on one income. Disabled seniors would also get a larger rise in benefits, and more benefits would be available to the children of deceased and disabled seniors.
The proposal adopts a measure indexing for inflation that’s designed to deal with the reality that seniors spend more on things — such as medicine and housing — whose costs are increasing rapidly. This is in contrast to the “chained CPI” proposal that many inside the Beltway (Democrats included) have pushed that would index benefits to inflation in a way that would amount to a benefits cut.
The goal: Sharpen the contrast with GOP opponent Sullivan in the final days of the race. Sullivan has signaled an openness to means testing and raising the eligibility age.
Proponents of expanding Social Security have long argued that Democrats should campaign hard on expanding social insurance programs — at a time when stagnating wages and the lingering damage of the Great Recession have increased anxieties about financially unsustainable retirement – as a way to maximize traditional Democratic Party advantages on difficult political turf. The idea is that it’s good politics to push for an expansion of a hugely popular program that has been central to the Democratic Party’s identity for many decades, particularly at a time when Dems are facing a stiff political headwind and grappling with extremely difficult election fundamentals.
Begich has long tried to draw this contrast around this issue. “Are we for or against helping seniors have a dignified life in their later years? I’m for that,” Begich recently said , by way of spelling out this contrast. “They would reduce the benefits of seniors. I’m working to make sure benefits are preserved and increased to reflect the costs seniors face.” Now Begich’s campaign says he will amplify this message in the final days of the race.
In an interesting twist, this issue has a local angle, too. The Begich camp notes that Alaska seniors pay higher costs for things like food (which is shipped in from afar) and heating, which makes a Social Security benefits hike for them particularly important. This is a point Begich will likely amplify, too. With Sullivan  pushing to make the Senate race turn on Obama’s unpopularity, Begich’s chances may turn on his efforts to localize this race , by speaking directly to regionally-specific concerns of Alaskans. Interestingly, Social Security could fit this bill.
Given that the polling averages show Sullivan with a slight lead, it’s anyone’s guess whether this will be enough to help Begich survive. But it’s notable that he believes campaigning on this could be a winner in such a conservative state, and as such, how it plays bears watching.
Greg Sargent writes The Plum Line blog, a reported opinion blog with a liberal slant -- what you might call “opinionated reporting” from the left.

Global stocks slump as ECB disappoints  US rate debate ragesGlobal stocks slump as ECB disappoints, US rate debate rages
By Reuters | 2 Oct, 2014, 09.29PM IST
0
Share More
Wall Street opened slightly lower after a sharp sell-off the previous session but it was Europe that remained under fire, with stocks tumbling anew.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: World stocks were knocked hard on Thursday as signs of a strengthening US jobs market stirred concerns about US rate rises and the ECB failed to convince markets its actions would revive the euro zone's stuttering recovery.
Wall Street opened slightly lower after a sharp sell-off the previous session but it was Europe that remained under fire, with stocks tumbling anew after the European Central Bank's monthly meeting left markets feeling unsatisfied.
The bank's President Mario Draghi stressed again that it remained ready to use further unconventional policy tools if needed but there was little of substance to back it up and details of a new ABS and covered bond failed to suffice.
"I think judging by the price action in the euro/dollar rate in the run up to this meeting... the market was expecting Draghi to come with much stronger FX rate rhetoric which we never got," said Vasileios Gkionakis Global Head of FX Strategy for UniCredit.
The FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares extended losses as the ECB news conference came to a close and was down 1.3 per cent at 1,350 points, while bond yields rose and the euro gained against the dollar for the first time in 8 days.
Having been spooked by data on Wednesday that had shown German factory activity shrinking for the first time in 15 months, China's manufacturing sector barely growing and the United States slowing, plus the first US case of Ebola, investors had plenty to keep them cautious.
All that pushed MSCI's 45-country world stock index to a five-month low as a fourth day of back-to-back falls left it down more than 5 per cent in the last month.
Commodity markets were also flashing warning signs. Brent crude oil tumbled below $92 a barrel, extending a three-month losing stretch that has seen it plunge 20 per cent.
"This is a structural change in the oil market, with Saudi Arabia explicitly stating that they are willing to compete on price," said Bjarne Schieldrop, chief commodities analyst at SEB in Oslo.
"I think Brent will fall below $88 before we see the bottom of the market."
TRILLION EURO QUESTION
On top of all the geopolitical and growth concerns, markets are also struggling with the fact the Federal Reserve is about to end years of pumping billions of dollars of stimulus into the US and global economy each month.
Ahead of non-farm Payrolls on Friday there were further signs the US jobs market is improving as data showed the number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits unexpectedly fell last week.
Wall Street took it in its stride but there was little sign of the stock market rout coming to end in Europe.
Britain's FTSE, Germany's DAX and France's CAX saw 0.8-1.8 per cent falls while Italy, Spain and Portugal were down between 2 and 3 per cent. Draghi repeated that the ECB hopes its recently announced plans will add a trillion euros to its balance sheet, but poor demand for a new round of cheap loans last month is raising the pressure for it too be more aggressive.
Page 1 of 2

Sharad Pawar scripted Sena-BJP break up: Raj Thackerayregional elections
BJP had decided to go solo in elections over disagreement on sharing of seats.
Nationalist Congress Party president Sharad Pawar had asked BJP leaders to sever their alliance with Shiv Sena and timed his party’s break-up with its coalition partner, Congress accordingly, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray alleged in a party rally here on Thursday.
Also whipping up the sons-of-soil issue in run-up to October 15 Assembly elections, Mr. Thackeray said that he would “throw out” private security agencies in the state which are providing employment only to north Indian migrants, if he came to power.
“Sharad Pawar had told BJP leaders that he will also snap ties with Congress after they break up their alliance with Sena and this is how it happened exactly,” Mr. Thackeray alleged.
The MNS chief was referring to the collapse of the 25-year-old alliance between Sena and BJP after the latter decided to go solo in elections over disagreement on sharing of seats. Interestingly, the NCP had announced its break-up with Congress — its alliance partner of 15 years — shortly after BJP went public with its decision.
Mr. Thackeray’s remark came within days after former Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan’s statement that NCP broke the alliance with Congress as it was cosying up with BJP.
The NCP has already denied the allegations.
Mr. Thackeray said that Congress, NCP, BJP and Shiv Sena are “hungry for power” and have “destroyed” Maharashtra. “Had these parties concentrated on the development of tourism in the state, more than 10 to 15 lakh youths could have got jobs,” he said.
Alleging that women are not safe in the state, the MNS chief said, “If I get elected, I would amend the law and make it mandatory for husband to transfer his house in the name of his wife.”
Mr. Thackeray also appealed to voters to not trade their vote in return of enticements like liquor and money.
“You will only suffer if you sell out your votes for a bottle of liquor and some cash. You will have to face the consequences for the next five years,” Mr. Thackeray said.
Targeting leaders from Marathwada region, he said the land in this backward region is getting barren due to neglect by politicians.
“This fact has found mention in a World Bank report. If measures are not taken to save the land, it would require more than one-and-a half centuries for it to become productive again,” he said.

http://usat.ly/10mCKkeEMAIL
Getty
Disney (DIS) has extended the contract of CEO Bob Iger through June 30, 2018, making him the big cheese of the media company for an additional two years.
It’s the second contract extension for Iger, who has been tremendously successful as the head of the media company. Iger has been CEO of Disney since Oct. 2, 2005, navigating the company through key acquisitions such as Pixar and Lucasfilm. Iger was also in charge of leading the company though the recession, during which he invested heavily in the company’s themeparks, a move that’s paying off big now in the recovery.
Shares of Disney have rocketed 267% since Iger was put in charge of the company, replacing Michael Eisner after a long and drawn-out search. Disney’s stock performance has been a standout even amid a bull market. The Standard & Poor’s 500 has gained roughly 60% during the same period.
Iger, too, is one of the most highly paid CEOs in Corporate America. For 2013, Iger he hauled in a total pay package worth more than $34 millio n, which was down 8% from the previous year.
But investors continue to be thrilled with the results of his leadership. While other media are suffering from a severe contraction, analysts are predicting Disney’s adjusted earnings to jump 27% this year to $4.30 a share, says S&P Capital IQ.

http://usat.ly/1rNBMaWHOT
Sources: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAY research
* Accenture, a global consulting firm, lists South Africa as one of its priority emerging markets. Accenture’s revenue from emerging markets nations, which includes Asia as well as Africa, accounted for 40% of revenue in fiscal 2013.
* American International Group, an insurer, lists Johannesburg Insurance Holdings as a significant unit. Last year, AIG’s emerging markets business wrote $6.8 billion in property casualty policies, accounting for 20% of the total.
* Chevron, the energy company, not surprisingly competes with Exxon in Africa. The company in 2013 reported net production of 431 oil-equivalent barrels a day in Africa in 2013, which is 17% of its total.
* Cisco Systems the networking company also maintains a presence in South Africa. Revenue from Cisco’s African business is consolidated with its emerging markets including Asia. Total emerging markets revenue in the year ended July 26 was 26% of total revenue.
* Citigroup, the global financial firm, has been aggressive in the emerging world. Revenue from emerging markets, which includes Africa, accounted for 41% of Citi’s revenue in 2013. And trouble in emerging nations has caused the company to relocate staff before, the company says in its annual regulatory filing.
* Morgan Stanley, the global investment bank, operates a unit out of South Africa. Revenue from the region isn’t nearly as significant to Morgan Stanley as it is Citi. Revenue from Africa, combined with Europe and the Middle East was $4.5 billion in 2013, or 14% of total revenue.
* Starwood Hotels operates and franchises hotels all over the world, including 85 in Africa and the Middle East. The company combines its count of African hotels with those in the Middle East. Combined these properties account for 7% of the company’s 1,175 worldwide properties at the end of last fiscal year. Starwood’s stock was among the hardest hit of travel stocks Wednesday on the confirmation of an Ebola-infected patient in the U.S. Shares are down $79.24, or 1.2%, to $79.24 Thursday. That’s after falling 3.6% on Wednesday.

President Obama Delivers Remarks on Economy at Northwestern UniversitySPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
RADAR: Heavy Rain and Storms Moving Across Eastern US
EXPLORE.org - Puppy Litter Camera
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Rick Perrys indictment hasnt hurt his popularity in TexasBy Hunter Schwarz October 2 Follow @hunterschwarz
Texas Gov. Rick Perry speaks during the Space X ground breaking ceremony at the Boca Chica Launch Site on the southern tip of Texas in September. (AP Photo/The Brownsville Herald, Yvette Vela)
Gov. Rick Perry’s (R) approval rating in Texas remains roughly the same as it was a year ago — even though two out of five Texans believe it’s too early to tell if he’s innocent or guilty of charges that he abused his power when he vetoed funding to a state agency.
Perry has a 57 percent approval rating among registered voters, according to a Texas Lyceum poll released Wednesday, compared with 56 percent in their poll conducted this time last year. The poll also found 63 percent of those polled had heard “some” or “a lot” about the charges against Perry based on his threat to veto $7.5 million in funding to the Travis County district attorney’s office unless Rosemary Lehmberg (D), the county’s district attorney, resigned from office following her 2013 DUI arrest.
Among respondents who had heard about the indictment, 43 percent said it was “too soon to tell” if he was innocent or guilty, 28 percent believe he is innocent and 22 percent believe he is guilty.
Roughly 7 in 10 voters — 72 percent — believe the charges against Perry are political, while 28 percent believe they are legitimate criminal charges.
Reporter for The Washington Post. Formerly of the BuzzFeed Los Angeles bureau.

Watch live: Obama speaks at Northwestern323
Obama said that while Congress has stalled on a federal minimum wage increase, 13 states and the District of Columbia have acted to raise the rate. “It’s on the ballot in five states this November, including Illinois,” the president said of a non-binding statewide ballot question that asks voters if the minimum wage here should be $10 an hour.
Despite notable growth in business profits, rising stock markets and home prices and low corporate debt, Obama said it was “indisputable that millions of Americans don’t yet feel enough of the benefits of a growing economy where it matters most — and that’s in their own lives.”
Obama said the nation’s economy “cannot truly succeed if we’re stuck in a winner-take-all system where a shrinking few do very well while a growing many are struggling to get by.” The president belittled Republican calls for tax cuts for the wealthy at a time “when nearly all the gains of the recovery have gone to the top 1 percent, when income inequality is at as high a rate as we’ve seen in decades.”
The president’s speech was viewed as a way to provide talking points to Democratic candidates for the Senate and House in a year in which most polling indicates Republicans are favored when it comes to the political party most likely to do a better job in handling the economy.
The Quinn campaign did not release a full list of fundraiser attendees, but said Illinois Secretary of State Jesse White, property tax attorney Richard Shapiro, and Perkins Coie law partner Judy Gold were in attendance. The campaign will have to file reports with the State Board of Elections listing the donations within a few days.
As Obama departed the Quinn fundraiser, Rauner sent out a fundraising email to his supporters, contending Quinn was “raising significant funds” from “high rollers” in Chicago. Rauner has given his own campaign $12.6 million and has tapped wealthy friends for millions of dollars more.
In Springfield, Republican lawmakers sought to dampen the Obama visit for Quinn. They maintained the governor recently sent up to $5 million to Chicago-area programs for at-risk youth in a manner similar to a mismanaged $54.5 million anti-violence grant program that Quinn launched shortly before the 2010 election. The anti-violence program is under scrutiny by federal prosecutors and a state legislative panel.
Republican Sen. Jason Barickman of Bloomington alleged the infusion of dollars was “eerily similar” to the spending in Quinn’s Neighborhood Recovery Initiative that local and federal grand juries are investigating.
Quinn budget official Abdon Pallasch called the GOP contention a “baseless allegation.” He said the money sent to Chicago groups was used to pay existing bills for a summer community violence program that ended in August.
Tribune reporter Ray Long contributed from Springfield.

IRCON Participates in Swachh Bharat CampaignThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rs4 lakh crore for a Clean India with more than Rs50 000 crore each year for Panchayats!Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Only if they break free of thepastModi’s visit has generated substantial hope in both capitals about the reinvigoration of the US-India relationship. (Source: PTI)
Written by Sumit Ganguly | Posted: October 3, 2014 12:00 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 8:49 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s maiden visit to the US in his present capacity has just come to a close. As widely reported, his performance at New York’s Madison Square Garden was nothing short of an extravaganza. Despite a few stray demonstrators outside, he managed to bring the crowd to its feet amidst dance, music and a dazzling array of lights. Subsequently, his visit to Washington, DC has also yielded a striking joint communiqué that is simply vaulting in its scope and ambition. It sweeps across a range of possible areas of cooperation, extending from the development of civilian nuclear power to global counterterrorism. It also reiterates the common interest of both states in having India as a member of a reformed UN Security Council.
These goals, while lofty, are laudable and even desirable. However, what remains unknown are the likely strategies that the two sides will need to realise even a fraction of this vast agenda. Past communiqués have also been known for emphasising common democratic values, have expressed a desire for expanding the band of cooperation and have highlighted the need to meet various global challenges.
Suggesting that this joint statement amounts to little more than empty rhetoric would be both churlish and shortsighted. It would be harsh because it is important for national leaders to spell out defining visions, even if their realisation proves hard. It would also be ill-considered to dismiss those sentiments because a number of the goals that have been outlined are indeed worthwhile and desirable.
To achieve the levels of cooperation that have been delineated will require adroit diplomacy on the part of both sides. At the outset, little will be accomplished if various constituencies, especially in India, continue to dwell inordinately on the past. It is well known that the US and India, apart from fleeting moments, were at odds during the Cold War. These memories continue to haunt many within India’s elite circles. These lingering doubts focus mostly on the reliability of the US, its long dalliance with Pakistan and its uneven relationship with China. Despite their continuing presence, it is nevertheless important to recognise that both states now occupy markedly different positions in the emerging global order. Consequently, the past is not necessarily the most reliable guide to the future. Instead, a clear-eyed assessment of the present global circumstances suggests that the two states may well not remain prisoners of the past.
What are some of these changed circumstances? Today, the US and India, not to mention the states of East and Southeast Asia, confront the reality of a rising and potentially aggressive China. The border incidents in Ladakh during President Xi Jinping’s recent visit were a stark reminder that despite continued…

4 years later  Dhuri railway line overbridge finallyopenedPrint
Express News Service | Ludhiana | Posted: October 3, 2014 12:00 am
It was way back in 2010 that the Public Works Department of Punjab announced Rs 328 crore for the construction of a bridge over Dhuri railway line to ease the flow of traffic for commuters crossing Ludhiana to other districts.
However, the project stuck due to shortage of funds and it was not completed within the deadline of two years as committed by Deputy CM Sukhbir Singh Badal.
The Dhuri bridge was finally thrown open to public on Wednesday and PWD minister Sharanjit Singh Dhillon along with Mayor Harcharan Singh Gohalwaria inaugurated the bridge. The project has been completed after a delay of two years.
With opening of this route, the commuters travelling from Ferozepur road to Chandigarh and Delhi will not have to face internal city traffic. Almost 40 minutes will be saved for people travelling to Chandigarh and Delhi from Ferozepur road.
Travelling time to Doraha will also be reduced by 15 minutes from Ludhiana as city traffic will be avoided with this outer route. Similarly, people travelling to places such as Ahmedgarh, Patiala and Sangrur need not enter city traffic and can cross Ludhiana from this outer route directly.

West Indies keen on beating India in their ownbackyardThe West Indies have arrived, and are training in Mumbai ahead of the series against the Indians. (Source: Express photo by Kevin DSouza)
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 3, 2014 12:00 am | Updated: October 10, 2014 5:10 pm
West Indies all-rounder Kieron Pollard feels that although Chris Gayle’s absence in the ODI series will be a factor but someone in the team will have to stand up and be counted in crunch situations.
“Of course (it will have an impact). Chris has been there for over 10 years now. He has been one of our main players, one of our main batsman. Yes, it is going to leave a hole. Yes it is going to leave a gap but life goes on,” Pollard told the reporters during an interaction with reporters ahead of West Indies’ tour opener against India A tomorrow.
“We all know he (Gayle) is not here. We left the Caribbean knowing that he is not going to be here. So someone has to take that mantle and put up their hand and take up that responsibility,” Pollard said.
The 27-year-old expects the five-match ODI series to be a keenly contested one.
“It will be a keenly contested one. Obviously, we have played them in the last couple of years and we won a couple of games here so I am looking forward to series,” he said.
The Trinidadian, who also plays for the IPL franchise Mumbai Indians said knowing the conditions here would come in handy.
“I won’t say it is going to be an added advantage but it would give us an insight rather than just coming in blindly to the conditions. It is going to be keenly contested because both teams would know the strengths and the weaknesses of the players. That is something that we look forward to. We look forward to that challenge,” he said.
He rated Indian skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni as one of the best finishers.
“They have some good players in their team. I would say they have one of the best finishers in the world as their leader and as a captain. We know we are up for a challenge,” Pollard said.
Pollard said he is looking to score runs to book a spot in the World Cup squad.
“Obviously, it is a preparation for the World Cup but no one is guaranteed a place in the World Cup, so as an individual and as a player in the team you have to try and be consistent and try and score runs. So that is my aim,” he said.
Asked why the team hasn’t managed to win the ODI series in the past over here, Pollard said, “We just haven’t played consistent cricket as a team and it is something that we want to try upon. We have got about 10 or 12 games before the World Cup, so it is something we are looking forward to.”
Pollard also felt continued…

Sunil Narine reported for suspect illegal bowling action again  cannot bowl in CLT20finalSunil Narine has been KKR's go to bowler over the past four seasons of the IPL. (Source: BCCI)
Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: October 2, 2014 11:38 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 11:45 pm
West Indies off-spinner Sunil Narine has been reported for a suspect illegal bowling action for the second time in the ongoing Champions League Twenty20 and he is set to be suspended from bowling in KKR’s final match in Bangalore on Saturday, according to reports.
ESPNcricinfo said that Narine was reported by the umpires after the first semi-final against Hobart Hurricanes here today. Narine took 1/24 in KKR’s seven-wicket win over Hurricanes.
“Kolkata Knight Riders’ Sunil Narine cannot bowl in the Champions League T20 final on Saturday, after he was reported for a second time in two matches for a suspect action,” a report in the ESPNcricinfo said.
“He was reported by the umpires after the semi-final against Hobart Hurricanes on Thursday, which Knight Riders had won by seven wickets. Earlier, he had been reported following their final group match, against Dolphins,” it said.
Former India all-rounder Ravi Shastri also said while commentating during the CLT20 second semifinals that Narine has been reported for the second time during the first semifinal between KKR and Hobart Hurricanes here today.
Narine has been reported by match officials for a suspected illegal bowling action following his side’s 36-run win over Dolphins in the CLT20 Group A match here on Monday.
Narine, under CLT20 guidelines, was placed on the tournament’s ‘warning list’ while allowing to play.
However, after his action was reported again today, he is set to be suspended from bowling for the remainder of the tournament.
HAFEEZ ALSO REPORTED
Pakistan’s spinning all-rounder Mohammad Hafeez today said he was surprised but not concerned after his bowling was reported in an Indian domestic tournament, adding he had no plans to modify his action.
The 33-year-old is key to Pakistan’s attack in their series against Australia which starts with a Twenty20 against Australia in Dubai on Sunday, particularly after the suspension of ace spinner Saeed Ajmal whose action was found to be illegal in testing last month.
The report by on-field umpires in the Indian tournament has no bearing on international cricket, but Pakistan coach Waqar Younis told AFP it would “shatter” the all-rounders confidence.
Hafeez, however, said he was unfazed. “I am surprised over my action being reported because I am bowling like this for the last 11 years,” he told AFP before departing for Dubai.
“I have played six major world events: two World Cups and three World Twenty20s and nobody had ever questioned my action, this is a big surprise for me,” he added.
The International Cricket Council began a crackdown on illegal bowling actions in June, deciding to strictly enforce its 15 degree limit on elbow flex — the point where a kink becomes visible to the naked eye.
The ICC suspended Sri Lanka’s Sachitra Senanayake and New Zealand’s Kane Williamson before Ajmal, while three more international bowlers have been reported and now face testing.

Pakistan national shot at by army troops  apprehended nearLoCPrint
Express News Service | Jammu | Posted: October 2, 2014 11:10 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 8:07 am
A 50-year-old Pakistani national was shot at and later apprehended by army troops near the Line of Control in Pallanwala sector of Jammu and Kashmir on Wednesday night.
The army troops had opened fire when the infiltrator on being challenged tried to flee back to the side of Pakistan occupied Kashmir. He sustained two bullet shots in his legs.
Sources said that Pak currency worth Rs. 100 was seized from his possession. He appeared to be mentally upset and was unable to tell his name.
He was taken to the hospital for treatment and later handed over to the police by army troops.

http://usat.ly/1rQ0uI3Crash coming? Fear these 30 stocks
By: Matt Krantz October 2, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Mark J. Rebilas-US PRESSWIRE
“Correction” talk is back. Investors fear the market’s troubles will worsen. But one thing’s for sure: There is a group of stocks that turn toxic when the market goes seriously south.
There are 30 stocks in the current Standard & Poor’s 500, including broker E-Trade (ETFC) , Goodyear Tire (GT) and The Gap (GPS) that have declined by more than the market in each and every of the past five 10% market corrections, according to a USA TODAY review of data from S&P Capital IQ.
It might seem premature to think about battening down the hatches just because the market has been turbulent a few days. The S&P 500 is only 3% below its record high set last month. Even so, there are some serious cracks in the market already showing investors hope aren’t a harbinger for something worse. The Russell 2000 index of small companies is now down 10.2% from its March 4 closing high . That’s correction territory.
The market is certainly overdue for a correction by some measures. There hasn’t been a 10% correction since the S&P 500 dropped 19.4% between April 29, 2011 and Oct. 3, 2011, says Sam Stovall of S&P Capital IQ. Below are the other recent 10% corrections in the S&P 500:
High date
-19.4%
Source: Sam Stovall of S&P Capital IQ
Living though a 10% decline by the broad market is bad enough. But investors sitting in certain stocks have felt the pain is just pain ugly.
Financials have been a very bad spot to be during corrections. More than half the stocks that have been beaten up by more than the market in each of the past five downturns have been financials. The rest of the 14 stocks hail from three other sectors: Consumer discretionary, industrials and materials.
Source: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAY research via Microsoft Excel
What about on the individual stock level?
Take the example of online broker E-Trade. It’s hard to find a worse stock to be in during a correction. Shares of E-Trade have crashed an average of 39% during the past corrections, much worse than the average decline 15.5% by the S&P 500 during the same time period. During the last correction, which ended in Oct. 2011, E-Trade dropped an astounding 48.5%. That’s enough to make a baby cry.
Chart source: Yahoo Finance
Online brokers take it on the chin when the market goes into correction mode. Makes logical sense. When the market tanks, traders cool it that cuts commissions. Not far behind E-Trade as an ugly stock during corrections is Charles Schwab (SCHW) . That discount broker has dropped an average of 37% over the past five corrections. Ouch!
But consumer discretionary stocks suffer mightily during corrections, too. Consider Goodyear Tire. The stock catered 48% on average during the past five corrections. When the market is crashing, consumers put off any purchases they can — at least, investors think they will. It’s hard to justifying buying that extra sweater you don’t need when stocks are crashing. The Gap has fallen 32% on average during the past five corrections, including 32% during the most recent one.
Chart source: MSN Money
Clearly, there’s not a playbook that has to be followed when recessions hit. And there’s nothing to say that there’s a correction coming for the broad market at all. So far, it’s just the small stocks that are down 10%. Besides, the market has had near misses with 10% declines before only to promptly head higher.
But investors should at least know where the pain might be centered if things do get worse.
The 30 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500 that have underperformed the market in each and every of the past five 10% or greater corrections:
Company

Watch the Senates ideological middle vanish over the last two decadesBy Philip Bump October 2 Follow @pbump
This is, as you have heard repeatedly, the most divided Congress in history. There are various metrics that are used to calculated that division, but National Journal's annual vote ratings, released for the new Congress in February , offers as good an overview as you might need to prove the point. "Welcome to today's Congress," Josh Kraushaar wrote, "which in 2013 was more polarized than any Congress since National Journal began calculating its ratings in 1982."
That's true. The National Journal system measures voting records over the course of the year in an attempt to figure out which of his or her peers each member of Congress compares most closely to. For the fourth year, Kraushaar wrote, no Senate Democrat was more conservative than a Republican in that body, and vice versa. The middle ground has washed away.
But we wanted to see that erosion. So we pulled NJ's ranking data for each senator since 1993, and plotted their voting record on a scale from most to conservative to most liberal. Compare the 103rd Congress, in 1993, with today's. That purple zone in the 103rd Congress was where Republican and Democratic ideologies mixed, the left edge marked the most conservative Democrat and the right edge the most liberal Republican. There's no purple zone anymore.
One way to see how the Senate has changed is with a graph like this, with the more faded dots representing older Congresses. (Larger dots depict new senators; the colors, of course, break down by Democrat and Republican.)
But we wanted you to really be able to explore the data. So we made a tool that will let you step through the data, one Congress at a time.
One interesting thing to look at is how senators likely to face tough reelection campaigns often move toward the center. (What a surprise!) We pulled data for five incumbents facing tough reelection races. In each case, their positions in 2013 were closer to the opposite ideological pole than in the 111th Congress.
It will be interesting to see what happens to those who win reelection --  if they feel comfortable in moving back away from the center, at least until five years from now.
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He previously wrote for The Wire, the news blog of The Atlantic magazine. He has contributed to The Daily Beast, The Atlantic, The Daily, and the Huffington Post. Philip is based in New York City.

Nats opt for white towels instead of red for game of the NLDSBy Dan Steinberg October 2 Follow @dcsportsbog
(By Pablo Martinez Monsivais / AP
Before the 2012 playoffs began, the Nats announced that they would be handing out more than 40,000 rally towels for every home game of the National League Divisional Series against the Cardinals. The towels, which were handed out at all gates, were red, and had a white Curly W and the phrase “#Natitude” on them.
According to an e-mail sent from the Nats to some ticket holders back then, fans also were “encouraged to show their OCTOBER NATITUDE by wearing red to all games this week!”
Two years later, the colors have changed.
“Fans entering the ballpark through ALL GATES will receive a Postseason white rally towel, while supplies last,” the team announced on Thursday, in a press release about Game 1 of the series with the Giants.
The release further says that “as the Nationals enter the month of October, fans are encouraged to show Nothing But NATITUDE by wearing plenty of Curly W’s throughout the Postseason.” Curly Ws come in all colors, I suppose.
Kevin Frandsen, you’ll recall, made his own announcement earlier this week.
“Let’s make it a red-out on Friday night,” Frandsen said on 106.7 The Fan . “Just wear red.”
Here’s another look at the 2012 towel.
(Courtesy the Nationals)

Chance for India s bench strength to impress in warm-up tieThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Harvest Natural Resources Announces Extension of Share Purchase AgreementThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Putin says central bank s policy is balanced and flexibleThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Yahoo!/Bing Has Largest Market Share Increase Against Google in Five Years  According to New Digital Marketing ResearchThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

FDI in Telecom Jumps to $2.33 Billion in April-JulyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Roy moved back to jail; office privileges withdrawnThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Foreign direct investment in the telecom sector grew manifold to $2.33...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Fdi in telecom sector jumps manifold to $2.33bn in april-july <...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

For same reason i`m just sitting with cash  will buy after these sketc...Platinum Member
47 Followers
BlackBlades...retail is around ~16% (Upto 1 Lakh) out of which the faint hearted and low volume one`s would be a pittance. I don`t think that would impact the price in such a way. Funny part of the group is, these guys are the ones who would be expecting it to go on UC forever and will never sell the moment it goes up. It is the same group which would lick wounds when it goes down even 50% from their avg price and still wouldn`t sell thinking the share would up in next quarter.
I only see panic buying by our fellow boarders...retail selling by fellow boarders is negligible....
BTW Navratra / Vijayadashmi wishes to all...with the blessings of God of knowledge guide us to get God of prosperity & God of health to settle down in homes permanently...

Gnfc is in bullish mode. its 20dma has crossed its 50dma. it also seem...Platinum Member
129 Followers
GNFC is in bullish mode. Its 20DMA has crossed its 50DMA. It also seems to be in Elliott wave 3 in daily charts (to be confirmed above 107.70). If it is confirmed then we can look for the target of 140. But a lot depends on the market conditions, which are not exactly bullish right now. If market sustains, GNFC seems all right.
12.26 AM Oct 3rd

How One Man With a Lighter Crippled America s Air Travel
India and the US  a predictable scriptIndia and the US, a predictable script
Beyond all the glamour and hype, what exactly did Narendra Modi accomplish with his US trip?
Markets temper expectations on infrastructure sector
India’s Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington on Tuesday. Photo: PTI
Prime Minister Narendra Modi ’s much awaited US visit has finally come to an end. From something as insignificant as the prime minister fasting during Navratri to the media blitz covering his speech at Madison Square Garden, Modi’s US trip packed all the right punches. Well, almost.
Amidst all the glamour, the talks with US President Barack Obama seem to have become a mere sideshow to Modi signalling to the world that a strong Indian prime minister has arrived on the international stage.
Before Modi’s US trip, this paper had argued that there are limits to a deeper US-India strategic relationship. Considering the inertia that both countries showed towards making this a strong partnership in the last few years, coupled with Obama’s preoccupation with multiple crises and the fact that furthering relations with India was not a priority for him, this was not wholly unexpected.
Yes, there was a vision statement, a joint oped by the two leaders in the Washington Post and a joint statement after they met at the White House. But what did all of it say?
There were the usual generalities about a strategic partnership, bilateral cooperation, being natural partners, great democracies and all-round praise for great political leaders of both countries.
There was a veiled reference to China when both countries agreed to “intensify cooperation in maritime security to ensure freedom of navigation”. Japan has been stressing on this for years, and well, China has been going about its business as usual.
There was another veiled reference to Pakistan “to disrupt all financial and tactical support for networks such as Al Qaeda, Lashkar-e Taiba, Jaish-e-Mohammad, the D-Company, and the Haqqanis”. But again, we have heard this before. We have also seen complete unwillingness on Pakistan’s part to stop supporting terrorists and on the part of the US to pressurize Pakistan to do so. It is still early days to say if the Modi government would do so either. But if our efforts will be limited to joint statements with the US which rely on Pakistan’s goodwill to fight terrorists it creates and shelters, it is a gloomy picture.
On civil nuclear cooperation, “the two leaders...looked forward to advancing the dialogue to discuss all implementation issues, including but not limited to administrative issues, liability, technical issues, and licensing to facilitate the establishment of nuclear parks”. That might be a good sign depending on whether such a dialogue happens any time soon. The last time Obama met an Indian prime minister, both similarly pledged their commitment towards implementing civilian nuclear cooperation and we are yet to see words translate into actions.
New Wine, Old Bottle?
Much has changed in India-US relations in the last 20 years. The traditional hostility is long gone. But mutual suspicions remain in spite of huge investment of political capital by leaders of both countries.
Any Democrat in the White House spends his first term chasing the usual projects—healthcare, peace in the Middle East, nuclear non-proliferation and, let’s not forget this one, building a partnership with China. India does not figure in any of the checkboxes. Then in the second half of the second term, India is re-discovered. This is what happened in Bill Clinton’s time . Obama did not change the script, he merely rearranged the sentences. He visited India in 2009 but nothing big took place. Manmohan Singh visited him later, to great atmospherics (as always with things Indian), again to no great effect.
The truth about India-US ties is that they will mature over time. American impatience is understandable but then the US needs to understand where India finds itself. New Delhi cannot embrace the US against China in the same manner as it does with Japan. There is no credible assurance from the US that it will not cut a deal with Beijing on a host of issues, including India’s worst nightmare, letting its big neighbour march all over in South Asia. These fears, even if the US is friendly to India, cannot be ruled out. Calmer second terms of US presidents bring the two countries closer but that is like reinventing things. So it has been with Obama.
Modi’s meeting with business heads might well turn out to be the most important outcome of his US visit. By having clear one-on-one interactions with chief executive officers of American companies, Modi has firmly signalled his focus on getting investments into India and his willingness to remove any roadblocks that US firms might face. He has to come back and get cracking to change things on the ground instead of just stating his intentions.
Unlike China or Japan, there was no announcement regarding specific US investments in India. But that is also because the US leaves investment decisions largely to the private sector. To that extent, Modi has got a favourable response from the American private sector and this will truly be good for both India and the US.
Countries ought to be realistic about their expectations of each other. Given that he is in the second half of his second term as the US president, Obama probably has few incentives to expect much from or care too much about India. The world in Clinton’s day allowed him to give a push to relations with India. Obama’s troubles are never ending. Given that Modi’s term is just starting, and his past record of valuing business and investment as the key drivers of growth, the Indian prime minister might have well got what he wanted from this trip.
It is crucial to note, therefore, that the India-US relationship is not one of the phoenix rising from the ashes, it is about catching the last rays of a setting sun.

Jiao Zi / Imaginechina via AP
Preterm birth and pneumonia kill most children under five years in IndiaUpdated: October 1, 2014 20:47 IST
Preterm birth and pneumonia kill most children under five years in India
R. Prasad
The Hindu Use of incubators, supported infections control and kangaroo care will go a long way in preventing deaths even if the baby is preterm. Photo: V. Ganesan
TOPICS
illness
Of the 6.3 million deaths in children under the age of five years, nearly 44 per cent of deaths during 2000-2013 occurred during the neonatal period (0-27 days after birth). Preterm birth complications, pneumonia and intrapartum-related complications have been found to be the three main causes of death in children globally.
The results are published today (October 1) in the journal The Lancet. According to Li Liu from the Institute of International Programs and the first author of the paper, there will be 4.4 million deaths in children younger than five years even in 2030 if the present trend continues.
In 2013, India, Nigeria, Pakistan, the Democratic Republic of Congo and China together accounted for half of deaths in the world in children aged under five years, and 52.5 per cent of all neonatal deaths. In the case of India and Pakistan, the three leading causes were preterm birth complications, pneumonia and intrapartum-related complications, in that order. In the case of China, the order was different — intrapartum-related complications, preterm births complications and pneumonia were the three leading causes.
Globally, preterm birth complications caused 15 per cent (0.96 million) of child deaths in 2013. This was closely followed by pneumonia. While pneumonia caused only 0.14 million deaths in neonates, at 0.8 million, it was the second major cause of death across the world in children aged 1-59 months. The two periods together accounted for 0.93 million deaths caused by pneumonia in children aged under five years. As expected, diarrhoea killed more children after the neonatal period — 0.02 million during the neonatal period and nearly 0.59 million during the period 1-59 months.
Case management of pneumonia and diarrhoea can be easily implemented and large number of deaths can be prevented with minimum intervention at little cost. Use of antibiotics to treat pneumonia and timely oral rehydration therapy in the case of diarrhoea can prevent deaths in children under five years.
“Deaths due to pneumonia and diarrhoea can be reduced in India. The coverage [of antibiotics and oral rehydration therapy] is not wide enough in India ... it’s not sufficient,” Prof. Robert E. Black from the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health and the Corresponding author of the paper told this Correspondent. “Pneumonia [occurs] during and after neonatal period and diarrhoea [occurs] mainly after neonatal period.”
For pneumonia less than 30 per cent of children in India receive antibiotics, and over 600 million defecate in the open and have very poor access to clean drinking water resulting in most cases of diarrhoea.
“Compared to managing premature babies which involves sometimes months of intensive care, complex medical treatments and follow-ups, treatment for pneumonia (early diagnosis and three-day antibiotic treatment costing about Rs.25) and diarrhoea (oral rehydration therapy) are relatively straight forward and will save a lot more lives in the short term,” Dr Nicholas Furtado Attending Paediatrician, University of Illinois Hospital and Health Sciences System, Chicago said in an email to this Correspondent. Dr. Furtado was not involved in the study.
“In the long term, prevention of pneumonia by immunisation, acute diarrhoea by improving water supply and sanitation, and decreasing prematurity through quality care before, during and after birth would be the most important ways to decreased under five mortality rate,” Dr. Furtado noted.
Explaining why pneumonia cases are more common than diarrhoea, Dr. Furtado said: “During the neonatal period the lungs are immature and more prone to infection.”
Simple measures like exclusive breastfeeding for six months can further cut the number of diarrhoeal episodes and deaths in children. However, only about 46 per cent of children in India were exclusively breastfed for six months during 2005-2006.
It is to be noted that reduction in pneumonia, diarrhoea and measles during the period 2000-2013 has led to nearly 50 per cent decrease in deaths in children under five years.
Preterm births
India is one of the 10 countries with an estimated 100,000 to 250,000 preterm births in 2010. Preterm births cause about 50 per cent of neonatal mortality. “The causes of preterm births are not known. Conditions like high blood pressure in pregnant mothers and infections during pregnancy are some of the reasons. In a majority of cases no cause can be attributed. It’s hard to prevent preterm births,” said Prof. Black.
“Preterm birth complications will probably remain the leading cause of neonatal and under five deaths,” the paper notes.
But measures like supported infections control, kangaroo care (skin to skin contact of the baby with the mother to keep the baby warm) and use of incubators will go a long way in preventing deaths even when the baby is preterm. “We can’t prevent preterm births but can treat them and prevent most of the deaths,” Prof. Black said.
“In this analysis we didn’t include small for [gestational] age as a risk factor,” he said. Most small-for-gestational-age infants are born in India, Pakistan, Nigeria, and Bangladesh.
A July 2013 Comment piece in The Lancet notes: “In 2010, an estimated 32·4 million infants were born [at term but] small for gestational age in low- and middle-income countries (27 per cent of live births).”

Ford rekindles America s love affair with the MustangFord rekindles America's love affair with the Mustang
Ford Mustang celebrates 50 years with 2015 model
The Ford Mustang is celebrating its big 5-0 birthday by introducing the all-new 2015 model. Consumer Reports tested the first Mustang 50 years ago and now has the latest model at its track.
The Ford Mustang is celebrating its big 5-0 birthday by introducing the all-new 2015 model. Consumer Reports tested the first Mustang 50 years ago and now has the latest model at its track.
By Kirk Bell, Special to the Tribune
2015 Ford Mustang 5L V8 is the pinnacle of 50 years of Mustang evolution; it's worth every penny.
2015 Ford Mustang EcoBoost offers willing thrust across the rev range without the hint of turbo lag.
50 years of the Ford Mustang has resulted in the best Mustang to date, in both the 5L V8 and 2.3L EcoBoost.
Since it first appeared at the New York World's Fair on April 17, 1964, America has loved the Ford Mustang. We loved it when it got too big in the early 1970s and when it got too small and chintzy a couple years later. We loved it when it revived American muscle in the mid 1980s and even when it rode that same flimsy platform 20 years later. We have especially loved it since 2005's retro redesign and the return of the 5.0 V8 in 2011.
Caption 2015 Ford Mustang 5.0 GT
Robert Duffer
2015 Ford Mustang 5-liter V8 GT at the Midwest Automotive Media Association's Fall Rally at the Autobahn Country Club in Joliet, Ill.
2015 Ford Mustang 5-liter V8 GT at the Midwest Automotive Media Association's Fall Rally at the Autobahn Country Club in Joliet, Ill. (Robert Duffer)
Caption 2015 Ford Mustang
Robert Duffer
2015 Ford Mustang with the 2.3-Liter EcoBoost engine (left) and 5-liter V8 GT (right) at the Midwest Automotive Media Association's Fall Rally at the Autobahn Country Club in Joliet, Ill.
2015 Ford Mustang with the 2.3-Liter EcoBoost engine (left) and 5-liter V8 GT (right) at the Midwest Automotive Media Association's Fall Rally at the Autobahn Country Club in Joliet, Ill. (Robert Duffer)
Caption 2015 Ford Mustang
Rick Loomis / Los Angeles Times
Ford Mustangs sit in the parking lot of Mel's Drive-in before they were picked up and taken for test rides by automotive critics.
Ford Mustangs sit in the parking lot of Mel's Drive-in before they were picked up and taken for test rides by automotive critics. (Rick Loomis / Los Angeles Times)
Caption 2015 Ford Mustang
Rick Loomis / Los Angeles Times
A new 2015 Ford Mustang in the parking lot of Mel's Drive-in in West Hollywood on Sept. 17. Ford brought a fleet of 50 early-production Mustangs to Southern California for 250 car critics to put the car through its paces in the local mountains and on the Pacific Coast Highway.
A new 2015 Ford Mustang in the parking lot of Mel's Drive-in in West Hollywood on Sept. 17. Ford brought a fleet of 50 early-production Mustangs to Southern California for 250 car critics to put the car through its paces in the local mountains and on the Pacific Coast Highway. (Rick Loomis / Los Angeles Times)

Ford Mustang celebrates 50 years with 2015 modelFord Mustang celebrates 50 years with 2015 model
Ford Mustang celebrates 50 years with 2015 model
Ford Mustang celebrates 50 years with 2015 model
Ford Mustang celebrates 50 years with 2015 model

IT stocks still cheap despite recent surge: GoldmanIT stocks still cheap despite recent surge, says Goldman Sachs
ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 06.17AM IST
Tags:
Cyclicals
(IT stocks have outperformed…)
MUMBAI: Valuations of information technology (IT) stocks are at a discount to that of the Nifty despite the recent outperformance, said Goldman Sachs . Within the sector, the investment bank prefers stocks such as Tech Mahindra , TCS and HCL Technologies over Mindtree, Wipro and Infosys on the ground of better revenue visibility.
"Relative to its own history, sector valuations are not stretched and imply dollar revenue growth of 14% versus our forecast of 15% CAGR (compounded annual growth rate) in FY14-FY16E (estimates)," said Goldman's analysts Rishi Jhunjhunwala and defensives , in a client note.
IT stocks have outperformed the Nifty by 12% since elections results in mid-May as investors shifted from cyclicals to defensives, the investment bank said.
On Wednesday, most IT stocks ended higher in a subdued market.
Wipro rose 3.2%, Infosys gained 2.7% and TCS advanced 1.4%. Mindtree fell 2.7%. The strength in these stocks could be in the run up to the July-September results, said analysts.
Earnings of IT companies in the quarter ended September 30 have been historically strong, but market expectations from some largecap companies, including Infosys and Wipro, appear subdued, according to Goldman. "On revenue growth, TCS, HCL and TechM are best placed among large caps while for Infosys focus will be around strategy announcements by the new CEO on October 10, in our view," said the Goldman analysts.
The calendar year 2015 could be a better year than 2014 for the IT industry , the investment bank said.
"2015 would be one of the strongest years for the deal restructuring market, as per ISG. We believe that this may result in better market share gains and revenue growth for Indian IT companies in 2015," the Goldman analysts said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ask Kim: How are custodial accounts taxed0
Custodial accounts -- also called Uniform Transfers to Minors Act or Uniform Gifts to Minors Act accounts -- have fewer tax advantages than they did in the past. Now, the first $1,000 of the child's investment income is tax-free, and the next $1,000 is taxed at the child's rate (often 10 percent, which is the lowest income tax bracket). Investment earnings above $2,000 are taxed in the parents' bracket until the child turns 19 (or 24 if they're a full-time student). (In the past, the child's rate would apply after he or she turned 14.) See the instructions to IRS Form 8615 at http://www.irs.gov for the calculations.
You can use money from the custodial account for educational expenses, but you can also use it for other expenses to benefit the child, such as travel, camp, tutoring or a computer. When the child reaches the age of majority (usually 18 or 21, depending on the state), he or she gets full control of the money in the account and can use it for anything -- one of the biggest drawbacks of custodial accounts.
Opening a custodial account for your kid can be a great way to teach him or her about investing, but if you plan to use the money for college costs, a better alternative tax-wise is to contribute to a 529 college-savings plan. Money from a 529 plan can be used tax-free for tuition, room and board, and other expenses. Your 529 contributions may also be tax-deductible, depending on your state, and you can change the beneficiary to another family member. (Custodial-account contributions are irrevocable.) See "The Best 529 College-Savings Plans" at Kiplinger.com for our top picks. Another option for education expenses is a Coverdell education savings account, which can be used tax-free for college as well as certain educational expenses for kindergarten through grade 12.
(Kimberly Lankford is a contributing editor to Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine. Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com . And for more on this and similar money topics, visit Kiplinger.com .)
(c) 2014 Kiplinger's Personal Finance; Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

What Are the Keys to Chipotle s SuccessAnswer by Brian Roemmele , Alchemist & Metaphysician
Legendary Success
Like all great successes, there are many things that converge and conspire for a company's ascension to the heights of legendary status.  In Chipotle case, I will suggest just a few.
Elegant Simplicity
The best quick service food concepts are built on elegant simplicity.  There is a genealogy that starts from the original, 1921 White Castle up to 1948 In-N-Out Burger and through to 2011 Chipotle.
There is a dedication to high quality basic ingredients with no compromise on standards. When these companies created their food concepts, there was a purposeful constriction on food choices.
Company Owned And Operated
There is also another common ground to these companies: they only allow centrally controlled corporate owned locations. When done correctly, this allows for fine control of food quality and customer experience.
The above mentioned companies created an iconic experience that encompasses the entire experience from food quality and presentation, store architecture / layout. In the case of White Castle the company maintained an image of quality up to the 1960s where there was a great deal of changes to the concept and business model. In its epoch, White Castle was viewed far differently than the image it has today; it was your Grandpa's Chipotle in just about every way. In-N-Out Burger still operates in the same basic manner as they did in 1948 with very little change. Today Chipotle carries the same ethos and takes it to a much deeper level. There are many dimensions to this that one could never address in this venue; here I will address just a few points.
Clear Mission
Chipotle's roots are built around the mission of "Food with Integrity". This concept is quite honest and resonates with the direction most people are moving towards. Organic, non frozen food with a concern about the respect paid to the animals and the land. This also goes directly to the health concerns most have for the foods they consume. This mission statement is genuine and resonates directly from founder Steve Ells. Each location reinforces that mission with phrases like "No Microwaves Here", etc.  As simple as this may seem, it has a maximum impact.
Simple Product
The burrito has been around for quite some time in the American quick service food market. Clearly Taco Bell has taken this food to the mass market. Chipotle's Steve Ells was intrigued by the great burrito shops he found in San Francisco. He took this vision to Denver, Colorado in an old Dolly Madison ice cream store.
A Willingness To Break The Rules
There is a need to break the prior rules when creating a new food concept.  This is not breaking rules just to break them; it is a rethinking of the entire process.
"Basically, everything I was doing was 'wrong,' "says the founder and chief executive of Chipotle Mexican Grill.
"They said: 'Well, no, people don't want to sit on plywood chairs at stainless-steel tabletops. You can't have every customer go through a line and customize the burrito.' The price point was too high, the portion size was too large, the spice level was too intense."
There are other things that play into the experience:
Iconic Product - When rethinking the rules it is important to find something new, perhaps exciting and iconic about the product and its presentation. Chipotle took the simplicity of the foil wrap and made it into a functional and iconic experience.
Have It Your Way - Custom tailoring in any business is irresistible. Having this in your food choices has the same impact. Chipotle wisely creates a palette of of options that the customer can build into 65,000 combinations!
Integrated Marketing - Everything about Chipotle has a marketing aspect, from the employees' shirts to the iconic foil covered burrito. Customer engagement marketing with info bytes printed on the drink cups relaying facts (e.g. "Chipotle is the No. 1 purchaser of fresh avocados in the US"). Even their trucks have funky, memorable marketing communications written on them.
Clear Branding Message - The Chipotle brand has a clear message: serve fresh, healthy, natural food in a clean and efficient manner at a reasonable price.
Architecture -  Each location maintains a simple and direct design with a crisp and fresh feel to the experience. There is a purposefulness to accentuate a rather active, loud and dynamic feel to the experience. This is achieved by using highly reflective surfaces that amplify sound even when there are few people in the location. This dynamic experience makes the customer feel like "something is going on".
Corporate Social Responsibility Commitments - Chipotle recycles, and it buys naturally raised meats and locally grown vegetables. The company also is very active in local charities especially focused on hunger issues.
Customer Responsiveness - Write, call, email, tweet  Chipotle and their response is virtually immediate.
A Path To Successes
In my view every single success and every single non-success yields great insight, with this, one can see a path to apply the underpinnings but not necessarily the exact method to forge a new path to legendary success.
More questions on Quora :

Manufacturing s New Virtuous Cyclereddit
The bellboy at my hotel said it all last week. He told me there wasn't a hotel room to be found in the city of Chicago, and many suburban hotels were sold out, too. He seemed a bit surprised: All of this for a manufacturing show?!
Yes, with attendance at the International Manufacturing Technology Show (IMTS) topping 114,000, it's clear that we've entered a new era of cutting-edge manufacturing technology that is ready to change the global economy in new ways. FABTECH 2014, to be held Nov. 11-13 in Atlanta, also promises to be a blowout.
Larry Stockline, CEO of Promess, a Metro Detroit-based company that specializes in advanced monitoring and motion systems, told me that this was easily "the best IMTS of all time." His sentiment was echoed everywhere I went, except for maybe a few folks who were getting a little nervous about some of their older manufacturing technologies being displaced by all-new processes, such as additive manufacturing or 3D printing.
In any case, I'm going to call it as I see it: We have entered a virtuous cycle in North American manufacturing. An influx of advanced manufacturing technologies has leveled the playing field on labor costs. We're now competing on other factors, such as talent, materials, logistics and old-fashioned goodies, like strategy. These are driving old and new manufacturing work back home. And the more the supply chain comes back, the more others see and believe in the business case for these new technologies. It's a system that is reinforcing itself.
Who would have ever guessed -- after bleeding millions of manufacturing jobs for decades -- that we'd be here? No wonder folks were downright ecstatic at the show!
Here are some exciting tidbits our team here at Advanced Manufacturing Media picked up at the show:
Modig Machine Tool, a 70-year-old Swedish company that made the first commercial high-speed machining center in 1987 and is established in global aerospace circles, is coming to America for the first time. It's opening a US operation in Chicago this year.
Germany's EMAG, which makes a variety of machines, said you can now use its advanced equipment to build a complete automotive transmission on just three modular machines. One automaker is already using it.
Sandvik, the Swedish tool company, showed off its Adveon digital tool library, using standard tooling language that could revolutionize how quickly CAM, or computer-aided manufacturing, programs are built out with tooling. It brings an Amazon-store like flavor to tool selection and everybody is welcome to contribute tooling data.
Big Kaiser, meanwhile, showed off some gorgeous Speroni tool presetting systems from Italy, which use software and vision systems to measure and set tools in new ways. So, yes, even the tool presetters are in the digital communication matrix now for the digital factory of the future.
All of this revolutionary technology -- and, yes, a lot of it can credibly use the "R" word -- isn't just at the high end of the market either. Take Mazak, which showed off a new mill-turn in its Universal Series, at the value end of the market, that shows innovative thinking in a new turret design. Chuck Birkle, VP of sales and marketing, told me that it shows innovation is really springing up at all ends of the manufacturing technology market.
If you still have some anxiety about learning the new technologies being layered onto older processes, or all-new technologies, know that you're not alone. The technology providers know that it's out there, and they're offering more application support than ever. Doosan Infracore, for example, unveiled a new service commitment at the show across its entire product line.
Also keep in mind: With this much change underfoot, you have to be on top of your game, learning and assessing how this manufacturing world is changing fast. If you don't keep up now, chances are good that you won't benefit from this new cycle of change.
This article was originally published at www.AdvancedManufacturing.org.
Follow Sarah A. Webster on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MfgEngNews
More:

Spanish jobless claims rise by 19 700 in SeptemberOct 02, 2014, 12.39 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Spanish jobless claims rise by 19,700 in September
Spanish jobless claims rise by 19,700 in September
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Spanish jobless claims rise by 19,700 in September
Spanish jobless claims rise by 19,700 in September
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - The number of unemployed people in Spain rose for the second consecutive month in September, underlining concerns over the health of the euro zone's fourth largest economy, official data showed on Thursday.
In a report, Spain's Employment Ministry said the number of unemployed people rose by a seasonally adjusted 19,700 last month, compared to expectations for an increase of 31,300. The number of unemployed people rose by 8,100 in August.
EUR/USD was trading at 1.2625 from around 1.2630 ahead of the release of the data, while EUR/GBP was at 0.7794 from 0.7797 earlier.
Meanwhile, European stock markets were lower after the open. Spain's IBEX 35 shed 0.6%, the DJ Euro Stoxx 50 declined 0.6%, France's CAC 40 dipped 0.35%, Germany's DAX retreated 0.5%, while London's FTSE 100 slumped 0.3%.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Report: Law enforcement agencies around the U.S. distributed dubious safety software to publicBy Andrea Peterson October 2 Follow @kansasalps
The current ComputerCOP Web site. (ComputerCOP)
The Internet can be a scary place. But a new investigation by the Electronic Frontier Foundation says that software distributed by law enforcement around the country aimed at protecting children online could actually make it worse.
Hundreds of thousands of copies of the ComputerCOP, a piece of software targeted at helping parents monitor the online activities of their children, have been handed out to families by local law enforcement, typically as part of "Internet Safety" initiatives and usually in packaging with the agency's official seal, according to EFF. But aspects of the software appear to mimic the functionality of malware, the privacy watchdog says, and could override protections in place to help minimize the risks online.
The way ComputerCOP works is neither safe nor secure. It isn’t particularly effective either, except for generating positive PR for the law enforcement agencies distributing it. As security software goes, we observed a product with a keystroke-capturing function, also called a “keylogger,” that could place a family’s personal information at extreme risk by transmitting what a user types over the Internet to third-party servers without encryption. That means many versions of ComputerCOP leave children (and their parents, guests, friends, and anyone using the affected computer) exposed to the same predators, identity thieves, and bullies that police claim the software protects against.
Such keystroke logging could collect passwords or other sensitive information from adults as well as children -- although a pop-up on ComputerCOP warns that its use against unconsenting adults could be crime. According to EFF, while the Mac version of the software encrypts these logs on the users' hard drive, the Windows version stores them unencrypted. And parents can also set the software to e-mail them when certain keywords are typed, transmitting unencrypted keylogs to a third-party server which then sends the e-mail.
EFF further worries that ComputerCOP's keylogging could undermine HTTPS encryption on Web sites like Facebook and Google -- while HTTPS secures data users share with a website, depending on the configuration ComputerCOP would capture keystrokes before they're protected by the encryption and then transmit them it in the clear if a keyword is triggered.
Some copies of the software was packaged with a letter of apparent endorsement from the Treasury Executive Office for Asset Forfeiture, which EFF says was "significantly altered." After the group contacted the Treasury to inquire about the letter, the agency issued a fraud alert :
A falsified letter from the Treasury Executive Office for Asset Forfeiture  is being circulated indicating that the Treasury approves or endorses this product: it does not. Neither the Treasury nor the Treasury Executive Office for Asset Forfeiture endorses this or any other particular product and the use of equitable sharing funds does not in any way imply such an endorsement.
ComputerCOP did not immediately respond to a Washington Post request for comment.
Update: Stephen DelGiornio, the head of ComputerCOP operations, told the Washington Post via e-mail that the keylogging capabilities must be specifically installed by parents and suggested that the issues associated with this aspect of the software are less serious than EFF implies:
The product's keystroke utility is termed "limited" because it captures only the keywords entered by the parent/guardian and small subset of words from the product's keyword library such as "meet me." It does not capture every keystroke. In addition, ComputerCOP does not send an email without the parent/guardian entering in his/her email address. And the email is sent only to that parent/guardian. There is no third party. Moreover, the typical way parents review captured material is to review it on the computer the next time the product is used and not via email.
Andrea Peterson covers technology policy for The Washington Post, with an emphasis on cybersecurity, consumer privacy, transparency, surveillance and open government.

Scandal amid success in Mexico drugs warScandal amid success in Mexico drugs war
By Jude Webber in Mexico City
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2658d130-4a1d-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ex-Obama adviser on Hong Kong: We have to focus on realityBy William Wan October 2 Follow @thewanreport
HONG KONG -- While student-led protests continue to paralyze Hong Kong, many in Washington -- including President Obama, who brought the issue up with Chinese officials Wednesday -- are watching closely.
How the protests play out has implications not just for Hong Kong -- one of the world's largest financial hubs -- but for China, its opaque Communist leadership and the U.S.-China relationship.
As the Obama administration’s former top adviser on Asia, Jeff Bader is an expert on all three fronts. We asked him to unpack the implications of Hong Kong’s protests in an interview Thursday:
WorldViews: How are China’s leaders likely viewing these protests?
Jeff Bader: I have strong sympathy for the cause of the demonstrators, but I also think, when talking about where this is headed, we have to focus on reality, not purely idealism. The reality is Beijing is quite intractable.  They have a different sensibility and perspective.  It's an illusion to project Western wishful thinking onto how they approach this issue.  They see Chinese stability, as well as the leadership of the party, at stake. These are issues on which there is almost no room for compromise.
There is fragility in China and the belief among the leadership that if something happens in Hong Kong there will be a contagious effect on the mainland that might prove irresistible. This underlies what they do. Those of us who have been dealing with China for decades shouldn’t be surprised by that. So none of us should delude ourselves that there could be a change of heart or softness coming from China just around the corner. They're going to hold their line.
Police in Hong Kong warned protesters that they will not tolerate pro-democracy protesters' threats to occupy government buildings if Chief Executive Leung Chun-Ying does not step down. (AP)
How long can these protests keep going on?
I have doubts about the sustainability about protests. Not because the cause isn't an admirable one. But let's compare with Tahrir Square [in Cairo, where demonstrations erupted in 2011] or Tiananmen in 1989. Those were places where people felt they had nothing to lose. That's why you had millions turning out. People were aligning their aspirations with them.
Hong Kong could not be more different. Hong Kong is one of the most successful cities on the earth. People have very good lives. They don't see democratic development as the key to a good life, which they already have. They would like it, but they have other objectives, which the current economic and social system in Hong Kong effectively promote and ensure.
So it's unrealistic to think that millions of Hong Kongers are going to remain supportive or even tolerant over weeks as the city grinds to halt. The sympathies are going to shift if this continues. I don't doubt that. People may be sympathetic, but reality and the needs of daily life intrude. And they're not going to put their lives on hold for a pipe dream. So [Hong Kong chief executive Leung Chun-ying's] strategy so far of watching and waiting is not stupid.
Is there a constructive way out, or is there just an ending where one side wins and one side loses?
Beijing is not going to lose. They're just not willing to, and they have the power to make that will stick. So what's the off-ramp? You need demonstrators and sensible leaders among the democrats to say, "This election China’s promised is better than what Hong Kong had before." It's universal suffrage; it's the first time Hong Kong will ever have a competitive election for chief executive. It falls short of a free, open competitive election. But it is at least a competitive election, where candidates have to appeal to the public to win.
The real objective should be getting some promise of change on the percentage of people on the election commission required to nominate a candidate, in order to ensure that the candidates truly represent the entire electorate. If everyone just ends up going home and protests fade, and the 50 percent threshold [meaning Beijing’s absolute control over the nomination process] stays the same without a commitment to revisit the threshold in the future, Beijing will conclude that intransigence has won, and the demonstrators will have nothing to show for their effort.
Long-term, do you think these protests will change how China’s leaders think about Hong Kong or uprisings?
For the party, these events probably makes them more determined to assert and maintain control. It shows them the risk of relaxing control. A small handful may say we're playing with fire by going harder, but the more common reaction is this is Tiananmen all over. You show lack of resolve, and this is what we get. It could in many ways give ammunition to hardliners within the party.
Does it change how Hong Kong thinks about itself?
For Hong Kong, the generational aspect of these protests matters. Depending how this ends, for a lot of young Hong Kongers, it could mean they're going to move. They may get a bit of a brain drain like during the 1997 handover [when the British returned Hong Kong to China].
Jeff Bader served as deputy consul general for the U.S. consulate in Hong Kong. He attended Hong Kong's 1997 handover to China as a top U.S. diplomat with then-Secretary of State Madeleine Albright, and most recently was the White House’s top official for East Asia at the National Security Council.
William Wan is The Post’s China correspondent based in Beijing. He served previously as a religion reporter and diplomatic correspondent.

BJP goes soft on Sena as Uddhav cries betrayal | Post-poll alliance on cardsBJP goes soft on Shiv Sena as Uddhav Thackeray cries betrayal
PTI Oct 2, 2014, 08.23PM IST
Tags:
Bal Thackeray
(Invoking Maratha king Shivaji…)
MUMBAI/AHMEDABAD: As BJP appeared going soft on Shiv Sena by talking of a post-poll partnership in Maharashtra, the latter today went on the offensive, accusing it of splitting the saffron alliance to play the 'Vidarbha card' to garner votes in the region.
Invoking Maratha king Shivaji and his own father, Shiv Sena founder Bal Thackeray, Sena president Uddhav Thackeray said his party had been "betrayed" by BJP.
"You (BJP) broke the alliance with Shiv Sena because you knew you will never be able to divide Maharashtra as long as we were there. But keep one thing in mind, we will never allow Chhatrapati Shivaji's Maharashtra to fall prey to your tactics. Maharashtra was, is, and will stay as one," he said addressing a rally at Phaltan in Satara district.
BJP has been a votary of a separate Vidarbha state, which Shiv Sena has consistently opposed.
BJP has recently been trying to woo the Marathi voters, who form Shiv Sena's support base, by appropriating its slogan of "Jai Bhavani, Jai Shivaji" and its campaign advertisements splashed across English and vernacular dailies carry a catchline "Shiv Chhatrapati Ka Aashirwad, Chalo Chalein Modi Ke Saath (with blessing of Shivaji, let's walk alongside (Narendra) Modi."
Shiv Sena chief's fulmination against BJP over its stand on Vidharba while invoking the Maratha king was apparently aimed at neutralising the latter's effort to claim his party's enduring icon.
Addressing another rally at Parbhani in Marathwada region, Uddhav ridiculed BJP for seeking Shivaji's blessings during the poll, saying the party never even cared to celebrate Shiv Jayanti.
Uddhav said if the Sena could help BJP's rise in Maharashtra, it can well be the cause of its downfall.
"BJP has betrayed the blessings given to it by my father (Bal Thackeray). People are watching everything and they know the truth. If we can stand behind you when you were a non-entity in the state to make you an important political player, we can certainly be the cause for your downfall as well," the Sena leader said.
Even as Shiv Sena chief talked tough, senior BJP leader and Union minister Nitin Gadkari described the split in the saffron alliance as "unfortunate and painful" and went on to say his party may consider forging a post-poll alliance in Maharashtra "if the situation arises" as the two parties had been bound by a common "Hindutva" ideology.
"If the situation arises, we can certainly think of that. Shiv Sena has been our ally, bound together by Hindutva," he told a Marathi TV channel.
"We have the same amount of love for Bal Thackeray as we have for Atalji," he said, apparently trying to keep Shiv Sena in good humour despite the bitter parting of ways.
Gadkari also said the lone Shiv Sena member in the Union Cabinet Anant Geete need not resign and that nobody from BJP had asked him to step down.
Uddhav had on Monday said a decision on whether to withdraw from BJP-led NDA would be taken only after discussing the issue with Prime Minister Narendra Modi on his return from the US.
  "Joining NDA and then pulling out is not that easy. All MPs who have been elected and those who could not win have bagged votes of both Shiv Sena and BJP. It is the people's mandate. A decision will be taken after discussions with Prime Minister Modi and considering what our supporters feel," he had said.
Meanwhile, breaking his silence over the break up with Shiv Sena, BJP veteran L K Advani, who had been close to Bal Thackeray, said he would have been happier if the alliance had continued.
"I would have been happier if this (alliance) had not been broken. But, this is also right that people from our party were saying that the seat-sharing formula was not proper and we (BJP) should get more seats," Advani, who has been pushed to the sidelines in the party and is largely not involved in decision-making, told reporters in Ahmedabad.
He said Uddhav had called him up after BJP ended its 25-year-old alliance with Sena after which he had spoken to Gadkari, who said he was dealing with the issue.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fuel cos incurred Rs 26.6K cr losses over 5...Fuel companies absorbed Rs 26,600 crore losses on sales in 5 years: Oil Ministry
PTI Oct 2, 2014, 06.52PM IST
(Comptroller and Auditor…)
NEW DELHI: With CAG castigating state-owned fuel retailers for overcharging customers by Rs 26,626 crore over 5 years, Oil Ministry has defended the PSUs saying they had absorbed Rs 28,680 crore in losses on fuel sales during that period.
The Comptroller and Auditor General of India in its latest report stated that Indian Oil Corp, Hindustan Petroleum Corp and Bharat Petroleum Corp overcharged customers by Rs 26,626 crore from 2007-08 to 2011-12 by charging notional levies like customs duty on fuel they sold.
In comments on CAG observation, the ministry defended the pricing methodology followed by the oil marketing companies (OMCs) of calculating the desired retail price in a manner as if the product was imported - adding customs duty, freight, insurance, ocean loss and wharfage charge to prevailing international price of petrol, diesel, LPG or kerosene.
This they do because they import nearly 80 per cent of their raw material (crude oil) need and pay import parity price for the oil they buy from domestic producers, official sources said.
The retail price for diesel, LPG and kerosene has always been lower than cost and the difference has been met through subsidy support.
"As against the stated benefit of Rs 26,626 crore, OMCs were asked to bear the under-recoveries amounting to Rs 28,680 crore during the same period from 2007-12. Hence, no undue benefit was available to OMCs in the existing pricing mechanism," a source said.
Refining is a cyclical industry characterised by very volatile prices. Providing some level of protection and thereby adequate refining margins is necessary for encouraging investment in expansion, and more importantly in modernisation of domestic refineries. Failure on this front can impede our quest for energy security.
Also, the profit margins of OMCs are only around 1 per cent of their total turnover which are the lowest as compared to the global peers -- 10 per cent of Exxon Mobil, 11.2 per cent of Chevron and 7.6 per cent of Brazil's Petrobras.
Similarly, as compared to the profit margin of their PSU peers in energy sector -- NTPC (17.5 per cent), Coal India (21.9 per cent) and ONGC (26.5% per cent), the profit margin of OMCs are negligible, they said.
Sources said during 2007-08, 2008-09 studies were conducted by the Cost Accounts Branch of Department of Expenditure, in Ministry of Finance to work out the amount of under-recoveries of the OMCs under the current methodology and actual refinery cost method.
Similar study was also conducted for the period April- September 2010 and 2011-12. Only small differences were observed in the under-recovery amount worked out kinder both the mechanisms, they said.
Currently, there is no customs duty on crude oil while a 2.5 per cent import duty is charged on inward shipment of petrol and diesel. During post part of the audit period, crude oil attracted a 5 per cent customs duty, while a 7.5 per cent import duty was levied on products.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Foreign investors pull back from Indian equities marketThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Supreme Court takes case on duration of traffic stopsToday the Supreme Court granted cert in Rodriguez v. United States , a case on the duration of traffic stops. Here’s the Question Presented from the cert petition :
This Court has held that, during an otherwise lawful traffic stop, asking a driver to exit a vehicle, conducting a drug sniff with a trained canine, or asking a few off-topic questions are “de minimis” intrusions on personal liberty that do not require reasonable suspicion of criminal activity in order to comport with the Fourth Amendment. This case poses the question of whether the same rule applies after the conclusion of the traffic stop, so that an officer may extend the already-completed stop for a canine sniff without reasonable suspicion or other lawful justification.
I wrote a post on Rodriguez back in February that I’ll reprint below in light of the grant:
Imagine a police officer pulls over a car for a routine traffic violation, such as speeding or driving with a broken taillight. During the stop, the officer develops a hunch that there may be drugs in the car. He contacts a local K-9 unit and requests a trained drug-sniffing dog; when the unit arrives, another officer will walk the dog around the car to see if it alerts to drugs inside. Although the Supreme Court has held that the use of the dog is not a search, the length of a warrantless stop must be reasonable. The officer can’t delay the driver forever.
This raises a question of Fourth Amendment law that has led to a lot of lower court litigation: If the officer has no reasonable suspicion that drugs are in the car — that is, he only has a hunch — how long can the traffic stop be delayed before the dog arrives and checks out the car?
This might seem like a really technical question. But it’s actually pretty important. If courts say that the police can’t extend the stop even one second to bring over the dogs, then the dogs will only be used when they happen to be right there or some reasonable suspicion exists specifically justifying their use. On the other hand, if the courts say that the police can extend the stop for a long time, then the police will be free to bring out the dogs at routine traffic stops whenever they like.
Lower courts have generally answered the question by adopting a de minimis doctrine. Officers can extend the stop and wait for the dogs for a de minimis amount of time. But exactly how long is that?
Just yesterday, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit held in United States v. Rodriguez that seven to eight minutes is de minimis. On the other hand, the Supreme Court of Nevada held a few months ago in State v. Beckman that nine minutes is too long.
These are just lower-court decisions, of course, and there is room to argue that duration alone isn’t the only criteria for whether a stop was too long.
Plus, the Supreme Court has been reluctant to announce arbitrary-sounding time limits on Fourth Amendment searches and seizures. Off the top of my head, the only time it has suggested such limits is County of Riverside v. McLaughlin, and even then it did so only because an earlier decision that did not suggest a specific time limit had caused significant chaos in the lower courts in that specific context.
But as of yesterday, the simple (if simplistic) answer to the question might have unusual mathematical precision, at least if you accept the lower court cases as correct. The Constitution allows the police to extend the stop without suspicion for eight minutes, but not a minute longer.
Importantly, today’s grant is on whether there should be a “de minimis” rule at all, not on how low long it should extend. Reading over the cert-stage materials, there was a split on that question. The Court has now granted cert to resolve the split.
Orin Kerr is the Fred C. Stevenson Research Professor at The George Washington University Law School, where he has taught since 2001. He teaches and writes in the area of criminal procedure and computer crime law.

Americans have no idea how the government spends moneyPhoto by Flickr user 401(K) 2012 , via a CC license.
One third of Americans think the government spends more on foreign aid than on social security.
The Pew Research Center recently polled Americans on how much they know about events in the news ( want to test yourself? go take their quiz ). People were generally knowledgeable about items related to current events and debates -- ISIS, Ukraine and the minimum wage. But when it comes to how much the government spends on various programs? Not so much.
Pew asked respondents which program the government spent the most money on: Social Security, transportation, foreign aid, or interest on the national debt. Here's how they responded:
The most popular answer was foreign aid at 33 percent, followed by interest on the debt, at 26 percent. Twenty percent named Social Security, and an additional 4 percent named transportation. For comparison, here's how much money we *actually* spend on those things:
Social Security is the largest item in the list by far, at $773 billion in spending in fiscal year 2012. That's roughly 17 times the annual spending on foreign aid, 8 times the amount spent on transportation, and 3.5 times the amount spent on net interest on the debt.
Responses to this question show how Americans' understanding of their world is deeply influenced by their political leanings and preconceived notions. Foreign aid is consistently rated as the least popular spending category by Americans, even though it accounts for roughly 1 percent of the federal budget . Several years of hysterics surrounding the debt and deficit have also clearly convinced people that debt spending takes up a larger share of the budget than it actually does.
By contrast, Social Security is consistently rated as one of the most popular government programs.
It's worth noting that this was one of the questions that the fewest people answered correctly in Pew's quiz. More people were able to correctly identify the chair of the Federal Reserve, the country with the most Shia Muslims, and the name of the Prime Minister of Israel.
Christopher Ingraham writes about politics, drug policy and all things data. He previously worked at the Brookings Institution and the Pew Research Center.

Denial of visa is like bullying: Dalai Lamacape town
(The World Peace summit was cancelled and…)
DHARAMSALA/SHIMLA: Peeved over denial of visa by South African government under pressure from China, Tibetan spiritual head and Nobel laureate Dalai Lama today said that "it is an act of abuse" and "like bullying".
Appreciating the solidarity expressed by Nobel laureates Jody Williams, Shirin Ebadi and others on the 25th anniversary of conferment of Nobel Peace prize on him, Dalai Lama said, "Action of South African government is like bullying a humble person with no protection".
In his brief speech on the occasion, Dalai Lama said, "You are my protection," pointing towards fellow laureates Iran's Shirin Ebadi and the US' Jody Williams, who were present at a function to mark the silver jubilee celebrations of the Dalai Lama's Nobel Peace Prize.
The exiled Tibetan leader based at Dharamsala in Himachal Pradesh had applied for a visa to South Africa on August 27 last to attend the 14th World Summit of Nobel Peace laureates to be held in Cape Town October 13 to 15 but the visa was not granted.
This was the third time in five years that the Dalai Lama has called off his visit to South Africa.
The Tibetan spiritual leader was conferred Nobel Peace Prize for his non-violent struggle for Tibet in 1989.
Supporting Dalai Lama and the Tibetan cause in Dharamsala, Williams and Ebadi said the decision to boycott Nobel summit in South Africa sends a strong message to China that they won't bend under its pressure.
"The Nobel summit in South Africa was to celebrate the legacies of the Nelson Mandela. We are greatly saddened when South Africa denied visa to Dalai Lama to attend the summit and the same was cancelled as the Nobel laureates will not attend it," said Jody Williams and Shirin Ebadi.
They said that "the boycott of the Nobel summit was a message to the Chinese government and those countries who sell their soul and sovereignty, and we will always stand with truth and justice, and never bow to Chinese pressure".
The World Peace summit was cancelled and shifted out of Cape Town in South Africa, owing to the denial of a travel visa to the Dalai Lama.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Yes  the Ebola patient flew through two U.S. airports. No  you still shouldnt worry.By Mark Berman October 2 Follow @markberman
A plane lands at Dulles International Airport in Virginia. (Nicholas Kamm/Agence France-Presse via Getty Images)
The first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States boarded commercial jets that took him to two of the country’s busiest airports. He flew from Liberia to Brussels before boarding a United Airlines jet to Dulles International Airport outside Washington, where he changed planes and boarded another United Airlines jet to Dallas-Fort Worth.
This is obviously worrisome to many people, as it involves not just the arrival of a person diagnosed with Ebola in the country but our larger fear of contagion, outbreak and a disease on the move. Airplanes are not exactly the cleanest of places , and we board them not knowing whom we are sitting next to or where they have been. That has resulted in fearful reporting like this , which frantically tracked all of the cities where these planes have gone since carrying Thomas Duncan. They went to San Francisco! And Chicago! And Los Angeles! They’re right behind you, watching you read this post.
In reality, though, officials continue to say that there is no danger posed by these flights or by Duncan’s presence in the airports. Here’s why: Duncan , who was diagnosed with Ebola on Tuesday, arrived in the country on Sept. 20. He did not start showing any symptoms until four days later, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. And Ebola is contagious only when the person is experiencing active symptoms.
Duncan’s temperature was checked before he boarded the plane in Liberia, when he was not showing any symptoms, CDC Director Thomas Frieden said during a news conference earlier this week.
“There is zero risk of transmission on the flight,” Frieden said.
United Airlines has released the flight numbers and paths for the trips Duncan took to Dulles and Dallas on Sept. 20. He was on Flight 951 from Brussels to Dulles and then changed planes, boarding Flight 822 to Dallas.
“While the CDC states it is unnecessary for it or the airline to contact others who were on the patient’s flights, United is providing information about the flights United believes the patient took, based on information provided by the CDC,” the airline said in a statement. “We are ensuring our employees have this information and suggest that any customers who have concerns contact the experts at the CDC for further information.”
Airlines have also worked to tamp down concerns that commercial jets could be used to carry the disease in the U.S.
The screening at the airport in Monrovia, the capital, has been in place for months, Deborah R. Malac, the U.S. ambassador to Liberia, told The Washington Post in a telephone interview Thursday.
“They have confidence that everything that was supposed to have been done was done,” Malac said.
The State Department has warned U.S. citizens against “non-essential travel to Liberia.” There are no plans at this point to update this policy in the wake of Duncan’s diagnosis, a department official said.
Experts have been saying for months that the risk faced by people in the United States is incredibly low. They have reiterated for months  — up to and including this week — that the U.S. health-care system and infrastructure are different than those in West Africa.
Kevin Sieff contributed to this report.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

We will support hockey team in every possible way for Rio: SportsMinisterPrint
Indian captain Sardar Singh and keeper Sreejesh enjoy their victory over Pakistan. (Source: PTI)Congratulating Indian men's hockey team for winning 'historic' gold in the ongoing Incheon Asian Games, Sports Minister Sarbananda Sonowal today said that the government will provide every possible help to them for 2016 Rio Olympics.
Press Trust of India | Posted: October 3, 2014 12:12 am
India beat arch-rivals Pakistan 4-2 in a nerve-wracking shoot-out to regain the Asian Games men’s hockey gold medal after a gap of 16 years and also sealed a direct entry into the 2016 Rio Olympic Games.
Sonowal termed the win as historic as India has emotional connect with hockey.
“It is a historic victory and I want to congratulate all the members of Indian hockey team, coach and whoever has made this possible. We are waiting to receive them with a sense of gratitude and happiness. India has an emotional connect with hockey, so this win is extra special,” Sonowal told from Assam.
“Indian hockey has got its rhythm back after 16 years and now we are looking forward for Rio Olympics. My ministry will provide every possible help to make them win in Rio,” he said.
He also congratulated all the medal winners including women’s 4x400m relay team.
“I would also like to congratulate gold medal winners in women’s 4×400 m relay and every medallist. They did a lot of hard work to bring laurels for the country,” he said.
The minister also expressed satisfaction over India’s performance in the Asian Games.
“It is good as per our expectations. Every player has been putting hard work and they have given 100 per cent,” he said.

Again at thecrossroadsFloods in Kashmir brought special challenges for its minority Sikh community. (source: PTI)
Written by P S Pasricha | Posted: October 3, 2014 12:09 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 8:56 am
When a body wrapped in white was seen by a girl, she asked almost silently, “Is it Papa?” Quietly, came the reply, “No, it is Mama. Papa will soon follow.”
This exchange illustrates the situation in Srinagar, devastated by the recent floods. I was closely monitoring the situation from day one (September 7), through the media and friends in Kashmir. The feedback was passed to various Central authorities, especially the NDRF.
Unfortunately, the state administration seemed to be comatose. The army, air force, NDRF and paramilitary forces did a splendid job, despite the odds. Civilians too helped each other. Most shrines were open to all, irrespective of religion.
As I could bear the tragedy no longer, I decided to visit Srinagar for firsthand information and a correct appraisal of the situation, so that requisite assistance could be arranged. I was shocked to see the situation on the ground. Only the gurdwara’s rescue teams and a few civilians could be seen struggling to rescue trapped victims and extricate bodies. The victims were cursing the state government and praising the young Sikh boys who were toiling untiringly to help others. A minuscule minority (about a half per cent of the total population of the Valley) took to the steering wheel to protect all those in need, cutting across the barriers of religion!
Shattered by my encounters, I went to the main gurdwara, where thousands had taken refuge. The holy Guru Granth Sahib had been shifted from the sanctum sanctorum to a smaller room to accommodate those who had trusted the Sikhs for shelter. For, as Sikh philosophy professes, “Service to mankind is service to God.” The SGPC organised langar. Local Sikhs set up a medical camp. A few doctors had arrived from Amritsar, too. Blankets, clothes, medicines, rice, etc were distributed. I felt a little better seeing all this. The system was functioning reasonably well. I only helped the gurdwara management streamline various tasks with a well-assigned chain of command and unambiguous responsibilities. A control room was set up to disseminate information and address problems.
I was benumbed by a Sikh senior citizen narrating how his family had suffered during Partition and how they had struggled to earn their livelihood. Once again, they were back to what they had suffered 67 years ago. He added that it was not the financial loss that pained him, but the fact that he had to spread his hands for rice and blankets. He was not able to reconcile himself to this incalculable humiliation (“zillat”, in his words).
We shall encounter many such instances of fractured self-esteem, psychological disorders, depression and even suicidal tendencies. These have to be dealt with the sensitivity they deserve. Experts should be roped in for counselling. I foresee numerous challenges immediately after the victims return to their destroyed, damaged or vulnerable continued…

Swachh Bharat: Theres no stopping of defacement of publicpropertiesPosters of the Students’ Democratic Federation on the chowk in Sarabha Nagar in Ludhiana. (Source: Express photo by Gurmeet Singh)
Written by Divya Goyal | Ludhiana | Posted: October 3, 2014 12:00 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 12:01 am
While it is Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan for Indians to celebrate Gandhi Jayanti on Thursday, fulfilling Mahatma Gandhi’s dream to see a ‘clean India’, there is no stopping political parties defacing public properties with their banners and posters.
Now they have even resorted to spoil newly renovated roundabouts and rotaries in the city which were handed over to industrialists for upkeep and maintenance.
There seems to be no end to the woes of the Ludhiana Municipal Corporation which has no power or law to tackle the problem of political parties defacing the public properties.
In the recent case, the roundabout at Sarabha Nagar market, in front of Bikaner Sweet shop, was painted, renovated with new tiles and saplings were planted by Shingora Textiles. A day after, the roundabout was defaced with posters of the Students’ Democratic Foundation, a students’ outfit connected to the Shiromani Akali Dal and pictures of Deputy CM Sukhbir Singh Badal were also put up on the defaced roundabout.
They even covered the foundation stone of the nearby park with posters. In a similar case, the roundabout at Fountain Chowk — being taken care of by Naahar Industries — was defaced by Valmiki employees’ outfit led by Vijay Danav which too is associated with the Akali Dal.
The tempers of the MC’s horticulture department ran high with all its efforts to beautify the city going in vain. Surinder Kumar, executive engineer (horticulture branch), said, “We saw political posters on newly renovated roundabouts and told them to remove these but no one cares. There is no provision for any fine for such acts but we can only register a complaint with police. We will remove the posters ourselves.”
City residents too were anguished over the fact that the Deputy CM’s photographs defaced the city regularly. “Be it illegal ads during Lok Sabha polls or these posters, the city is always defaced by political outfits. The posters pasted during the Lok Sabha polls by Congress, SAD-BJP, AAP, Independent candidates are still intact but action remains only on papers,” said Simran Singh, a student.

Can  Swachh Bharat  be a realityJharkhand elections: Sonia Gandhi urges people of Daltonganj to vote for Congress
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Heritage Foundation event on economic liberty and the constitution this TuesdayBy David Bernstein October 2
The event, held Tuesday at noon, features co-blogger Randy Barnett, Institute for Justice attorney Clark Neily III, and me.
The announcement is below.  You can register for the event, or watch it live, at this link.
 
John Locke believed that every person has an inalienable right to “life, liberty, and property.” The United States adopted the world’s first written constitution in part to protect the property rights colonists inherited from the common law against the federal and state governments. Several clauses in the Constitution – such as the Contract Clause – or in the Bill of Rights – such as the Due Process Clause – make that clear. Throughout the 18th and 19th Centuries, the Supreme Court of the United States often endorsed the principle that no government could simply take property from A and give it to B. Beginning in the New Deal era, however, the Court adopted a deferential policy toward government regulation of property, with the result being that, in many instances, economic liberties have become only what the government allows them to be.
Join us as a distinguished panel of constitutional law experts address this issue and explain why the original “New Deal” – the proposition that the Constitution should vigorously protect economic liberties – although eclipsed by the more recent version, can and should once again be plainly seen and enjoyed by the public.
I think it’s worth noting that Heritage hosting a panel like this with three libertarianish scholars and no conservative dissenters represents a significant shift from the not-too-distant past, when Heritage was utterly skeptical of anything that smacked of “Lochner.”
David Bernstein is the George Mason University Foundation Professor at the George Mason University School of Law in Arlington, VA.

E-tailers bank on bigger discounts  more festive salesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Commodity ETF outflows reach highest this year on supplyCommodity ETF outflows reach highest this year on supply
Bloomberg | New York Oct 02, 2014 10:37 PM IST
Investors last month pulled more money out of US exchange-traded products backed by commodities than they have all year, as signs of supply gluts drove the biggest price slump since the financial crisis.
About $1.05 billion was removed from the exchange trade funds (ETFs) in September, the biggest monthly withdrawal since December, data compiled by Bloomberg show. Outflows were led by redemptions from precious metals and energy. Money managers have cut their combined bullish bets across 18 US traded commodities for 13 straight weeks, the longest streak since the data begins in 2006, while open interest in raw materials fell last quarter by the most in two years.
The Bloomberg Commodity Index slumped 12 per cent in the three months ended September 30, the most since the last quarter of 2008. Prices fell amid expanding supplies, a surging dollar and weakening economic growth in China, the world's largest consumer of grains, metals and energy. Eighteen of the 22 raw materials tracked by the measure dropped.
"Demand has been tepid, more so than people expected, particularly for the crude-oil market, which is awash in supply," Aakash Doshi, an analyst who tracks investor flows at Citigroup Inc. in New York, said in a telephone interview. "On the grain side, we're seeing very strong Northern Hemisphere supply. On metals, there are concerns about China."
The Bloomberg Commodity Index fell 6.1 per cent this year, dropping to a five-year low on Thursday. The MSCI All-Country World Index of equities rose 0.7 per cent. The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index, which tracks the currency against 10 major peers, climbed 4.9 per cent.
Climbing supplies
US farmers are collecting the biggest corn and soybean crops ever, and global inventories of nickel tracked by the London Metal Exchange are at an all-time high. U.S. crude oil production is near the highest since 1986, compounding a surplus. China is poised for its slowest expansion in two decades.
Combined net-long positions across 18 U.S. traded commodities dropped 10 percent to 450,424 futures and options contracts in the week ended Sept. 23, the lowest since August 2013, according to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. Money managers are bearish on copper, sugar, soybeans and wheat, and are holding the smallest net-bullish wager on gold since January.
Investors pulled $776.6 million from ETFs tracking precious metals last month. Assets in gold-backed ETPs fell for seven straight quarters and are at the lowest in five years.
Gold slide
Gold futures slumped 8.4 percent last quarter, the first such loss this year. The metal touched $1,204.30 an ounce on Sept. 30, the lowest since January. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. says the worst isn't over for bullion, forecasting prices at $1,050 by year-end.
Platinum prices in New York fell to a five-year low yesterday on concern that demand will falter for the metal used in pollution-control devices in cars. Silver tumbled 19 percent last quarter. Corn and soybeans will extend this year's price slump as yields in the U.S., the world's biggest grower, beat government estimates and boost domestic stockpiles, Damien Courvalin, a New York-based analyst at Goldman, said in a report Sept. 30. The grain extended a drop to a five-year low yesterday, and the oilseed dropped to the cheapest since 2010 in Chicago.
Societe Generale SA on Sept. 12 lowered its price forecasts for more than half of the 43 raw materials it tracks, and on Sept. 24, Citigroup pared its outlook on commodities including crude oil, gold, corn and wheat.
"I hope we're nearing the end of this, but I think we're in the middle of a substantial financial liquidation," Michael Shaoul, the chief executive officer of Marketfield Asset Management LLC, which oversees $17 billion, said in a telephone interview from New York. "If it's financial liquidation, it should be peaking" and create "a floor under commodity prices," he said. "If instead, it really is global demand for commodities deteriorating, or being overwhelmed by supply, then it could continue."

Man killed after his motorbike collides head on withcarPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 12:52 am
A 35-year-old motorcyclist was killed in head-on collision with a car in North Delhi’s Civil Lines on Thursday. The man, identified as Deen Dayal,  reportedly came under the car and was dragged for nearly 75 metres before the car went up in flames. Police said he sustained fatal burn injuries.
According to police, Dayal was on his way home when he collided with a speeding car coming from Kashmere Gate side.
The car, police said, was driven by one Angad Singh Dubey, a manager of India Bulls. Police said he was driving under the influence of alcohol. In a bid to overtake another car, Dubey allegedly got on to the wrong side of the road and collided head-on with Dayal’s motorbike.
According to eyewitness Jagdish Thakur, the complainant in the case, the collision was such that Dayal got wedged under the wheels of the car. “Even then the driver did not stop the car. He dragged the biker for over 75 metres till the car caught fire and he sustained fatal burns. The car driver then got out and and tried to flee but I managed to nab him with the help of other onlookers. The fire brigade was also informed,” Thakur said.
The passersby alerted the police control room. The fire brigade too reached the spot.
Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Madhur Verma said, “Dubey was found inebriated at the time of the incident. He was arrested on charges of culpable homicide. He has been sent to 14 days’ judicial custody. The car has been impounded. Further investigation is on.”

A sanitation sena forIndiaPrint
While nearly everyone knows that smoking, chewing tobacco and drinking alcohol are harmful to health, close to half of all respondents stated that open defecation is no worse for child health than latrine use. (Source: PTI)
Written by Aashish Gupta , Payal Hathi | Posted: October 3, 2014 12:52 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 11:16 am
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has set the ambitious goal of changing the daily practice of over 600 million people who defecate in the open. In reality, the challenge is even more daunting because even people who have a toilet often prefer to defecate in the open. Building toilets will not be enough. Ending open defecation will require a shift in mindsets, because without addressing the attitudes that shape people’s distaste for latrine use and preference for open defecation, the government will fail to achieve its goal.
The government has made sanitation a priority in important symbolic ways, and has stirred a level of enthusiasm never seen before. But the government’s rhetoric is missing one critical detail for ridding India of the scourge of open defecation: who will be responsible for putting sanitation plans into action and for enacting an essential shift in sanitation beliefs? What we need is a sanitation sena — an army of frontline workers, one in every village, responsible solely for motivating and sustaining latrine use by every individual of every household.
At the Research Institute for Compassionate Economics (Rice), we recently conducted a Sanitation Quality, Use, Access and Trends (Squat) survey, which interviewed over 3,000 households in rural north India about their sanitation beliefs and behaviour. It is clear that government programming on sanitation has not reached most Indian villages, where close to 90 per cent of India’s open defecation occurs.
Despite funds specifically set aside for “information, education and communication” (IEC), we found alarmingly low levels of awareness of the negative health impacts of open defecation, even though open defecation kills hundreds of thousands of babies each year and impedes the physical and cognitive development of those who survive. While nearly everyone knows that smoking, chewing tobacco and drinking alcohol are harmful to health, close to half of all respondents stated that open defecation is no worse for child health than latrine use. Messages about the detrimental impacts of tobacco or alcohol consumption have been successfully communicated. But even after over 15 years of a “Total Sanitation Campaign”, we sadly cannot say the same for open defecation.
Still, what we care about most directly is whether people are aware of the importance of the practice of latrine use. To eliminate open defecation, we will need to have an impact on the defecation practices of millions of individual people. Unfortunately, most people don’t recall ever hearing or seeing messages meant to motivate behaviour change. The government has spent more than Rs 1,000 crore on IEC for sanitation over the years, but only 31 per cent of respondents said that they had ever seen a poster, wall-painting, pamphlet, street play or film about using latrines.
So what does this mean? The sanitation world is largely continued…

Kejriwal takes up broom to clean camp near PMhouseKejriwal cleaned the drains of B R Camp in Central Delhi, which is a part of his New Delhi constituency. (Source: Express photo by Oinam Anand)
Written by Dipankar Ghose | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 12:48 am
With political leaders of all hues taking up the broom on Thursday, it was only natural that many would turn to see what former chief minister and AAP national convenor Arvind Kejriwal was doing on Gandhi Jayanti. For it was he who had successfully wielded the broom and led his party to form a government in Delhi last December.
True to his word, Kejriwal lent his weight to the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan by helping clean B R Camp in Central Delhi on Thursday.
Kejriwal, accompanied by members of civic agencies and volunteers, cleaned the drains of the camp which lies in the vicinity of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s 7 Race Course Road residence.
The choice of venue was in itself a statement given that Modi had chosen Valmiki Sadan on Mandir Marg to begin his Clean India campaign.
It was in Valmiki Sadan where the AAP had first announced the broom as their election symbol in August 2013.
“B R Camp like Valmiki basti is a poor colony, and it needed to be shown that instead of symbolism, the Prime Minister must also ensure cleanliness a little closer home. The camp is also part of Kejriwal’s New Delhi constituency, and the well-being of the residents there is his responsibility,” an AAP spokesperson said.
While Kejriwal had announced that the AAP would participate in the Abhiyan two days ago, he had said the project should not just be “symbolic”.
“We had maintained that we would support this endeavour, but there has to be a sustained effort from the government. In future, the AAP will play a constructive role in monitoring cleanliness throughout the city, and indeed the country. Kejriwal also had breakfast with the safai karamcharis and residents of the camp. Giving respect to those that are responsible for keeping our country clean is important for the AAP.  Our party will soon announce its plan for effectively monitoring the cleanliness drive and how to hold concerned civic authorities accountable for performing their primary duty,”  the spokesperson said.
A senior leader also said the Swachh Abhiyan gave the AAP added ammunition in demanding the regularisation of daily wage workers.
“Even in his letter to UD minister Venkaiah Naidu, Kejriwal had mentioned the issue of regularising workers. This has been a longs-tanding demand of the party and the Abhiyan gives us a reason to push for it more effectively with the Central government,” a senior AAP leader said.

Poor student turnout during cleanlinessdriveStudents take part in a walkathon as part of the nationwide campaign, 'Swachh Bharat Mission' after its launch in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI photo)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 12:40 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 12:41 am
Educational institutions across the capital — from Delhi University to Indraprastha (IP) University, government and MCD schools — kickstarted Swachh Bharat Abhiyan on Thursday with teachers and staff taking a pledge of cleanliness.
While many teachers turned up for the event, student attendance was abysmally low.
Schools attributed the low turnout to Navratri.
“We had informed students about the event, but as it is Navratri most of them are at home celebrating,” a principal of an MCD school in Mayur Vihar Phase-I told Newsline.
At the Government Girls Kanya Vidyalaya in Trilokpuri, only two dozen students turned up for the event.
Schools organised various activities like painting competitions and inviting NGOs to sensitise teachers and students about sanitation.
“We are thinking of appointing some students as sanitation monitors, to keep a check on toilets and classrooms and to remind their classmates to keep them clean,” Vaibhav Dwivedi, a government school teacher, said.
At DU, students and teachers, led by the V-C, cleaned the campus.

Snapshot of Detroit area real estate
Trader indicted for on new anti "spoofing" law0
The U.S. government is alleging that Coscia created two computer programs he used to trade in 17 different CME Group markets and three different markets, on the London-based ICE Futures Europe exchange to implement his strategy. These markets include soybean meal, gold, soybean oil, high-grade copper, Euro FX and Pounds FX currency futures.
The government is also alleging that Coscia defrauded participants in the CME Group and ICE Futures Europe markets between August and October 2011.
Federal prosecutors allege that Coscia devised a strategy to create a "false impression regarding the number of contracts available in the market, and to fraudulently induce other market participants to react to the deceptive market information he created," according to the indictment.
They go on to allege that Coscia’s strategy moved the markets in a direction favorable to him, enabling him to purchase contracts at prices lower than, or sell contracts at prices higher than the prices available in the market before he entered and canceled his large-volume orders.  Each of these alleged trades happened in a matter of milliseconds, according to the indictment. Federal prosecutors also say that Coscia pocketed nearly $1.6 million over three months with his scheme.
Each count of commodities fraud carries a maximum sentence of 25 years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Spoofing counts carry a maximum of 10 years in prison and $1 million fine. 
Regulators in the United States and Europe have been eyeing Coscia for a few years.
In 2013, the Commodities Futures Trading Commission fined Coscia $2.8 million for using his high-speed algorithms to buy and sell orders in a matter of milliseconds to create an illusion there was plenty of demand and supply on the market.  At the same time, the United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority, fined Coscia $900,000 for his activities in their markets. 
Coscia’s indictment is small potatoes compared to the frequent fraud that is overlooked by regulators and law enforcement  according to one financial markets watchdog who for years, has been urging the Federal government to pay closer attention to the dangers of high-frequency trading. 
“It seems the faster trading goes, the slower the regulators are at uncovering manipulation,” said Eric Scott Hunsader, founder of Winnetka-based Nanex, a financial data tracking firm. “What Panther (Coscia) did, is common in the markets. And by that, I mean thousands of times every trading day. It seems the regulators are only picking on smaller traders."
Coscia’s indictment is the first time federal prosecutors have pursued charges under the so-called “anti-spoofing” provision that was added to the Commodity Exchange Act by the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.
cshropshire@tribune.com

Book review: An inheritance of lossThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

CME Group Volume Averaged 15.3 Million Contracts per Day in September 2014  Up 17 Percent from September 2013 ..Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Markets to remain closed on 2 october & 3 october in MumbaiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Defining images: PM Narendra Modi & Barack Obama meet in USThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Some companies like alok found diversion in real estate disastrous. h...Platinum Member
437 Followers
Reposted about 38 days 21 hrs 30 min 40 sec ago by Xpert Opinion09 and 1 others
It is a surprise that the stock has not gone for UC even now!
Hi lights of the AGM.  1. They struck a multi-year tieup with Vodafone for messaging.
2.They covered PM Modi`s at Independence day celebration.
3. Out of the 50 acres land they own at Financial Distristict Hyderabad area,
they r developing the site thro` Aparna consgructions for residential/office
plots.
Soon they will announce the commissioning of payments system with some American co. Besides many other projects they r going to undertake.

One fine day cals will announce 1:10 bonus ... :-)Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Yeah  the psu and govt machinery needs to be managed.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

You add 25 more and wait for the price to come to 1.80 and then sell.Gold Member
14 Followers
i m.holding 25 (twenty five) shares at .90 paise since 2009 ,now m in huge loss of 20 rupees total  since then ,now wat to do please advise !
8.47 PM Sep 30th

GM  Chrysler Announce More Auto Recalls
Mars mission aids IndiaSeptember 28, 2014 5:22 pm
The Mars mission benefits India as much as clean water
By Gurcharan Das
Nation-building entails the memory of heroic achievements such as this, writes Gurcharan Das
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4b167f7c-4572-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

It s Not Your Imagination  Your Health Insurance Has Gotten WorseIt's Not Your Imagination, Your Health Insurance Has Gotten Worse
Posted:
reddit
The cost of job-based health insurance has risen sharply even as the benefits have become less generous.
A quiet revolution happened to your job-based health benefits and you may not have noticed. It's happened gradually, but insurance looks a lot different than it did just 15 years ago: Americans are paying more and getting less.
That trend is only getting worse.
Gone are the days of deluxe health plans that simply paid employees' medical bills without questions or problems. Now, faced with their own rising health care expenses, employers are forcing more risk for big medical bills onto workers , and asking them to take a more active role in shopping for lower-cost health care than they have before.
Last year, when Amy Czerwinski learned she had breast cancer and would need a double mastectomy as well as seven months of chemotherapy, she was not in the best place to start bargain-hunting for care.
"This is a life-and-death thing," said Czerwinski, a 38-year-old accountant who lives in Hendersonville, Tennessee. "You go to the specialist, and they tell you who they would suggest. I would be afraid to shop around and get a cheaper oncologist."
And that highlights a key problem with putting the onus on patients to be smart shoppers for doctors: The spread of health insurance that makes us pay more money upfront has outpaced the spread of reliable, accessible information about prices and about the quality of medical services.
Health insurance companies and employers use buzzwords like "consumer-directed health plans" to describe these approaches to health benefits. Higher deductibles and other means of making patients pay more when they receive health care -- like "coinsurance" that requires consumers to cover a percentage of their bills rather than charging a flat copayment -- are a way for employers to save money.
The average annual cost of a single worker's insurance plan more than doubled between 1999 and 2013, rising from about $2,200 to around $5,900, according to a survey of employers published by the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation and the Health Research and Educational Trust last month. Over that same time, the average share of that cost paid by single workers inched up from 14 percent to 18 percent -- meaning employers are chipping in less, even as costs rise precipitously.
And in the past five years, another trend has rapidly spread: higher and higher deductibles, which require workers to pay cash upfront for their medical care before the insurance begins picking up a share of the bills. Between 2006 and 2013, the portion of single workers whose plans have deductibles of at least $1,000 jumped from 10 percent to 38 percent, according to the survey.
Deductibles are supposed to give patients a financial motivation -- what insiders call "skin in the game" --  to shop around for less expensive medical providers, and to reconsider treatments they may not need. When you're responsible for paying more of the bill, you're more likely to care about how much something costs.
In some key respects, these changes have been beneficial. In the old days, a patient had no reason to care how much a service or a drug might cost, because their health plan would cover almost all of it. This is one reason U.S. health care spending went up and up over the decades. And the switch to health insurance that requires patients to pay more of the total cost has contributed to a historic slowdown in national health spending and to slower growth in job-based insurance premiums in recent years.
That doesn't mean a whole lot when you get sick, though. Health insurance designed to make workers more cost-conscious also exposes them to big expenses when they need lifesaving care, as Czerwinski learned. "Your insurance won't even touch anything until you hit your deductible," she said.
Photo courtesy of Amy Czerwinski
Czerwinski racked up more than $15,000 in out-of-pocket costs as she struggled to meet the deductibles for her employer's health insurance while undergoing cancer treatments.
"You pretty much ignore the cost, because you just do," she said. "And then when you finally have to start opening the bills, it's kind of too late because you've already incurred the expenses." Her employer and the Patient Advocate Foundation, which referred HuffPost to Czerwinski, helped cover her expenses, she said.
A key element of the reasoning behind large deductibles and higher cost-sharing is that it will spur patients to become smarter consumers of health care who will do the research on which medical providers charge lower prices or have been proven to offer high-quality treatments.
But the facts that patients need in order to make informed choices are hard to find and complex to evaluate .
"I don't even know how you would do that," Czerwinski said. "I didn't even know that was an option."
And people facing high cost-sharing tend to skip not just expensive care they could do without, but also services they actually need , research shows.
There has been some improvement on this score, as health insurance companies, employers and other organizations are gathering and disseminating cost and quality information for patients to use. A growing number of health insurance companies, for example, are sharing these data with a nonprofit called the Health Care Cost Institute , which will publish them on its website next year.
Yet merely making the information available isn't enough, said David Newman, the institute's executive director. "Transparency in and of itself is not going to be the silver bullet. It can help," he said.
Employers who are shifting more responsibility for managing health care costs to workers should do more to make sure their employees understand how their benefits work and get them invested in the new way of doing things, said Julie Stone, the North America health and group benefits leader at Towers Watson, a consulting firm.
"There is an employer role to keep that front and center, and give examples and illustrate [that] it's in everybody's best interests, it's a win-win for the employer and the employee from a cost-management perspective," Stone said.
Czerwinski is now cancer-free, but she still worries about paying for the doctor visits and drugs she'll need to make sure the disease doesn't come back. And she's not confident her health benefits will keep up with her needs or stay on her family's budget.
"Insurance companies don't pay like they used to. And it's only going to get worse, and that's very scary because our salaries are not increasing at the same rate the insurance costs are increasing," Czerwinski said. "It didn't use to be this bad."
More:

ERIK DE CASTRO / Reuters
Secrets of Beyonce s Surprise Album Launch Revealed
Five sports played by the richGame on! How — and why — the rich play sports
Bryan Borzykowski
About the author
Bryan Borzykowski is a Toronto-based business writer and editor. He writes about personal finance, wealth issues and other money topics for BBC Capital and also contributes to the New York Times, CNBC, CNNMoney, Canadian Business and the Globe and Mail. He’s written three investing and personal finance books, too. Follow him on Twitter @bborzyko. 
Read more about these links.
Game on! How the rich play sports
The beauty of sports is that anyone can play, rich or poor. Have a net? A ball? A few friends? You can play.
But, like with many things, ultra-high-net-worth individuals — people with at least $30m in assets — aren’t content with simply kicking a soccer ball around a local field in a pick-up game.
The world’s wealthy tend to join expensive clubs, buy top-of-the-line equipment and participate in sports that may require massive amounts of money to support.
Why spend so much when basketball and tennis courts at the local park are free?
“It’s a ‘birds of a feather flock together’ kind of thing,” said Thomas Corley, author of Rich Habits, a book about the practices of affluent individuals. “Wealthy people like to hang around other wealthy people. Sports can open doors and help them develop contacts. They buy memberships to golf and country clubs — it’s a cool way for wealthy people to build relationships.”
Certainly the ultra-wealthy play the same sports as regular people, but take a closer look and you’ll see they don’t play the games quite the same way, or for the same reasons as everyone else.
(Thinkstock)
Golf : Business and charity on the green
All it takes is a club, a ball and a hole — and around $40 per person —  to play a local course. However, the world’s wealthy aren’t likely to spend the day with regular folks on a public course.
Rather than just playing a round at a neighbourhood course, UHNW individuals prefer to spend big on exclusive club memberships where they can golf to their heart’s content and lunch with people who have similar backgrounds.
“It doesn’t take an incredible amount of money to golf, but if you want to be part of a club it could cost hundreds of thousands of dollars to join,” said David Friedman, president of Wealth-X, a Singapore-based firm that researches UHNW topics and lifestyles.
Golf is played by 10% of all UHNW individuals, according to Wealth-X. That’s slightly higher than the about 9% of Americans who, play golf, according to the Professional Golfers' Association of America. Outside of the US, stats are hard to come by, but given that many of the world’s most expensive courses are in Europe, the Middle East and South Africa, the sport is widespread among the wealthy.
Bhushan Joshi, a Pune, India-based director of financial services consulting with consulting company Capgemini, said that golf is the most popular sport among his country’s wealthy.
It’s a social game, he said, and one where the wealthy can mingle with other rich individuals.
“It’s the best way to connect with people informally,” said Joshi. “You make a lot of friends playing a sport that’s considered to be prestigious.”
It’s also still a favourite pastime among business executives, no matter the country, he said. A lot of business gets done on the golf course and professional or semi-pro players are often invited to charity tournaments and rounds with high-ranking executives.
According to Golf Magic, a website for golf enthusiasts, club memberships can range from about £11,500 ($18,755) at Scotland’s Archerfield Links , which is home to a special Nike-created golf centre , to $392,000 at Liberty National in New Jersey in the US, where the President’s Cup, a prestigious PGA Tour event, will be played in 2017.
(Thinkstock)
Skiing: Chalets, slopes and thrills
Even middle income earners fork over a pretty penny to ride the slopes — lift tickets for two days of skiing at popular ski resort Aspen Snowmass in Colorado in the US costs $238.
Just getting to a more exclusive slope can be spendy. The wealthy can fly a private jet to Courchevel, France, for world-class skiing. PrivateFly , a private jet charter company, will fly moneyed skiers from London to nearby Chambery Airport for £11,300 ($18,450) and then send them to Courchevel via helicopter for another £1,900 ($3,102).
Most wealthy skiers also want to own their own chalet, buy the best ski equipment, enrol in technique classes and ski for days on end, said Corley. The ski chalet alone will cost a pretty penny. Prestige Property Group , an online database of international properties, has a number of multi-million dollar chalets for sale.
If you’ve got enough dough, you can rent out The Lodge, a nine-bedroom chalet in Verbier, Switzerland owned by Virgin’s Richard Branson. It costs SFr 40,695 ($43,304) for three nights or SFr 94,950 ($101,039) for a week.
If the wealthy don’t own a chalet, they’ll likely stay in a high-end ski resort that can cost thousands. According to Corley’s research, 12% of high net-worth individuals own a vacation home in a ski area. That is a high percentage given that only about 1.6% of all people in the world ski, according to the 2014 International Report on Snow & Mountain Tourism, a report written by independent consultant Laurent Vanati.  The schmooze factor is also a big part of the ski life for the rich, said Friedman.
“Not a lot of people can afford to pay $1,000 a night at least for a resort,” he said. “You need quite a bit of wealth to stay at the (top) places.”
(Jean-Marc Barrere/Getty Images)
Kabaddi: The sport of Indian billionaires
For wealthy people, playing a sport doesn’t always involve participating in the actual game itself. Some millionaires and billionaires would rather get involved by owning an entire team.
It’s not unusual for rich sports enthusiasts to buy basketball teams or football (soccer) teams. Recently, however, a hot trend has given Indian billionaires a chance to purchase a new kind of team.
Kabaddi ,  a sport that’s a cross between tag and wrestling, has been around for decades — it involves people running across a court to tag an opposing team’s player — but some recently televised tournaments have brought it back to life.  It’s not uncommon to see Bollywood stars and big-time executives attending games.
The country’s rich don’t actually play, but they do own teams in the Pro Kabaddi League, said Joshi.
“A lot of Bollywood stars have formed their own teams,” he said. “There’s a lot of glamour.”
When compared with other sports, owning a Kadabbi team isn’t that expensive. It costs about 50m rupees ($820,000) a year to run a team — it can cost more than $1bn to buy a professional sports team in North America or Europe and hundreds of millions of dollars a year to operate it — but that price could rise if Kadabbi becomes more popular.
Some of India’s biggest names have a stake in the sport, including banker Uday Kotak, who has a net worth of $6bn according to Forbes, and Kishore Biyani, chief executive officer of Future Group, a large retail conglomerate.
(Krishna Santh/Getty Images)
Sailing: Intensity and relaxation combined
Most people only come in contact with sailing every few years, when the sport is broadcast on television during the Summer Olympics or through America’s Cup, which often pits a team led by Oracle’s Larry Ellison against groups led by other billionaires from around the world.  For wealthy people, sailing can be both a relaxing weekend activity and an intense race in a lake or ocean.
According to Corley’s research, 38% of UHNW people sail “and they just love it,” he said. Most will fish off the boat or merely relax. “It can be almost like meditation,” he explained, — but others will also enter competitions against their peers.
While sailboat racing can be done on the cheap — the non-moneyed can buy a small boat second hand for a few hundred dollars — ultra high net-worth investors tend to spend hundreds of thousands, if not millions, on their yachting activities, said Paddy Boyd, executive director of Sail Canada, a Kingston, Ont.-based association that promotes the sport of sailing.
The first thing a wealthy racer will need is a boat and that can cost between $50,000 and $200,000 — and often more — depending on the make and the size.
A superyacht  — a boat larger than 24 metres in length — will be at least $10m to buy, said Friedman. American media mogul Barry Diller owns a sailboat that’s said to be worth $150m.
These boats will then need a crew. A large boat, one that you might see race in America’s Cup, would need between 15 and 20 members and each one could earn a six-figure income, said Boyd.
Then there are yacht club fees, boat storage costs and regular maintenance bills, all of which can easily add up into the thousands depending on the size of the boat, he said.
Most race entry fees are modest, usually between $20 and $250, said Boyd, but professional races can be more. Racing fees for The Vic-Maui Yacht Race, a race that goes from Victoria, British Columbia to Lahaina, Hawaii, for instance, can run between $1,600 and $2,000 depending on the size of the boat.
In general, the bigger the boat the higher the expenses.
“While the upfront cost might not seem like that much to an ultra-high-net-worth individual, annually a lot more money is going into that asset,” said Friedman.
(Thinkstock)
Horse racing: Derby dreams
For most people, a horse is fun to ride once a year at summer camp. For the world’s wealthy, these animals are a pricy passion.  While there are a number of horse-related activities that wealthy people play, such as polo, horse racing has been a popular sport among royalty and upper class citizens for centuries. There’s a reason why it’s nicknamed “the sport of kings.”
There’s one main reason why horse racing is for the rich: it can cost big money to buy an animal.
While it is possible to purchase a horse for a few thousand dollars, the most sought after ones can go for millions, said Jim Mulvihill, director of media and industry relations for the Lexington, Kentucky-based National Thoroughbred Racing Association.
In September, Keenland Association , a Kentucky-based organisation that sells horses, sold 13 yearlings — horses that are about a year old — for at least $1m with two that sold for $2.2m.
Owners then have to pay a trainer to care for the horse — that can cost about $37,000 a year, said Mulvihill — pay veterinarian costs, food expenses, blacksmith fees, thousands of dollars in transportation bills and more. It’s not hard to spend north of $100,000 a year on a horse. One thing that doesn’t cost anything is the jockey. He typically takes a cut of any prize money.
Unfortunately, paying top dollar for a horse doesn’t mean it will be a winner. In 2006, a group of wealthy Brits paid $16m for The Green Monkey, a horse that was expected to win a lot of races. After only three losing races, he was retired from competition.
Win or lose, though, horse racing is an expensive proposition and one that may not necessarily pay off. Most races pay about $100,000 to the winner.
The Kentucky Derby, one of the most famous horses races in the world, pays $2m, which isn’t a lot consider how much horses cost and that there’s only one person who takes that purse home.
“The typical horse owner isn’t doing this to make a return on their investment,” said Mulvihill. “They’re doing it because they love horses and they love the sport.”
(Thinkstock)

Ivascyn: Pimcos straight talking CIO© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ab832b1e-4949-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modi faces big hurdles to modernise IndiaModernising India presents huge challenges for Narendra Modi
By Victor Mallet in New Delhi
PM will need all his skill to achieve aims on jobs and industry
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/caabf0b0-4936-11e4-9d7e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modinomics  no illusionist© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/83fc299c-47f0-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BOMBSHELL: 76 Of 79 Deceased NFL Players Had Brain Diseasereddit
A shocking report from PBS Frontline says 76 of 79 deceased NFL players suffered from the degenerative brain disease chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE).
CTE is caused by repeated head trauma , where the functioning of the brain is interrupted and nerve cells begin to die, according to Frontline. It is associated with memory loss , confusion, impaired judgment, impulse control problems, aggression, depression, and, eventually, progressive dementia.
A recent study of the brain tissue of 128 former football players -- professionals, semi-professionals, college players and high school players  -- conducted by one of the nation’s largest brain banks , found 101 players tested positive for CTE. That means 78.9 percent of all the football players and 96.2 percent of the former NFL players in the study suffered from the disease.
The Department of Veterans Affairs’ brain repository in Bedford, Mass., which conducted the study, said that amounts to a twofold increase in the number of CTE cases it has previously reported.
The study's brain specimens were donated by players and families who suspected the presence of the disease , presenting a skewed population. But Dr. Ann McKee , the director of the brain bank, pointed to a link between the intensity and length of playing football and traumatic brain injury.
"Playing football, and the higher the level you play football and the longer you play football, the higher your risk," McKee said.
The report comes as an Oct. 14 deadline nears for retired NFL players and their beneficiaries to decide whether to opt out of a proposed settlement in the class-action lawsuit against the NFL that accuses the league of concealing a link between football and brain disease .
The lawsuit, brought by more than 4,500 former players, is likely to be bolstered by the new report as it suggests a high prevalence of the disease among players , Frontline notes.
The NFL has been under scrutiny over the risks players face in sustaining such heavy hits during practice and games, and how it may affect their brains. Other autopsies of former NFL players has shown that they were suffering from CTE, which may have influenced their behavior.
Frontline's report comes a day after an autopsy revealed that former Kansas City Chiefs linebacker Jovan Belcher, who killed his girlfriend and then himself in December 2013, likely suffered from CTE . Mike Webster, a former Pittsburgh Steelers player whose autopsy in 2002 sparked the probe into degenerative brain diseases in football players, died homeless and living in a truck . In 2012, NFL Pro Bowler Junior Seau fatally shot himself in the chest and was later diagnosed with CTE . Former Chicago Bears player Dave Duerson died in 2011, also of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the chest , and left notes for his family to donate his brain to science.
Earlier in September, the NFL released data that led it to conclude nearly a third of all retired players will develop a long-term cognitive problem , such as Alzheimer’s disease or dementia.
When asked for a comment on the findings, the NFL did not reply to Frontline .
CORRECTION: A previous version of this story incorrectly stated the year of Junior Seau's death as 2003; he died in 2012.
Earlier on HuffPost:
More:

Daniel Ivascyn  Pimcos straight talking CIO© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ab832b1e-4949-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Aamir Khan  Priyanka Chopra join PM Modi s Swachh Bharat campaignThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Trio vie to host 2022 Winter OlympicsJuly 8, 2014 1:42 pm
Three cities on shortlist to host 2022 Winter Olympics
By Roger Blitz in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b70113cc-05e0-11e4-8b94-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The maths behind Olympic projectsJanuary 31, 2014 3:11 pm
The maths behind Olympic projects
By Ian Wylie
©Reuters
The German speedskating team practices at the Adler Arena at the Olympic Park as preparations continue for the Sochi Winter Olympics 2014
The Sochi Winter Olympic Games will begin next week. Billed as the most expensive Olympics project in history the Sochi Games are estimated to have cost $51bn – a price tag that has been widely criticised amid allegations of corruption and environmental damage.
Allison Stewart – an associate fellow at Oxford’s Saïd Business School – has a personal as well as professional interest in the running of Olympic Games. She was born and raised in Montreal, the Canadian city which hosted the summer games in 1976 and recorded the highest cost over-run of any Olympics.
More
Dr Stewart’s research ‘Olympic Proportions: Cost and cost over-run at the Olympics 1960 -2012’ with colleague Bent Flyvbjerg calculates that, on average, such mega projects exceed their budgets by 179 per cent.
Why do overruns happen so often?
The bid budget is not incentivised to be a budget that can be delivered. Our study shows that every Games has been over budget, compared with the bid. The budget is a minimum rather than a maximum target. That said, the Games are enormously complex and have to weather significant changes in political, economic and social policies over the course of their development. The global financial crisis hit Vancouver and London particularly hard and security concerns have been tantamount after events like 9/11 for Salt Lake City and the 7/7 bombings in London.
Could project management disciplines be tighter?
I found examples of exceptional management in many of the organising committees I studied. However these organisations are required to build a Fortune 500 company in less than seven years and then tear it down again, which is a huge challenge. Most of the work on organisations and projects is not designed to cope with this kind of timeframe.
Any advice for Games organisers?
Plan for the worst-case scenario. Can your country support a 179 per cent cost over-run? Is there a long-term need for the facilities planned to be constructed for the Games? If your city does not need new sporting infrastructure, is this the right opportunity for the city to invest in? If so, involve the long-term owners and stakeholders as early as possible to avoid costly refurbishment later. Understand the social implications – not everyone will be happy with the decisions to be made. Are you prepared to have your decisions scrutinised under the glare of the media spotlight?
What is at stake?
There are many countries now bidding for the Games that may run into much more serious social problems if they do not manage these overruns properly. We invest billions into these events every year, yet their management is rarely the focus of consideration – that must be changed if the Games are to continue for the next hundred years.
Related Topics
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Modi effect: 14 global CEOs make a beeline for IndiaHi Guest
Modi effect: 14 global CEOs make a beeline for India
The first four months of the Manmohan Singh-led UPA-I (2004) vs Narendra Modi's NDA (2014) There was not much traction among the global business community for India during UPA-I's first four months in office in 2004 - marked more by then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's low-key style of functioning and an acrimonious relationship with the Opposition parties in Parliament. The year 2004 is still remembered more for corporate India's global sojourn with 60-odd foreign M&A deals, than global ...

AirAsia founder ends F1 excursionAirAsia founder Tony Fernandes ends Formula One excursion
By Roger Blitz, Leisure Industries Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cfea3080-01fd-11e4-9af7-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India court orders custody of Subrata RoyIndia’s Supreme Court orders custody for Subrata Roy
By Victor Mallet in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5758f5ae-a39b-11e3-aa85-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Supreme Court arrests Indian tycoonIndian tycoon Subrata Roy arrested for contempt of court
By Amy Kazmin in New Delhi and Avantika Chilkoti in Mumbai 
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c105dd4c-a04d-11e3-a72c-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Boeing to raise monthly 737 production
Starting Your Job Search When You Don t Know What You Want  You Just Want Morereddit
"I'm going to figure out what I want, and then I'll start my job search."
Um, not to be a Debbie Downer or anything, but as someone who coaches for a living, I immediately recognize that kind of thinking as guaranteed to lead you down the garden path of self-sabotage, shame cycles and general destruction. That kind of "thinking" is pretty much a sure bet that you are being guided by your worst insecurities and fears. And fear is always hungry. Feed it, and it just gets hungrier.
Let's be honest. You're not going to figure out what you want! Hell no, you're going to do everything in your power to avoid having to begin the series of onerous, terrifying, exciting decisions, because while the end result is frequently amazing, the journey itself is horrendous. I, for example, love where my life is now, but no lie: the past 5 years to get here were straight up horsesh*t. My journey involved a lot of brutal honesty and gin, not necessarily in that order.
Anyways, deciding that you're going to figure out what you want and afterwards will start your job search means, in reality, that your successful, organized job search will start around the 15th of Never in the year 20-um-not-so-much.Think of the colossal, intimidating pressure you're putting on yourself: job search=figure out your life=panic=insecurities=Netflix queue and mug o' wine and eating ice cream out of the carton as you sob=it's January 2015, and you're right back where you started. Wow, what a long, drawn-out shame cycle, with nothing to show for it. I dislike shame, since it's not helpful, so instead, humor me, and do yourself a solid favor and just. Get. Started.
Now, you may not know exactly what you want, but you probably have a great idea of what you don't want, so begin there. Some people want to wait till everything in their life makes perfect sense, and god bless their beautiful innocence and childlike sense of wonder, but you and I need to improve our lives today. Life doesn't wait. (Corny but true.) So much of a successful job search depends on building momentum, and developing, as you progress, your confidence and courage. If you wait till everything is perfect, you're going to be waiting a looooong time. And while you wait, you'll see your friends get fascinating opportunities, you'll see some people succeed and others fail, and all of that will probably just make you even more anxious, and hesitant and suddenly five, or eight or ten years of your life have passed and you're working at a job you've loathed since Day One, thinking,"...wait, what? How is this my life?"
Meanwhile, if you today registered for a networking event given by your grad school alumni association, you might fall into a conversation there with someone who tells you about other useful events, or resources that you otherwise probably wouldn't have known about. You might look at the other people at the event and think,"....their experiences aren't that much more amazing than mine, and they seem to believe that they deserve better jobs...hmm...." You might think, "I should reach out to my former mentor, she was always so encouraging." You contact her, she's thrilled to hear from you, you have lunch, and during the course of the conversation, she remembers a position crying out for someone smart. She asks for your resume and yes, I swear, this is how people get jobs. The more you do, the more people and opportunities and ideas you meet, the more you'll enrich your life. That's how you'll have, eventually, your "aha!" moment. But if you sit at home trying to "figure out your life," (i.e. distract yourself with Pinterest, and CandyCrush and kitten videos and the latest manufactured celebrity drama)...oy, forget it. Sitting at home will only get you more lonely.
Therefore, here's four ways for you to get started today, even when you don't know what you want, you just know you want something better:
1.Seize your strengths: Instead of attempting to make sense out of your entire existence by the weekend, why don't you seize your strengths and write your resume, and by extension, your LinkedIn profile, from the POV of your unique education, skills and experience(s). Think about what you've done, what you've achieved, what you have today, and what you enjoyed. What are you good at? Looking back over the flow of your career, what are your strengths? What interests you? For example, what are the areas of your industry that you know inside and out? Granted, you may not want to spend even the next six months working in these areas, never mind this industry, but a successful job search depends on you telling a story about yourself and your career that makes other people recognize your abilities, in a way relevant to them and their needs.
Seizing your strengths permits you to craft your professional persona; almost a doppelganger who can network, and present in a way optimized to generate useful and interesting opportunities. Identifying your skills is a great way to structure a sort of locus for your job search, allowing you to recognize the people and circumstances in your network, that will help you to bring forth your goals. Telling yourself your story is also a crucial way to remind yourself of all you've done, and why you're worth the time and dedication necessary to get a job befitting your ambitions.
2.Start demonstrating your strengths and passions. If you can use social media to post 5,789 photos of your baby, or cats wearing scarves, but simultaneously, you cannot use it to demonstrate your passion in your field, then you're the reason I drink whiskey margaritas. People who hate their jobs, but can't be bothered to use their Google+ profile to follow interesting companies, and share industry-relevant articles, or contribute to intelligent online industry conversations...oh, come on! People who can't, or won't, help themselves, but can, because of course, post 4,000 boring posts about why Mondays suck, and how miserable they are, and (said in a tone of self-righteous smug desperation),"...anyway, what does it matter, the world doesn't need any more successful people." Grrrr. Your inability to grow up, and seek therapy for your depression, and take responsibility for your ambitions, since yes, success takes more than a credit card and 5 minutes: allow me to remind you that none of this counts as a form of recycling. However, as methods of self-rejection and despair...
If you're re-branding--and trying to re-start your life in any serious way, constitutes re-branding-- you need to convince other people as to why you're worth their time and contacts. You need to demonstrate your passion. Use your LinkedIn status to discuss conferences you attend, share work-related articles you're reading or, even better, writing. Have you been profiled, won awards or been a guest on TV or smart industry-related podcasts? Share them! Let me know who you are. If I'm looking to hire, I want to have an idea as to what makes you tick. Using Google+ and LinkedIn to follow and connect with the companies and people you're interested in, enables you, over time, to create a living portfolio of your ideas, interests and intelligence.
3.Join your alumni network(s), and identify at least two holiday parties (i.e. networking events) you're going to attend by the end of this year. Put these events in your calendar. Get some business cards with your name, email and phone number. GO! You just need to go, and smile and god forbid, maybe even have some fun, you don't need to have a perfect elevator pitch. You don't need to know what you want for the rest of your life: PERFECTION IS NOT NECESSARY. Nor useful. The last time I worried about so-called perfection, I was severely anorexic, and weighed 107 lbs. Oh, the sexiness. Perfection wasn't helpful to me then, or to you, now. Perfection is a serious cock-block.
However, getting in front of your fear and your insecurities, and realizing that many people are just like you, will be tremendously helpful, whether in getting a new job, or as regards the larger endeavor of crafting a life-in-progress that makes you happy. If you stop masturbating your insecurities, many people are a lot of fun. (I say this as someone who is a native New Yorker, who lived in Russia, survived both law school and a common-law marriage, and now dwells in Queens, so yes, I say this based on hard-won experience, not antidepressants.) Real people are much more fun than your Netflix queue or celebrities who don't even know you exist. Real people can change your life for the better, if you let them in.
4.Commit! Life coaches (*shudder*) will tell you, "Oh you want to change your life, well gosh, just think positively and be the um holistic change you want, see what I mean? That'll be $75 and do you want to buy my memoir about my vegan commune in Brooklyn and how it changed me? I wrote it with my boyfriend, Atticus." I personally don't accept life coaches as clients anymore because they are, interestingly enough, so bad at both life and coaching, and I'm bad at tolerating morons. Alas.
My point being that only stupid people will tell you it's easy. Growing up is a difficult choice. Choosing to be happy is a life-long commitment. Your life means that only YOU are able to make the fun/frustrating/fascinating/amazing/depressing/boring/UNENDING choice that you will commit to this process. Don't ask yourself if this is going to work. DECIDE that YOU are going to make it work. This is, after all, your life! If you don't make it work...what then?
Allowing yourself to do the hard, tedious work to get a better job is going to take time. You can't simply send out ten resumes today, and 3 resumes on Wednesday, and go to one networking event next month and apply to some random jobs online and then wonder why nothing's happening. (If I just aptly described your so-called job search, oh my lord, just email me at carlotazee@gmail.com, so we can begin the healing, for f**k's sake.) You're going to need to create a plan. You will have to commit to reaching out to old friends and colleagues on a weekly basis. You're going to have to revise your resume repeatedly, and tweak your cover letters and pound the pavement. You're going to get a lot of rejection. And then you'll have to wake up the next morning and do it allll over again. But however barftastic that process seems... giving up is worse. You don't just give up once; you give up over and over and over.
Tomorrow is October 1, 2014. The holidays are coming, which means a lot of parties. Parties are where you can experience networking in its truest, most useful form. Instead of giving yourself license to waste another year of your LIFE, why not go to a few (networking) parties, and allow yourself to talk to people? Maybe you can help each other. You don't know what you want? And what, you think the rest of us do? But if you want a fighting chance at figuring yourself, and your life out, you'll get out there, in the arena, as Teddy Roosevelt said, and give yourself your best.
I don't even know you, but I do know that you are worth it.
Follow Carlota Zimmerman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/kittenmagix
More:

The Power of a  Selfie  -- A Misunderstood Tool to Increase Your Confidence in Businessreddit
The public opinion about 'Selfies' - a self-generated self-portrait - is quite negative or as I would like to say hugely misunderstood, misinterpreted and underrated. Here is why.
For athletes it is common sense that they have to believe first that they can become the next Olympian before they actually become the Olympian. The dream was first, followed by the desire and a strong believe that this dream can become true.
For an entrepreneur it is very similar: You have to believe that you have the service or product to serve clients and know that your customers will show up when you are open for business.
For a person who is injured or sick this person has to believe that everything will be fine to support the therapy and healing power of the body, for somebody who is overweight the strong believe that their body weight will be fine after changing a diet is a pre-requisite.
You have to believe it first before you can see it.
So, how can a self-portrait enhance your belief system ? Can a 'Selfie' make it even real?
If I can feel myself into the desired outcome of my dream it makes me feel good. If I can capture this feeling over a period of time by looking at a picture with me and (for example) in front of the Olympic stadium in LA, or in front of an Apple store in my town, in front of an apartment building that I am planning to own or invest in, in front of Wall Street because I believe that I can bring my company to the New York Stock Exchange or a 'Selfie' with me and my idol singer or actor - it makes it more real. More tangible. This is the time were I manifest my desire.
The art of using a 'Selfie' powerfully is to see yourself as already reached your goal and being extremely happy in this role. You have to feel the positive energy that you can hopefully emanate from your self-generated future situation. If it is the opposite, such as "I am not good enough to become a great athlete, not smart enough to become a successful entrepreneur, too old or young to reach my goals ..."  it will also create your believe system of 'not being good enough'.
If you truly want to become successful in your business, imagine yourself as you have already achieved your goal, show yourself in the desired situation with a 'Selfie' that shows your true and wanted 'Self' and it will help you to get you there quicker. It will also help to remind you, when life is in your way, what you truly and really, really want. Transform a 'Selfie' into an "I-believe-in-me" picture! You have nothing to worry about. Get there where you want! See yourself there. Use the power of an understood 'Selfie'. And if it works for you - that's all it matters.
Dirk Stroda is the High Performance Mental Coach for many Olympians and Confidence Coach for CEO's and Entrepreneurs.
Follow Dirk Stroda on Twitter: www.twitter.com/dirkstroda
More:

Smart Design Shows Me Why and Howreddit
Last week, I got into in an elevator with a friend of mine. There were the usual rows of numbers and buttons, so I pressed "5" and stood ready to ascend. Nothing happened. I pressed the button again, this time a little harder. Still nothing. Finally, my friend reached over my shoulder and pushed the square to the right of the number "5." It lit up and the elevator started moving. Duh. "Dumb me," I said out loud. My friend shook his head and smiled, "I think it's more like 'dumb design,'" he said. And he was right. The elevator was designed so that it wasn't immediately clear which button to push. It took me out of my natural instinct and made me alter my behavior -- and that's the hallmark of dumb design.
Dumb design isn't under-considered, it's actually the opposite -- it's overthought and overcomplicated. Smart design, on the other hand, leads with instinct. It's more physical than intellectual, more reflex than thought process. Smart design isn't just what you want, but how you want it. It allows you to coexist with a product or service in a seamless fashion, whether that means inviting engagement through clear yet subtle cues, or leveraging an existing mental model of one task to complete another. Don Norman, cognitive scientist and usability expert, describes design as acting as the communication between object and user. In his book, The Design of Everyday Things, Norman acknowledges our tendency as humans to fault ourselves for misusing an object, especially when we repeatedly get it wrong. His classic example references the dials on a stovetop range and how directly they correspond to the quadrant of burners. Sometimes "Left-Front" looks like it should be "Left-Right" again, and again, and again. If it makes us stumble repeatedly, it's dumb design and it likely hasn't been tested in the real world for intuitiveness and efficacy.
So why has so little smart design filtered into everyday, mainstream experiences? Why are there still door handles that look as if they should be pulled, when in fact you need to push? The notion of design as communicator is a big shift from the way design has long been marketed in the U.S. as a decorative application, a way to make something pretty. Design's role is not to make something pretty; it's to make something useful. And when done very well, it also makes a thing delightful. Beauty can be a nice byproduct of usability, but it's never the goal. As German designer Dieter Rams said in his 10 Principles of Design, "Only well-executed objects can be beautiful."
As designers and business builders, if we're smart, we design in such a way to allow people to do what they already want to do. We can narrow our understanding of design to better serve us as a set of constraints for smart design. Design should clarify, it should delight, it should reassure. It should enable. Hell, it should even empower, if we think of it in terms of letting people do what they want and enjoy what they're doing.
There are many elements to creating a "smart" design and an organization that supports it. Three of the key elements I've held close while doing both include:
Design as a commitment.
Design doesn't begin with a sketch; it begins with an intention. I built my company alongside designers from the moment it was a complete sentence in my mind, knowing that the idea was only as good as the execution. We needed to make it usable to make it successful, especially given it would be living online and helping people to live offline. Our design is pervasive and definitive, present from the first moment a user discovers our brand, to when they bring it with them on the sidewalk or into the life of their partner or family.
Designers need to be at the table.
Having designers involved with that early and ongoing decision-making process is a natural part of what they do, it's how they design and it's how we created a disruptive customer experience in the real estate industry. As the deep thinkers in areas of how things work and look, designers bring a holistic perspective to problem-solving and empathy for a range of scenarios and roles. Nearly every day, I witness my design team question, connect, prove, improve, lead, and learn all in the same meeting. This ability to see things from the micro to macro, to stand in other peoples' shoes, and to clearly articulate the designer's own reasoning enables us to make tangible progress at every step.
Stand for something (own your value).
When you build a product or a company, you make a promise to the world of how that thing will function and contribute. Rarely is this promise a literal translation of the concept's purpose, but rather, it's a story of usability, a depiction of life made better by design. Knowing the larger implications of your work and how it will fit into peoples' lives enables you to champion not only the finer tactical points of your design, but also what it represents emotionally, behaviorally, and collectively. When we designed Doorsteps Swipe to conveniently expose individuals to a landscape of housing options, we also knew we were on the verge of changing how an entire industry related to its consumers, and in turn, what those consumers expected from the industry. We brought an element of delight, because our design was smart, and in doing so, we upped the game.
Follow Michele Serro on Twitter: www.twitter.com/micheleserro
More:

Walgreen  WebMD partnership awards discounts for exercise0
Walgreen's rewards card traditionally gives customers points for what they buy, which can be redeemed for cash off subsequent purchases.
“Walgreens rewards points become the incentive gauge to have them use (the app) more,” said WebMD CEO David Schlanger. “They now have this financial incentive to engage in these healthy behaviors.”
WebMD, best known for helping people identify mysterious ailments online, logs 64 million unique visitors each month. Walgreen Co. will have 12,400 drugstores in 14 countries once its merger with European counterpart Alliance Boots GmbH closes early next year.
In addition, WebMD provides online health coaching to people under contracts with their employers or insurance plans. The Walgreen pact will open that specialized content that helps people quit smoking, lose weight and eat healthy to the masses – at least anyone with a rewards card and an iPhone.
The hope is that the combination of two “trusted brands,” Walgreen President Alex Gourlay said, will drive more loyalty members at Walgreens stores and grow WebMD's presence.
Gourlay said the integration meets customers' increasing desire to be digitally connected.
“We want our stores to remain popular, but we want to give customers access on their terms,” Gourlay said. “The whole idea of happy and healthy is to provide the right solutions in the area of health care in a way that gives them the best advice and the best information. ... This is right in the sweet spot of happy and healthy.”
Walgreen will integrate some of WebMD's health advice, on topics such as allergies, skin care, healthy aging and heart health, in its stores and on its website and apps. WebMD will make available on its website Walgreens' online prescription refills and health care clinic appointment scheduling, but Walgreen said it won't be sharing actual prescription information with WebMD.
“The lines will be blurred even more when we start taking the WebMD coaching capability and integrating it into Walgreens' digital experience,” Schlanger said. “We have many of the same customers. The same people going to WebMD are going into Walgreens stores to fill prescriptions. ... The most important thing about this business relationship is to give them more services to improve their care.”
ehirst@tribune.com

Some McDonald s Monopoly Properties Matter MoreAnalyzing the top news stories across the web
Oct. 2 2014 11:16 AM
Some McDonald's Monopoly Properties Matter More
 
Some properties get more lovin' than others
Photo by Tim Boyle/Getty Images
This article originally appeared in Business Insider .
McDonald's kicked off its annual Monopoly sweepstakes this week, so of course we are thrilled to devour the stats. 
Advertisement
Lottery probabilities are a ton of fun , and Monopoly statistics are even more interesting , so a Monopoly-themed lottery may as well be Christmas for stat geeks. 
Here's how it works. Every time you purchase certain items at McDonald's over the next couple weeks—any one of 26 different menu items—you'll get to peel off a game piece composed of two stamps. 
These game stamps can correspond to either an instant prize, or they can correlate to a space on the Monopoly board. For spaces on the Monopoly board, if you get all the properties of a single color—or the Railroads — you win a prize. 
So, let's take a look at your odds of winning prizes by buying McDonald's. 
The Basics
Before we get into the stats, there are a few basic elements of the game you need to know. 
First of all, nobody cares about the online sweepstakes games. This is the last we will mention it, ever, because it's boring. All we care about is the in-store game, where you peel game pieces and win. 
There are approximately 602,490,060 game pieces in play. 
This means that there are 1.2 billion game stamps, or individual attempts at victory. 
There are 135,540,995 food prizes
There are 15,838,729 instant win prizes. 
The odds of winning a prize at the in-store game are 1 in 4, or a 25 percent probability.
Here's what all that looks like:
Walter Hickey/Business Insider
Instant Prizes
If you win a prize on McDonald's Monopoly, it is probably going to be a food prize. There's 1 in 4.45 odds—a 22.5 percent chance—you win a food prize when you get a McDonald's game piece.  As we mentioned earlier, the odds you win any prize is approximately 1 in 4, a probability of 25 percent. 
So what does this mean?  Well, comparing the two probabilities, 89.9 percent of the prizes will be food prizes. Hope you're hungry. 
In fact, 4 out of every 11 prizes allocated will be a medium fries. 
So let's look at the potential food prizes:
Medium Fries ($1.75): Odds 1 in 9, or 11.1 percent chance you win. 
Quarter Pounder w/ Cheese ($3.60): Odds 1 in 44, or 2.3 percent chance you win. 
Small McCafe or Smoothie ($2.40): Odds 1 in 44, or 2.3 percent chance you win. 
McFlurry ($2.55): Odds 1 in 44, or 2.3 percent chance you win. 
Breakfast Sandwich ($2.65): Odds 1 in 22, or 4.6 percent chance you win
Since there's a 25 percent chance of winning an instant prize, and a 22.5 percent chance of winning a food prize, that means that there is roughly a 2.5 percent chance of winning one of the other instant prizes.
Top Comment
"Many people assume that all the spaces are equally likely." I don't think anyone assumes that.   More...
-ClintT13
Join In
These range from a Redbox DVD (1 in 101 chance) to a pair of headphones (similar probability of drawing the Ace of Spades from a shuffled deck of cards four consecutive times) to $100,000 (drawing the Ace of Spades five consecutive times).
But let's get to the real fun.
Collect and Win Monopoly
Here's the secret to McDonald's Monopoly. Many people assume that all the spaces are equally likely.  For instance, most people think if McDonald's wants the Brown prize probability to be 1 in 1,000,000, they'll make the probability of drawing Baltic 1 in 1,000 and Mediterranean 1 in 1,000, making the probability of getting both 1 in 1,000,000. 
Instead, McDonalds was much smarter about it. They make Baltic show up 1 in 10 times and Mediterranean show up 1 in 100,000 times. This means that almost all the game pieces are entirely worthless, and only one game piece from every set is actually tantamount to winning the prize.  It's easy to get a hold of some of the worthless properties. They're outstandingly common, most with a 1 in 10 or so chance of popping up. Just hit Craigslist or something.
So here are the only game pieces that are actually very valuable. Don't trade these away:
BROWN: Mediterranean Ave, odds 1 in 30 million wins $1,000.
LIGHT BLUE: Vermont Ave, odds 1 in 40 million, wins $5,000.
PINK: Virginia Ave, odds 1 in 200 million, wins $10,000
ORANGE: Tennessee Ave, odds 1 in 602 million, wins Super Bowl tickets.
RED: Kentucky Ave, odds 1 in 15 million, wins one of 40 plane tickets for two.
YELLOW: Ventnor Ave, odds 1 in 300 million, wins $20,000
GREEN: Pennsylvania Ave, odds 1 in 40 million, wins one of 15 Fiat cars. 
BLUE: Boardwalk, 1 in 602 million, wins $1,000,000 in $50,000 annual payments.
RAILROADS: Short Line railroad, 1 in 150 million, wins a year's supply of gas. 
So, if you find one of those pieces, you're actually special. If you find any other piece, it's basically worthless, unless you can find a guy with an actually valuable piece to sell it to. 

Norway balks at cost of Winter OlympicsIOC hits out as Norway withdraws Winter Olympic bid
By David Crouch in Gothenburg and Roger Blitz in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d8938ffc-4a04-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A violent death in Venezuela  this one close to home for President MaduroBy Nick Miroff October 2 Follow @nickmiroff
The apparent murder of a young lawmaker close to Venezuelan president Nicolas Maduro is threatening to inflame the country's political tensions again.
Robert Serra, 27, and his partner, Maria Herrera, were found stabbed to death inside their residence in a rough neighborhood of Caracas, the capital, late Wednesday, and justice minister Miguel Rodriguez told reporters that the killing was carried out by skilled assassins, not common criminals. Rodriguez stopped short of assigning blame, but he characterized the attacks as a "contract killing."
That has left it up to Venezuelans to speculate who might have wanted Serra dead. "We are looking at an intentional homicide that was planned and carried out with great precision," Rodriguez said at a televised press conference Thursday, saying that the killers possessed "technical expertise."
In recent weeks, the government says it has uncovered "terrorist" plans to attack public institutions and infrastructure, saying that right-wing groups in neighboring Colombia were helping anti-government militants to plot Maduro's ouster. Venezuela's opposition accuses the Maduro government of inflating such threats in order to justify its crackdown on non-violent protest.
Serra was a well-known youth leader within the United Socialist (PSUV) party who distinguished himself in 2007 at the head of student rallies in support of now-deceased Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez. During Venezuela's more recent wave of anti-government demonstrations and roadblocks, Serra was one of Maduro's most ardent defenders, frequently denouncing protestors for allegedly trying to topple the president by force.
"Robert we'll follow your example, loyal and firm on the Path of the Revolution you have always defended with passion," Maduro posted on his Twitter account.
Earlier Thursday, Rodríguez urged members of Serra's party and other pro-government youths to "remain calm" while the investigation proceeded.
"We will find those responsible for this monstrosity," he said.
The deaths added to a series of homicides involving high-profile Venezuelans in recent months, including the January slaying of former Miss Venezuela Monica Spear by highway bandits.
Venezuela's homicide rate is one of the highest in the world, and the country's worsening crime problems were a catalyst for the anti-Maduro street protests that roiled the country earlier this year and left at least 40 dead.
Last month, Maduro began calling on Venezuelans to voluntarily turn in their weapons to police. Critics say it’s a fantasy to think that such an appeal will decrease violence, and they urge the government to overhaul the country’s police and security forces.
Opposition leader Henrique Capriles also lamented Serra's death on social media. "The death of any Venezuelan deserves our most energetic rejection, a national outcry for the violence to end, peace upon the soul of Robert Serra," he wrote.
Justice minister Rodriguez warned Venezuela's opposition not to turn the killings into what he called "a media show," and urged Venezuelans "of good conscience" to distance themselves from any attempt to use the attacks for political purposes.
Venezuelans critical of the government depicted the murders on social media as a comeuppance for Maduro, blaming him for the country's crime wave.
This post has been updated from an earlier version.
Nick Miroff is a Latin America correspondent for The Post, roaming from the U.S.-Mexico borderlands to South America’s southern cone. He has been a staff writer since 2006.

Once again: police work is NOT getting more dangerousBy Radley Balko October 2 Follow @radleybalko
We’re  continuing  to see stories alleging that police work is getting increasingly dangerous. I suspect we’ll see even more of this as the search for accused Pennsylvania cop killer Eric Frein continues, and then again as the year winds down. December usually brings a slew of stories about police officers killed over the last 12 months, and this year, unfortunately, we’ll see an increase in that figure over last year.
But as  I’ve written at length (and generally in vain),   it’s important  to include context when reporting these figures. Policing has been getting safer for 20 years. In terms of raw number of deaths, 2013 was the safest year for cops since World War II. If we look at the rate of deaths, 2013 was the safest year for police in well over a century. At the current pace, we can expect to see a 17 percent increase in on the job law enforcement fatalities this year over last year. That would put the total number of police officers who die on the job this year at 117, making 2014 the second safest year for cops in terms of raw fatalities since 1959. It would also put 2014 as the safest year for fatality rates in over a century. You’re more likely to be murdered simply by living in about half of the largest cities in America than you are while working as a police officer.
Over at the Freeman , Daniel Bier has put together a couple graphs to illustrate all of this, using data from the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, the FBI, and the Bureau of Justice Statistics.
 
Graph by Dan Bier
 
So why is policing getting safer? The drop in police fatalities is a trend that mirrors the more general fall in violent crime across the country over the same period. It seems likely that whatever caused one trend also caused the other, and criminologists are still arguing over what caused the crime drop. This is usually the part where advocates for more aggressive, militarized policing argue that what they advocate must be working. But that seems unlikely. Surveys have shown that 65 to 80 percent of SWAT raids are to serve warrants on people suspected of drug crimes. And drug crimes are the one class of crimes that haven’t dropped dramatically since the mid-1990s. Some have argued that better body armor for cops had something to do with it. There does seem to be some evidence for that. On the one hand, assaults on police officers are dropping too. (See Bier’s graph on that here .) So it isn’t just that cops and their gear are doing a better job deflecting attacks, it’s that fewer people are attacking cops in the first place. On the other hand, the drop in assaults isn’t nearly as steep as the drop in fatalities. So it seems safe to say that while attacks on cops are in decline, something seems to be protecting more cops from death and injury when assaults do happen. Body armor seems like a likely candidate.
Generally, though we’re just becoming a less violent society, though we also seem to have hard time accepting it . The point here is not to diminish the deaths of those officers who have been killed on the job. But some media outlets, police leaders , and law enforcement organizations continue to push the false narrative that policing is getting more dangerous, that cops are working in the equivalent of war zones , and so on. As I pointed out a couple of posts earlier this week , this almost certainly affects how police officers approach their jobs, and the way they interact with people day to day. A police officer who understands that his job is relatively safe and that America is getting safer is less likely to see threats were none exist, or to turn to lethal force when it isn’t merited . A cop who is constantly told that his job is dangerous and that every interaction with a citizen could be his last will naturally be more likely to reach for his weapon when it isn’t necessary.
These figures also affect public policy debates on issues like police militarization, police cameras, citizens recording cops , gun control , sentencing, drug laws, and a host of other criminal justice matters. These aren’t my positions, but it very well could be that we do need more police militarization, more gun control, longer prison sentences, and tougher drug laws. But we should be having those discussions based on reality-based understanding of the dangers of police work, not a narrative driven by fear and anecdotes.
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

MIKE SEGAR / Reuters
Madhukar Sabnavis: Kabaddi ahoy!Madhukar Sabnavis: Kabaddi ahoy!
Madhukar Sabnavis |  Oct 02, 2014 09:50 PM IST
The average viewers a match for the recently held Pro Kabaddi League was 1.6 million (among viewers 15 and older) vis-à-vis 6.8 milion for the Indian Premier League, or the IPL. Going younger, if you look at viewers four years old and over, the comparable numbers were two million and 8.4 million respectively. The cumulative reach of the professional kabaddi tournament was 101.5 million vis-à-vis the IPL's 149.32 million among the 15-plus audience. In fact, kabaddi has done better than the FIFA World Cup and the Hockey India League in TV viewership!
For a starter event, based on a sport seen as being fundamentally rural and downmarket, the numbers are both encouraging and instructive. Kabaddi was launched with sleekness for the television audiences. The modern stadiums and colourful gear were a far cry from the muddy grounds and uncouth men that are the classic images associated with the game. The introduction of star owners raised the profile of the event, and gave it a bit of glamour for television viewers. City names gave viewers a team to support, even if they didn't know the individual players. The event campaign "jeetega wahi" ("they will win") set the tone by giving both the game and the programme a modern flavour with a zing of attitude. The traditional was repackaged in a new avatar. And for the icing on the cake, as a challenger brand, STAR supported it with a high enough decibel level to gain the attention of the viewing audience. Its mass success provides hope that there is space for sports beyond cricket in this country.
Can cricket be upstaged however? It seems well-nigh impossible. Cricket is the longest-running soap opera on television. It provides the country - advertisers and public - a constant stream of celebrities, high viewership programming and heroes. Top players in the field can hope to make "professional" level money on the back of it - just like footballers in Europe and England. The sport has spawned many ancillary industries, including cricket academies, books and experts. But if one goes back into history, cricket has not always been king in this country.
Roll back to the 1970s, and hockey certainly led cricket in the Indian public consciousness. It was our national game. Dhyan Chand was India's first global iconic sportsman, dazzling the hockey world with his artistry. India had won seven hockey gold medals in the Olympics since 1928 and could be called world champions. I remember the World Cup in Kuala Lumpur in 1975 (the hockey World Cup was big in the days when none existed for cricket). India won by one goal, beating arch-rival Pakistan. Ashok Kumar, son of the legend Dhyan Chand, scored the only goal - a field goal. The victory led to national euphoria. This was hockey's finest hour.
But from there, it was just downhill, as Indian hockey didn't adapt to the changing AstroTurf game that Australia was mastering and the new method of "possession and control" hockey that the Europeans were developing to combat the Asian "attack" techniques. At the same time, cricket saw an upsurge. India won the cricket World Cup in 1983. By coincidence or serendipity, one-day cricket became the defining version of the game just as television began to gain ascendency in India. So cricket became defining TV programming alongside Hindi movie content in the 1980s - 30-minute soaps came much later.
So while hockey was fighting for survival, cricket rode on the television boom. Aided with the Indian team's rise, it began to define "sport" in this country. So while it seems dominating today, it's actually just a three decade-old phenomenon!
If hockey defined Indian pride after independence in the first two decades, cricket has been the definer of the "India can compete and win" spirit in the last two decades, as India opened up. Is kabaddi's emergence a return to "all things local'' pride?
At its core, India is not a sporting nation. We are more a sport-viewing nation. Studies and marks, not sports, define our schooling and our upbringing. If one went back to our cultural roots through the eyes of mythology, only two key sports emerge: archery and wrestling. One is mental and the other physical; both are, interestingly, individual. Overlay this with our collective, social inclination and this presents a conflict between individual excellence and team play.
In this context, cricket is an interesting game. It allows for individual records in an otherwise team game and yet doesn't depend completely on team work for victory. It perhaps explains Indians' success in the game.
Semiotically, kabaddi is much the same - together yet individual. Further, kabaddi, like cricket, allows for enough field spectacle in a condensed time for viewers to enjoy watching - unlike sports like chess and archery which are not so action-oriented and so are "boring" for a casual viewer.
There is no doubt that fatigue is setting in with cricket. There's been something of an overdose. Signs are already visible that upper-class urban India is being attracted to other games - especially with the globalisation of media and the availability of top-quality sport on television and over the internet. Culturally, Indians are assimilative and ready to accept the new if served in the right manner. With new leagues, in football and tennis, around the corner, there is enough experimentation being conducted to provide the viewer with options.
STAR Sports should be complimented for its decision to provide support to alternative sports and propel them into Indians' consciousness. It's a bold initiative. The growth of new sports will, however, depend on a number of other factors: the emergence of champions and role models; how well the federations and organisations sustain their efforts; and what grass-root level initiatives are conducted to promote them. These feed off and into each other.
While there are discussions whether one sport will substitute another, the truth is that other product markets - from automobiles to media to fashion accessories - have shown that multiple categories and brands can happily coexist if they stay relevant. The Indian market is ready for multiple options.
But Cricket India needs to realise that soon there could be options to it, for advertisers and viewers alike.
The fight for sports eyeballs is at a transformative stage. It could be at a point of inflection now. Let us hope the best players win. More sport on TV means more sports involvement for the public and more sportsmanship in India. And that will be, overall, healthy. Something worth thinking about.
The writer is vice-chairman of Ogilvy and Mather, India. These views are his own
madhukar.sabnavis@ogilvy.com

R Gopalakrishnan: Ganesha  Gandhi & GM foodsR Gopalakrishnan: Ganesha, Gandhi & GM foods
R Gopalakrishnan |  Oct 02, 2014 09:48 PM IST
India has just celebrated the grand Ganesha festival. We may be unique in the world with a god for obstacles: Vighnakarta places obstacles and Vighnaharta removes obstacles. Ganesha must be closely linked to innovation. In this column, I will discuss obstacles in innovating with food and agriculture. In the November column, I will touch on obstacles in other domains.
Innovation faces obstacles, sometimes at the individual level and sometimes civilisational.
The individual level is about personal apprehensions, not necessarily logical or consistent. Some people feel uncomfortable about the use of fertilisers and pesticides though they may use pest control at home. Some consumers don't like the idea of genetically modified (GM) foods, which, they believe, may have the "bad effects of foreign genes".
When people gravitate to a common view, a civilisational challenge may arise, more far-reaching than individual challenge. The Organic Farming Digest 1947 argued that "human diseases have increased because of fertilisers". In the 1970s, Australian ecologist Peter Bennett argued that "artificial fertilisers are poisoning our gardens and farms." In 1953, German philosopher Martin Heidegger opposed the "monstrousness" of technology through his thought paper "The question concerning technology."
Some groups are fiercely opposed to key agricultural technologies developed over the last century: crop protection and nutrition chemicals, and GM seeds. The merits of the pro- and anti-movements depend so much on the subject and how you view the issues.
Israeli historian Yuval Noah Harari argues that what makes humans distinct and successful in evolution is the ability to unify small groups behind certain "fictions" (or groupings) - for example, a nation. These fictions survive because of the human ability to retain people around an idea. He points out that if 10,000 chimpanzees were assembled in Wembley Stadium, chaos would prevail, but if 10,000 humans were so assembled, with time, they would organise themselves, co-operate and produce a fiction.
Harari also believes that the first agricultural revolution was "a wrong turn". The average peasant in Egypt at the time of Christ had a far worse life than the hunter-gatherers who lived in the same place 20,000 years earlier. His evidence is that the skeletons show that the peasant had a poorer diet and had to do back-breaking work compared to the hunter-gatherer.
But can you imagine all of us living as our ancestors lived, let alone as hunter-gatherers? It seems that all forms of progress do carry their penalties. Every innovation leads to unintended consequences, which lead to further innovation. Nature has its own law of compensation. Perhaps this is why dilemmas posed by progress have always been central to public debate.
Activists see industry as blood-sucking and selfish folk with heavy money power and little concern for future generations. Business and industry see activists as unreasonable blockers in the face of overwhelming scientific evidence. Some activist organisations are regarded unfavourably for their hidden agendas and funding methods (since 2012, 20 countries - Azerbaijan, Mexico, Venezuela, to name a few - have passed laws that affect NGOs receiving foreign funds). Both views have some validity, but only partially so.
Experts and the cognoscenti are also divided with their own fictions and interest groups also spread disinformation. One writer in a Tamil magazine recently concluded his diatribe against GM seeds by saying, "Let nature be nature. Or else snakes will grow in the brinjals from your garden, and dinosaurs will be born from your cows. So be careful!"
Some activists change their view. For over a decade, British environmentalist Mark Lynas stood solidly against the use of biotechnology in agriculture. In his January 2013 lecture to the Oxford Farming Conference, Lynas detailed his conversion from an organiser of the anti-GM food movement in Europe to a supporter of the technology. He admitted "... in 2008, I was still penning screeds in The Guardian attacking the science of GM - even though I had done no academic research on the topic, and had a pretty limited personal understanding. I don't think I'd ever read a peer-reviewed paper on biotechnology or plant science..." He apologised for engaging in vandalism of field trials of genetically engineered crops, stating that "anti-science environmentalism became increasingly inconsistent with my pro-science environmentalism with regard to climate change". Lynas criticised organisations with which he was previously associated, including Greenpeace and organic trade groups like the UK Soil Association, for ignoring scientific facts about GM crop safety and benefits because it conflicted with their ideologies.
As expected, his admirers applauded his openness, his opponents slammed him!
The key challenge is: how do you decide on any matter when there is no accepted arbiter? Activists feel that citizens cannot rely on government, which is inefficient, compromised or both. If the government appoints a technical committee, the opponents cite alternative technical experts. In this way, India did not permit Bt brinjal, but Bangladesh did: now watch the brinjal border security!
So, how can an intelligent and aware citizen develop a view that need not be bipolar? Here are four ways.
One way is to leave it to a team of scientists and everyone must accept their view. Another way is to leave it to the key practitioner, who has an earthy common sense about these things. If it is food, let the consumer decide. If it is agriculture, let the farmer decide. After all, with Bt cotton, Indian farmers adopted it from neighbouring countries and government permissions followed. But this may not be a good option in some cases.
A third way is to fall back on the Rig Veda aphorism: bahujana sukhaya bahujana hitaya cha (for the happiness of the many, for the welfare of the many). If lots of people can benefit, is there a case to try the innovation? But who is to decide?
A final way can be to refer to what Mahatma Gandhi said, albeit in a different context, "Before you do anything, stop and recall the face of the poorest, most helpless destitute person you have seen and ask yourself whether what you are about to do will help him."
These ways may provide a way forward, a way that Vighnaraja may approve.
The writer is Director, Tata Sons.
These views are personal.

Alipak Banerjee & M S Ananth: Anti-corruption laws - It s time to think out of the boxAlipak Banerjee & M S Ananth: Anti-corruption laws - It's time to think out of the box
Alipak Banerjee & M S Ananth |  Oct 02, 2014 09:46 PM IST
According to Global Financial Integrity, a programme of the Center for International Policy, Washington DC, India has lost nearly $425 billion since independence to illicit financial outflows. This substantially represents money gained from corruption, kickbacks and similar criminal activities. The Kroll Global Fraud Report says at least eight per cent of investors are dissuaded from investing in India on account of corruption.
The law that addresses these issues - the Public Procurement Bill of 2012 - has not yet been passed by Parliament. The enforcement of existing law is also abysmal - conviction in offences relating to cheating and fraud under the Indian Penal Code is about 25 per cent for 2012. The new government would do well to address this issue with out-of-the-box thinking rather than enacting more laws and creating enforcement agencies.
In India, important sectors such as railways, defence, health and telecommunications allocate a substantial portion of their budget to public procurement contracts. Estimates of public procurement in India vary between 20 and 30 per cent of gross domestic product and are as significant as approximately half the total budget in certain ministries. This makes the need for integrity in public procurement not merely an ethical requirement, but an economic and social one too.
Public procurement contracts have acquired considerable notoriety, bleeding the exchequer through rigged bids, inflated bills and forged documents. An important challenge in public procurement contracts is crony capitalism and collusion within a company - unknown to shareholders and directors, certain key employees are capable of engaging in illegal activities, causing irreparable harm to the company. Strangely, Section 47 of the Public Procurement Bill prosecutes the person in charge of and responsible for the conduct of the business of the company, including directors and senior officers, and not the person who has actually committed the offence.
Although there are multiple agencies such as the Central Vigilance Commission, the Comptroller and Auditor General and Central Bureau of Investigation to examine such contracts, the final act is played out by the time these agencies are involved. The existing law, Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988, addresses only demand-side corruption and has failed to secure satisfactory results.
In the absence of a law on public procurement, government departments and state-owned enterprises (SOEs) have prepared their own regulations to deal with corrupt practices in connection with procurement. The General Financial Rules (GFRs) developed by the ministry of finance establish principles and procedures for government procurement. All government purchases must follow the principles outlined in the GFRs. GFR and the regulations formulated by government departments and SOEs include powers to make inquiries and blacklisting suppliers. Although the Supreme Court of India has balanced the rights of suppliers with the power to blacklist by SOEs in its rulings, there is no deterrent effect either from the law or the power to blacklist.
In 2005, recognising the importance of anti-corruption measures in public procurement, the United Nations Convention against Corruption (UNCAC) was signed by over 13 nations and it came into effect on December 14, 2005. By April 2014, 140 countries had signed on. Under Article 9 of the UNCAC, each contracting state is obligated to take steps to establish systems of public procurement based on transparency and objective criteria to weed out corruption. India became party to the UNCAC in May 2011 and, as part of its obligation, introduced the Public Procurement Bill in Parliament.
The Bill seeks to regulate and ensure transparency in public procurement and also addresses supply-side corrupt practices. Although the Bill proposes to tackle crucial elements of corruption, there are certain flaws in it. For instance, it exempts procurements for disaster management, for security or strategic purposes, and those below Rs 50 lakh. The central government can also exempt, in public interest, any procurements or procuring entities from any of the provisions of the Bill. These exceptions defeat the object of the Bill.
Given that corrupt practices are driven by greed, a purely legal solution will be inadequate to address the problem. An economic solution is required that can alter the behaviour of individuals. Unfortunately, the law has failed to address the issue of deterrence - criminals are emboldened due to poor enforcement. Criminal behaviour has shown that people with illegal motives are not dissuaded solely by laws - the threat of incarceration is required to serve as a deterrent.
One possible solution to transparency and accountability in allocating public resources and defence contracts is to include an internal industry-based fact-finding body that is qualified and competent to ascertain allegations of corrupt practices being indulged in by a company. A reward system that incentivises competitors to share information of corrupt practices can also be used to effectively regulate illicit transactions. The deterrent effect of a corruption law is imperative. Public officials responsible for such bids should be made personally liable along with the ministers and illegal gains from such contracts should be confiscated. Additionally, proceeds from corrupt practices - in whatever form - should be seized.
The inherent flaw of anti-corrupt laws is that they enforce the law and cannot regulate economic behaviour. The government would do well to engage with chambers of commerce and seek private enforcement of strict standards of transparency and accountability rather than drag its feet over allegations of corruption.
The writers are with Nishith Desai Associates, New Delhi

Rahul Jacob: If the Chinese investRahul Jacob: If the Chinese invest
Rahul Jacob | New Delhi Oct 02, 2014 09:44 PM IST
Read through the list of 16 memorandums of understanding (MoUs) signed between China and India during President Xi Jinping's state visit a fortnight ago and it is hard to pin down the $20 billion in foreign direct investment promised. The first MoU, signed by the respective foreign ministers, Sushma Swaraj and Wang Yi, facilitates the long march of pilgrims on the arduous Kailash Mansarovar Yatra, who will be able to travel through Tibet. Further down the list is an MoU that indicates that "both sides have agreed that China will participate in the New Delhi World Book Fair 2016 as the Guest of Honour Country".
But let's take on faith that Chinese will invest about … well, okay somewhere between the roughly $400 million they have invested in the last decade and a half as India's 28th largest foreign investor and the $20 billion over the next five years the government assure us they will.
The serious money, one imagines, will be spent on upgrading Indian Railways with Chinese help and, of course, on those two large special economic zones (SEZs) in Gujarat and Maharashtra. The Maharashtra industrial development corporation's 1,250-acre SEZ is to be built in partnership with Beiqi Foton Motor Co Ltd on the left-hand column of the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) website listing or Beiqi Futon Motor Co Ltd on the right-hand side. Maharashtra could be getting a world-beating commercial truck and Toyota knock-off sedan company that also makes Japanese-style cotton mattresses on the side, while Gujarat just got the Nano. (Do we need another SEZ for a car company?)
This is the age of official handout journalism in India. In that sense, the Indian and Chinese governments are now well matched, but it means it is hard to get detailed answers. It is still worth contemplating how the Chinese will invest that money and what changes this will bring about in the country. Finishing large infrastructure projects, Chinese style, within three years instead of 10 in India is a good thing. Will they bring their own workers to build SEZs and infrastructure projects as they have done in from Sri Lanka to Africa? Would we let them? Has the MEA discussed this?
For a preview of the manner in which Chinese investment transforms places in good and bad ways, there are few more accessible sources than Howard French's recent book, China's Second Continent: How a Million Migrants Are Building a New Empire in Africa.
Mr French quotes China Exim Bank figures that suggest that China extended $63 billion in loans to African countries in the first decade of the 21st century. Completed projects are estimated to be about $50 billion, a significant amount of money. The investment was driven as much by private Chinese entrepreneurs as by state diktat. In Mozambique, he meets a businessman named Hao Shengli who uses swearwords while talking with locals in the way other people might use verbs. "The market capacity of the blacks is pretty bad. The thing you need to know about them is that they only do what they are supposed to do when you are watching them," Mr Hao tells Mr French in one of his more polite comments.
In Senegal, the author meets a businessman called Li Jicai who says it is a lot easier to make money in hyper-competitive China. "There is no future in Africa. How will they develop with the kind of education they have here? Look at China. We are putting people into space. We are developing technologies," Mr Li says. "But, these people, they are impossible to teach, whether it is how to build a building or how to make a road. They just don't learn." In Liberia, Mr French meets a hotelier who explains that Chinese people typically bring their own towels because they would rather not use towels used by hei ren, or black people.
A few years ago, I visited the port the Chinese were building in Hambantota in southern Sri Lanka and was surprised to find an entire colony of Chinese workers in the Sri Lankan president's former constituency. The highway being built from Colombo to Hambantota is a marvel by South Asian standards. In Colombo three years ago, I fell into conversation with the interpreter for a Chinese company that was building the arts performance centre. It turned out that the workers were not allowed out of the premises to keep contacts with the locals to a minimum unless they needed hospitalisation. Their salaries were sent home directly.
The prejudices the Chinese carry with them mean they are not natural global managers. Yet Mr French's book suggests they are succeeding as entrepreneurs in Africa, even if the benefits for the Chinese government are much less clear. One comes away with the sense that there will be a colossal culture clash when China invests large sums in India because the Chinese appear to be almost as racist as we are.
Earlier this week, while Prime Minister Narendra Modi was meeting an American president who happens to have a Kenyan father, a mob on the Delhi Metro brutally attacked three students from Burkina Faso and Gabon for no reason - other than that they were black Africans. A police booth they had taken refuge in was smashed up. The three young men were attacked with steel rods and glass shards, while the mob alternately hurled things at them or laughed as they took multiple pictures on mobile phones (the video is at http://goo.gl/h7hCKa ). If we treated them better, the legions of Africans studying in India - at NIIT or Amity in the case of these youngsters - could become ambassadors for India when they return home or even promote trade ties. Despite our historic advantage of a diaspora there, China has stolen a march on us in Africa. If they do invest anything close to $20 billion in India, let's at least please be polite to them.
Twitter: @RahulJJacob

Can Microsofts new Windowsscore a perfect 10Can Microsoft Corporation's new Windows score a perfect 10?
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 02, 2014
First Published: 23:12 IST(2/10/2014) | Last Updated: 02:22 IST(3/10/2014)
Comments
Microsoft is putting up a brave face after its latest edition of office software, Windows 10, drew mixed response in the first 24 hours of its unveiling.
The Windows 10 Global Technical Preview was on Wednesday, and initial reports in blogs and social networking sites were not encouraging, but Microsoft expressed confidence that the product would get positive global feedback once more people get to try it.
“It is just about 24 hours…Tech Preview is designed for PC experts who are comfortable downloading unfinished software,” said a Microsoft spokesperson in India. “We expect the participation of more global users to provide the most robust set of feedback we’ve ever had.”
Mark Hachman at PC World commented: “The Start menu isn’t an overtly pro-business element, and neither are the windowed apps, virtual desktops, or the nifty Snap Assist tools. That would be like saying mouse support is strictly for businesses.”
Windows 10 is important for Microsoft as its current offering, Windows 8, is marred by low user acceptance and glitches that update patches were unable to address. Some common complaints were the new Start screen, Internet Explorer requiring frequent refreshes, excessive backing up of files that filled up hard disks with redundant files, and issues in upgrading from Windows 7.
“Devices using Window have evolved, are evolving, the challenge is to meet not only the demands of existing forms of devices but also those evolving,” Vineet Durani, director, Windows business group, Microsoft India, told HT.
Market analysts are optimistic. “Microsoft has tried to balance the demands of different users by focusing on overhauling the new operating system in terms of adaptability across various devices,” said Sandeep Ladda, India Technology leader, PwC. “The return of the popular Start menu, and addition of innovative features such as Multiple Desktops, Snap View and Universal App Store are likely to bring momentum.”
The software variant for mobile devices has not been unveiled yet. “We will have more to share on the Windows experience for mobile devices at a later date,” a Microsoft India spokesperson said.

Wall St volatile as growth worries persist© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fe8314f2-49e2-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The rot in media and entertainmentThe rot in media and entertainment
Vanita Kohli-Khandekar | New Delhi Oct 02, 2014 11:58 PM IST
The distribution team of a broadcaster colludes with multi-system operators and local cable operators to overcharge carriage fees, taking a cut on the amount. Ad agencies and production houses collude with talent managers, inflate talent costs and take a cut. Programming houses claim they pay bribes to get shows approved from broadcasters. Cuts on film-acquisition rights are common. And, corruption in media buying has reached another level - almost every media brand says it has bribed a planner or buyer at some point to ensure its brand is included in a plan.
Not so directly, but this is what a damning new piece of research from consulting firm EY shows. The research, released earlier this month, uses online interviews with 45 senior people to chart the course of rising fraud and corruption in the Rs 83,000-crore Indian media & entertainment (M&E) sector. ( TIME TO CLEAN UP )
One could argue the sample is too small to arrive at any conclusion. Also, EY has one of the largest M&E practices among the big five consulting firms and it is particularly strong on risk advisory services. So, the report will eventually lead to more business for EY.
That would hold true if the research didn't come at a time when some heads have rolled and there is intense questioning and acknowledgement of the rot. Recently, a well known name in the media agency business, along with colleagues, was sidelined, following allegations of financial irregularity. This was while they were working on the account of one of the largest advertisers in India. And, several managers have been caught over invoicing their firms on programming, acquisition or talent costs.
Though these are isolated cases, these have led to anxiety. Therefore, the findings of the EY survey, in which 56 per cent of the respondents said there was increase in fraud through the past two years, resonate. The loss of profits or cost inflation is estimated at 5-25 per cent, a big number in a sector in which carriage fees and content costs have seen constant upward pressure. The question, then, is is this market pressure or simply poor ethics at work? And, could the sector, infamous for its poor returns, have done better?
The most common type of fraud is clearly those in which acquisition of any sort - or purchase, in the business language of the 70s - is involved. The report, which uses real-life case studies, without names, shows an unsavoury side of a sector that has otherwise been a huge hub of employment, revenues and creative buzz. If you add news media-with paid news and private treaties, the picture gets dirtier. Time to clean it up?

28 words that Democrats really wish President Obama didnt say todayBy Chris Cillizza October 2 Follow @thefix
President Obama talked about the economy Thursday at Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management. (WhiteHouse.gov)
President Obama was at Northwestern University on Thursday to deliver an economic speech that, he and his team hoped, would lay out the case for why the public is better off today than they were six years ago -- even if they didn't feel it in their everday lives. Instead, Obama just gave every Republican ad-maker in the country more fodder for negative ads linking Democratic candidates to him.
Here are the four sentences that will draw all of the attention (they come more than two thirds of the way through the speech): "I am not on the ballot this fall.  Michelle’s pretty happy about that.  But make no mistake: these policies are on the ballot.  Every single one of them." Boil those four sentences down even further and here's what you are left with: "Make no mistake: these policies are on the ballot.  Every single one of them."
You can imagine Sen. Mark Pryor of Arkansas or Sen. Kay Hagan in North Carolina or Alison Lundergan Grimes in Kentucky grimacing when they heard those 28 words. That trio has spent much of the campaign insisting that this election is NOT about Barack Obama, that it is instead about a choice between themselves and their opponents.
The reason for this distancing strategy is obvious: President Obama is deeply unpopular in many of the states that will decide which party controls the majority in 2015. Of the seven seats rated "toss ups" by the non-partisan Cook Political Report, Obama lost four of them (Alaska, Arkansas, Louisiana and North Carolina) in 2012. He also lost in three Democratic-held open seats -- Montana, South Dakota and West Virginia -- now viewed as sure-thing pickups for Republicans. If Republicans only won Democratic-held seats where Obama lost in 2012, they would pick up 7 seats -- one more than they need to recapture the majority.
In many of these states, Obama's numbers are in a (much) worse place today than in November 2012. Just four in ten Louisiana voters approve of how President Obama is doing his job in a recent CNN/Opinion Research poll . In Arkansas, Obama's approval rating is at 31 percent, according to an NBC/Marist poll . Even in Colorado, a state Obama won in 2008 and 2012, his approval rating sat at just 39 percent in another NBC/Marist survey.
It doesn't take a political mastermind to realize that an ad in which the President of the United States says "Make no mistake: These policies are on the ballot. Every single one of them" might not be helpful to the Democratic candidates trying to run away from him this November.
So, why did Obama say it? My guess is that he wanted to make the stakes clear to a Democratic base that, by virtually every polling measure I've seen, is less enthusiastic to turn out and vote on Nov. 4 than Republicans.  The idea being that if you like Obama and his policies -- which his base, especially African Americans, still do -- then you need to show it by going out and voting.  The Obama political team is working under the assumption that if you dislike President Obama, nothing he says or does is going to change that reality. So, why not show the Democratic base that this election is worth fighting for?
I think that underestimates the impact of an unpopular president (on video no less!) bluntly insisting that an election in 33 days is indeed a referendum on his policies. Republicans couldn't have written a better script than that.
Chris Cillizza writes “The Fix,” a politics blog for the Washington Post. He also covers the White House.

Hawaii is the Best State in AmericaBy Reid Wilson October 2 Follow @postreid
The pay gap between men and women remains wide. Elected officials are still overwhelmingly male. Progress in reversing those deficits has been slow, but one state — Hawaii — stands out.
Several studies of political and economic power show that women are nearer to parity with their male counterparts in Hawaii than they are in other states.
Women make 83 percent of what men earn in Hawaii, just two percentage points below Maryland, the state with the smallest gender pay gap. Women in Nevada, Vermont, New York, California, Florida and Maine also make at least 83 percent of what men do, according to a study published this year by the American Association of University Women. At the top of the list is the District, where women’s median earnings are 90 percent of men’s.
Hawaii is also one of 14 states where women are more likely to have completed a bachelor’s degree than men; 29.7 percent of women in the Aloha State graduated from college, compared with 28.9 percent of men, according to the National Center for Education Statistics .
Women make up a substantial portion of Hawaii’s elected officials, too. The state ranks third for gender parity in statewide political officeholders, according to Representation 2020 , a group that works to raise awareness about the underrepresentation of women in government. Only New Hampshire and Washington rank higher.
Southern states are far less likely to be governed by women, according to Representation 2020’s count. Virginia, which ranks last on the group’s list, has an astonishingly bad record: Just one woman has been elected to a statewide executive office — Mary Sue Terry, who served as attorney general from 1986 to 1993 — and only three have represented the commonwealth in Congress.

Sharks might have distinct personalitiesSome sharks just want to make friends, but others ride alone. (Tyrone Siu/Reuters)
Small-spotted catsharks show signs of having social personalities, according to new research.
You can look at just about any animal and see that it has individual quirks of personality: Dogs who are pessimistic , octopodes that squirt their least favorite researchers in the lab, and moray eels that like to cuddle (shown below) -- just to name a few.
But  this study , published in the journal Behavioral Ecology and Sociobiology, wasn't just looking to see which sharks were grumpy or friendly. Instead, researchers wanted to see if the sharks would repeat the same behaviors in different settings and with different individuals -- the same way we do.
"Imagine if we took ten work colleagues and plonked them in a bar, and observed which individuals sat with which other individuals over the course of an evening," William Hughes, an animal behavior researcher at the University of Sussex who wasn't involved in the study, told BBC News .
To see whether someone was inherently solitary or socially gregarious, you could keep repeating the experiment in different places -- and with different individuals -- to see who tended to form large, lively social gatherings and who tended to end up socializing with as few people as possible.
The researchers didn't take the sharks out drinking, but they put them in the equivalent social situation for their species: Ten groups, each with 10 of the catsharks, were put in three different environments.
To stay safe in the ocean, a young shark has one of two options -- group up to rely on the buddy system, or stay isolated and try to blend in with its surroundings. The researchers hypothesized that sharks would stick to one adaptation -- that some would be social, and some would be loners. Sure enough, the sharks that wanted to cuddle up in big groups did so in any location, while the loners stayed as such.
This study only examined one species of shark, but other researchers are already looking at the same kinds of "personality" traits in others. In any case, it's increasingly clear that the social lives of animals -- while perhaps difficult for us to recognize -- are pretty complex.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Asian shares retreat after Wall Street lossesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Experts Support RBI s Decision to Keep Rates SteadyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

FlipKart  eBay and other e-tailers bank on bigger discounts  more festivesalesThe retailers expect to clock over 75,000 daily sales this festive season in categories like electronics, fashion and lifestyle and home decor. (Reuters)
Bangalore | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:24 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 1:30 am
E-commerce companies are bracing for a bull run this festive season, eying manifold growth in sales in the October-November period through exclusive brand tie-ups and product launches. The likes of Flipkart, Amazon, Snapdeal, eBay, ShopClues and Paytm are gearing up to unleash a blitzkrieg of ad campaigns, which may cost in excess of R200 crore and deep discounts to the tune of 50-70%.
The retailers expect to clock over 75,000 daily sales this festive season in categories like electronics, fashion and lifestyle and home decor. A slew of special offers, including steep discounts and freebies, will be unveiled in the coming weeks to keep consumers glued to online shopping. The efforts are paying off, with a Google study suggesting that online-shopping related searches peaked in the week beginning September 28. Buoyed by the responses, the e-tailers are aiming at least a 50% jump in sales against the year-ago period. The festive season this year kick-started with Onam and will continue till Diwali.
“Customers can avail free shopping coupons and bumper discounts of about 70% across a wide range of products. Free iPhone 6 for the highest spending customer between noon to 6:00 pm is also on offer,” said Shivani Dhanda, head-marketing, eBay India. eBay, which was one of the earliest e-commerce companies to enter India nine years ago, has tied up with large format retail chains like Viveks and Sangeetha Mobiles, besides partnering with Karbonn Mobiles and Intex for exclusive launches.
Flipkart has launched a Big Billion Day campaign, handpicking October 6 for showering bounty on customers to coincide with flat number 610, where co-founders Sachin and Binny Bansal started their journey in 2007. The company promises unprecedented discounts across 70 categories, besides flash sales and lucky draws.
Exclusive brand tie-ups are high on agenda for every e-tailer. Online fashion store Myntra will collaborate with around 20 brands to launch some of their products exclusively on its platform by the first week of October. It has tied up with brands like Puma, Vero Moda, Jack and Jones, Biba and Lee. Myntra will also add three more private brands to its kitty of eight before Diwali.
“We are launching three private brands around Diwali, one in the formal category, one in kidswear and the other a licensed brand. We will continue to grow our private brands as they are important both from a differentiation point and also profitability aspect,” Ganesh Subramanian, COO, Myntra, told FE.
He added that Myntra is expected to clock three times higher revenues compared to the 2013 festive season.
In a bid to penetrate a customer base comprising 243 million internet users, the e-tailers have earmarked a substantial amount towards ad spends. For instance, Shopclues, which continued…

A grandson and a wife vie for seat that would electCMA grandson and a wife vie for seat that would elect CM
Written by Mukesh Bhardwaj | Uchana Kalan |       October 3, 2014 8:41 am
Comments
Dushyant addresses voters and (inset) Prem Lata. (Source: Express photo)
Dushyant Chautala is visiting Uchana Kalan for the first time since he became the MP from Hisar, the parent Lok Sabha constituency. He is cautiously optimistic about becoming an MLA. “I got my highest lead, 52,850 votes, from this assembly segment. Then I had against me HJC chief Kuldeep Bishnoi, who had fallen in stature and was easy prey,” he says. “An assembly election is different, but we will win with a comfortable margin, if not with 50,000.”
Asked why an MP should be seeking to enter the assembly, he says, “This seat will decide the chief minister. God willing, my grandfather (O P Chautala) will get relief from the court and take over after the election. I am retaining this seat for him.”
And what if Chautala does not get relief? “Even then, this seat will decide the chief minister.” When he announces that at the Brahmin chaupal, the crowd cheers, “Chief Minister Dushyant Chautala zindabad”. And a supporter whispers, “He will be the youngest chief minister at age 26 plus.”
He is up against another candidate seeking to win the seat on behalf of a potential chief minister. From the front seat of her SUV, Prem Lata calls out to the small crowd at Chhatar, Uchana Kalan. “Don’t forget, you are voting for Chaudhary saab.” Uchana Kalan is the home constituency of her husband, Birender Singh, who broke away from the Congress after 42 years to join the BJP.
“Chaudhary saab has always stood by you and this is a crucial election. We have a new flag, a new beginning with Prime Minister Narendra Modi who is the hope of every person in the country,” she tells the small crowd.
When he joined the BJP, Birender’s supporters were hoping he would be its chief ministerial candidate. The BJP didn’t even field him. “It is wrong to say Birender Singhji has been sidelined,” Prem Lata tells The Indian Express. “My husband is a chief ministerial candidate and if such a situation emerges after the election, I will happily vacate the seat for him. This is the seat that always looks at the chief minister’s chair because of its candidates.”
In the last election, O P Chautala defeated her husband by 600-odd votes. “In that election, people were fed up with the Congress and were not sure about the alternative,” says Prem Lata. “Now they have the alternative. Dushyant is representing a leader who is in jail on corruption charges.”
Dushyant’s popularity is on display at Kakrod, where villagers pose with him for a camera crew. He promises to send copies to all. “I may bid for the Guinness record for the most photos.”
Dushyant is one of three Chautalas contesting in Haryana, alongside mother Naina and uncle Abhay. “Show me one big leader who has not promoted his family,” he replies to a question. “Even here, I continued…

Rim scores late in Souths scrappy win over NorthKoreaThe scrappy goal at the end of 120 tense minutes sent South Korea's wide-eyed players raging around the pitch in a crazed mix of relief and joy. (Source: Reuters)
Reuters | Incheon | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:22 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 9:10 am
South Korea’s Rim Chang-woo lashed home the winner in the last minute of extra time to give the Asian Games hosts a 1-0 win over fierce rivals North Korea in the final of the men’s soccer tournament on Thursday.
The scrappy goal at the end of 120 tense minutes sent South Korea’s wide-eyed players raging around the pitch in a crazed mix of relief and joy, while their shattered opponents dropped to their knees in tears, beating the ground in despair. Just 24 hours earlier, South Koreans had come out in force to support the North in the women’s final against Japan, waving flags, hanging banners and singing of their desire for unification of the divided peninsula. But there was no time for harmony or sentiments of Korean nationhood on Thursday.
This was a frantic, full-blooded Korean derby complete with meaty challenges, short-tempered skirmishes and a South Korean crowd in full voice demanding victory over the North.
Tense finish
The visitors had the best chance of regulation when Pak Kwang Ryong bulleted a header off the bar in the 75th minute, and while the South dictated the pace and possession they rarely troubled North Korean goalkeeper Ri Myong Guk.
The tension somehow rose in extra time, with North Korean coach Yun Jong Su kicking out at a water bottle and remonstrating with an assistant referee, and just when it looked like a penalty shootout was coming the South grabbed the winner. North Korea’s exhausted defenders failed to clear a corner and the ball fell to Rim, who smashed it home from close range to bring an enormous roar of relief from the 47,000 crowd.
After receiving their gold medals, which frees them from two years of military service, South Korea’s players draped themselves in their country’s flag and did a lap of honour, before throwing coach Lee Kwang-jong in the air in
celebration. Lee paid tribute to his team for winning South Korea’s first gold since the 1986 Asiad in Seoul and praised towering striker Kim Shin-wook, who has been struggling with injury but made an impact as a late substitute.

Crown stays withqueensThe Indian 4x400 women’s relay team gold medal winners -Priyanka Pawar, Mandeep Kaur, Tintu Lukka and Poovamma Raju. (Source: Reuters)
Express News Service | Incheon | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:20 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 8:48 am
Just over a year ago at the Asian Athletics Championships in Pune, India won its most significant gold in athletics since the doping scandal of 2011. The 4×400 women’s relay team, a scratch combination that was running together for the first time, clocked 3:32.26 to finish atop the podium.
If the Indian team had registered a similar timing at Incheon they would have finished outside the top-three. Only two of those — Tintu Luka and MR Poovamma — who ran in Pune in July last year were fielded on Thursday. The other two were Mandeep Kaur and Priyanka Panwar, two runners who had been suspended following the doping violation.
The Indian 4×400 women’s relay team, gold medal winners in the previous three Asian Games, had a reputation to defend, while Mandeep and Priyanka, who ran the third and first leg respectively, had a point to prove. In three minutes and 28.68 seconds the Indian 4×400 quartet showed why they still remain a force in Asia. The timing clocked as a new Games record.
The earlier Games record of 3:29.02 was also in the name of the gold-winning Indian team from 2010. India’s second gold in athletics — Seema Antil’s in women’s discus being the first — meant that the women’s relay team held who continental titles simultaneously.
Japan won the silver in 3:30.80 while China bagged the bronze in 3:32.02. The first lapper, Panwar was, however, lagging behind her Japanese counterpart but Luka, who won a silver in 800m race, ran a brilliant race to recover the loss ground for India.
India took a small lead after two laps before Mandeep widened the gap in the third lap after holding out a strong challenge from her Japanese counterpart. Poovamma, who won a bronze in 400m race, then anchored India to gold by blasting her way to the finishing line.
Bronze for Inderjeet
In shot put, Inderjeet struggled for most part of his event as he had 18.52m as his best throw from his first four attempts. But he came up with a 19.63m in his fifth and penultimate throw to fetch the bronze. His sixth and final attempt was a foul.
The other Indian in the fray, Om Prakash Karhana, who was cleared in the eleventh hour following an injury, finished a disappointing ninth with a best throw of 16.94m. The national record holder, who injured his ankle while warming up for a selection trial on September 15 before being cleared for the Games at the last minute, had 16.26 and 16.94 in his first two attempts while his third effort was a foul.
In men’s triple jump also, Renjith Maheshwary, who was cleared at the last minute after a selection trial, could come up with a best effort continued…
If the Indian team had registered a similar timing at Incheon they would have finished outside the top-three

Maruti to take on rivals with 12 new cars over fiveyearsMaruti plans to increase the market share in the country’s 25-lakh unit passenger vehicle market to over 50%. (Reuters)
New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:19 am
Last year marked a period of lull for the country’s top carmaker Maruti Suzuki, but all that is about to change. Top executives, both at the company’s New Delhi headquarters and at Hamamatsu, Japan, where its parent Suzuki Motor Corporation (SMC) is based, are busy drawing up an aggressive strategy for the next five years, that includes a barrage of around 12 new car launches, sources told FE.
Click here for graph
The plan is to increase the market share in the country’s 25-lakh unit passenger vehicle market to over 50%, by entering new segments like sports utility vehicles, commercial vehicles and large vans; introducing technology to improve fuel economy — like hybrids, diesel engines and turbo-charged petrol engines — and catering to niche markets like that for sporty hatchbacks. This is in the background of a production capacity increase by almost 2 million units across two new plants in Gujarat.
Click here for graph
Starting middle of 2015, Maruti will mark its first serious entry into the SUV segment with the S-Cross crossover priced upwards of R10 lakh, taking on established players Mahindra and Ford. Another compact SUV (below four metre) will follow in 2016, while a third mid-sized SUV — the Vitara — will come in 2018. There is also a new mid-size MPV above the Ertiga in the works.
While its new LCV ‘Super Carry’ is slated for launch in the April-June quarter next year, the company is also planning a new compact goods van. In its stronghold of small cars, Maruti will launch a new premium hatch above the Swift code named ‘YRA’ to challenge the Hyundai i20 while word on the street is that a new entry small car is also on the drawing board.
“Maruti Suzuki, along with our principals SMC, Japan have ambitious plans for the Indian market. These includes increasing the volume levels to over 2-million units annually. Such a plan has to be supported with new models as well as product refreshments for existing models.
The recently-launched Celerio, the soon to come Ciaz and the announcement to venture into the LCV segment are a reflection of the intent in terms of product technology and segmentation,” a company spokesperson said in response to a query on the spate of new models planned.
Maruti’s playground is not limited to the Indian subcontinent either — SMC, which holds over 56% stake and rakes in about 25% of its profits from the unit, has given it charge of the emerging markets like South America, Africa and parts of South-East Asia.
The company seems to be on the right track. Market share is already up to 46% by the end of August – from 42% last fiscal, with demand continued…

A Taylor-made returnWest Indies' Keiron Pollard, Darren Sammy and Jerome Taylor at the CCI in Mumbai. (IE Photo by Kevin D Souza)
Written by Bharat Sundaresan | Mumbai | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:19 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 8:39 am
Around a year ago at a hotel lobby in Port-of-Spain, a bunch of usually chirpy former West Indian cricketers stood looking frazzled. “Where the hell did Bobby disappear?” was on all their lips.
The Indians had famously seen Jerome ‘Bobby’ Taylor run through the Australians during a Champions Trophy match at the Cricket Club of India in 2006. The quick had gone on to become the first West Indian to take a hat-trick in ODI cricket on that day. Back then, all of 22, he already seemed poised to become the prodigal tearaway that those in the Caribbean Isles had been awaiting for almost a decade.
But by 2013, the Jamaican was lost in the obscurity, with many around West Indian cricket fearing the worst, that he was lost for good. As the frenzied discussion continued in the lobby that day, Taylor hadn’t played international cricket for over three years. A period where he had been laid low by back injuries and differences with the WICB. And one where the same man who had destroyed England with a spell of spellbinding pace and swing in 2009 was termed ‘difficult’ and had his committment questioned. That he was Chris Gayle’s buddy at a time when his star compatriot wasn’t seeing eye-to-eye with the board didn’t help either.
On Thursday, Taylor was back at the CCI in West Indian colours though no longer as a young tearaway but a determined 30-year-old on a comeback trail. Donning the stretch-band as a sash, he was busy kicking a football around at the same spot where he had landed up on his celebratory jig after clean-bowling Brad Hogg to complete the ‘trick on that dramatic night eight years ago. And though he maintained his inherent Jamaican nonchalance, Taylor did recall his feat with some pride.
“It is actually on the top of my mind. How can I forget anything like that? It is there and it will be there for a very long while until I can put something in front of that. But that’s in the past. There are lot of things that can be achieved in the future,” he said.
Long sabbatical
Taylor had appeared in less than a dozen matches across all formats during the 40-month sabbatical that was imposed on him between 2010 and 2013. There were those who even believed he had lost his motivation to forge a return. But by late last year, the diminutive fast bowler had started making headlines again in local cricket circles back home in Jamaica.
Fitter, faster
And then came the 2013-14 domestic season, where he proved that he was fitter and hungrier than ever. He bowled more balls—1250 for the record—than he ever had in a season, snared 25 wickets at 25.28, continued…
Back then, all of 22, he already seemed poised to become the prodigal tearaway that those in the Caribbean Isles had been awaiting for almost a decade

Three places that Modi canrevisitPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi takes part in a walkathon as part of the nationwide campaign, 'Swachh Bharat Mission' after its launch in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI photo)
Written by Dipankar Ghose | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:17 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 1:38 am
The Mandir Marg police quarters, a Shiv temple run by the Deshram Gau Seva Trust and a fountain at India Gate. These three venues had a lot in common on October 2. They all lay in a 500-metre radius of the places that Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited on Thursday morning, to flag off his Swachh Bharat Abhiyan (Clean India) campaign. But Swachhata (cleanliness), like on other days of the year, gave these places a miss on Gandhi Jayanti too.
Dirty fountain at India Gate (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Early on Thursday, the Prime Minister’s cavalcade made its way to Mandir Marg, towards Valmiki Sadan. He was scheduled to pick up a broom and clean the streets there. But a little ahead of the Sadan, the cavalcade slowed down and entered the premises of the Mandir Marg police station. Caught off-guard, policemen on duty stood and smiled as Modi picked up a broom and began sweeping the premises.
As he left, preparations to clean the police station began in earnest. It had become a symbol for the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan after all.
But the police colony, in the same compound, received no such attention.
Near Mandir Marg police quarters. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
At 2 pm in the afternoon, a green NDMC garbage truck pulled up at the police station and workers began removing the clutter. But when asked if they would go to the colony behind, one worker said, “We have not been told to go there. Normally, we don’t come inside the station either but this is not a usual day.”
Barely a hundred feet away, on the cemented parking area between two apartment blocks in the colony, was a pile of rubbish. An open sewer poured waste onto the path near where children played. They were asked if someone had come to clean. “Today? Nobody has come. They all came to the police station. All the media came there too,” one of them said.
Behind Valmiki Sadan (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
From the Mandir Marg police station, Modi made his way to Valmiki Sadan. He stayed there for 15 minutes. For two days prior to his visit, the colony had been besieged by sweepers, cleaning every nook and cranny. Not one of them, however, made it to the continued…

http://usat.ly/1vAPOhnThe best way to ask for a raise
Tips for getting through your first salary negotiation.
Post to Facebook
The best way to ask for a raise Tips for getting through your first salary negotiation. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vAPOhn
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
The best way to ask for a raise
Tips for getting through your first salary negotiation. USA TODAY
Hadley Malcolm , USA TODAY 12:45 p.m. EDT October 2, 2014
Keep the conversation positive when you approach your boss about a salary increase, says Tara Wyborny, head of recruitment for the college hiring program at Genesis10.
(Photo: Mark Wilson Getty Images)
28 CONNECT 56 TWEET 56 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Negotiating your first salary or asking for a raise is nerve-racking.
But knowing your worth and being able to talk to your boss about compensation is a critical professional skill. Your first salary sets the baseline for all future raises. A Business Insider survey this summer found 82% of Millennials didn't negotiate their first salary because they didn't feel comfortable or didn't know they were allowed to.
So I reached out to Tara Wyborny – she's the head of recruiting for the college hiring program at business and consulting company Genesis10. And here's the thing: She says employers are expecting you to negotiate your salary. Here are her tips for getting through the conversation:
• Prepare and practice. It's OK to take notes into the meeting so you remember what you want to say. And run through a mock conversation with a friend or mentor ahead of time.
• Be realistic in your expectations. Research market rates for your position so you know what's considered reasonable. If you significantly over-ask, your employer won't take the conversation seriously.
• You can ask for other perks besides a raise, including compensation for transportation or parking, more time off or the flexibility to work from home a certain number of days. Those are all part of negotiating a compensation package, Wyborny says.
• Don't be demanding. This conversation is about the value you bring to the company, not your personal life.
• Keep the conversation positive. "Make sure you're always pointing out the value and skills that you're bringing to the table," Wyborny says.
28 CONNECT 56 TWEET 56 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vAPOhn
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Real Housewives  Couple SentencedSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
RADAR: Heavy Rain and Storms Moving Across Eastern US
EXPLORE.org - Puppy Litter Camera
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Stockton bankruptcy decision could be far reaching
Mixed reactions pour in after PM Modi lauches  Swachh Bharat AbhiyanThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

VOXX International Corporation Sets Date For Its Fiscal 2015 Second Quarter Conference CallThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Government officers take pledge  join cleaning drivesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Parcel containing bomb materials sent to Greek stock exchangeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Veracyte Inc. to Host Investor Day on October 9  2014Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Yes i do factor lower end fd rates  they keep me honest.Platinum Member
60 Followers
Tanti world takeover has been played like broken record. I mentioned about regime change in Suzlon because it is needed to change the rhythm and course.
Honestly, I have serious doubts about debt being managed in the current environment.
Not strictly in the global or developed world terms, the Indian renewable energy ambitions as outlined by some experts, not so experts (including me) and of late the statements from the ministry can be summed up as below,(IMO)
"Tell all the conventional power generators, running 20% - 50% below capacity levels that you will never be able to utilise full capacity because, the coal supply is (will be) choked, your capex will remain negative NPV for the project life time, furthermore, keep jacking up the electricity prices to make up the losses at the cost of consumer and those who have surplus cash, invest in renewable energy projects because however red your books and faces are, the future is green"

I did buy it  now this company is diversifying into some chemical manf...Gold Member
22 Followers
though not wishing to discuss other companies here - still had a look - this company formerly called Sudar Garments came with an IPO @ Rs. 77. The sector they operate may be profitable for the time being and good eps - since they are in textile sector - from a long term perspective can they sustain profitability. This could be the reason Sudar Garments (Now Sudar Industries) diversified into chemicals and to create space in pharma sector. See Bang Overseas they are in textile business with promoter holding 75 per cent - they came with an IPO Rs 450 in 2007 and today the share is around 12 rupees. Same will be my view for the servalakshmi paper ltd - the paper companies are under lot of pressure and companies have been struggling with rising prices of domestic wood and imported materials such as pulp and coal. You mentioned about their own power - according to analysts -the first thing you much see before investing in a paper company is if it can generate own power. If yes, you must see if it has a purchase agreement with Coal India so that its dependence on imported coal, which is 30-40% more expensive, is low. According to market experts, raw material and power account for 75% expenses of paper manufacturers. Companies like Ballarpur Industries, Rainbow Papers, Tamil Nadu Newsprint & Paper and JK Paper have seen margins under pressure.
Since I am a long term investor - the textile and paper - sectors do not appeal to me.

Tanti world takeover has been played like broken record. i mentioned a...Platinum Member
60 Followers
Tanti world takeover has been played like broken record. I mentioned about regime change in Suzlon because it is needed to change the rhythm and course.
Honestly, I have serious doubts about debt being managed in the current environment.
Not strictly in the global or developed world terms, the Indian renewable energy ambitions as outlined by some experts, not so experts (including me) and of late the statements from the ministry can be summed up as below,(IMO)
"Tell all the conventional power generators, running 20% - 50% below capacity levels that you will never be able to utilise full capacity because, the coal supply is (will be) choked, your capex will remain negative NPV for the project life time, furthermore, keep jacking up the electricity prices to make up the losses at the cost of consumer and those who have surplus cash, invest in renewable energy projects because however red your books and faces are, the future is green"

Bluetooth connectivity issues plague Apple iOS 8'Bluetooth connectivity issues plague Apple iOS 8'
Reuters |  Oct 03, 2014 12:40 AM IST
It appears that following an upgrade to iOS 8, or after purchasing a new iPhone 6 or 6 Plus, users seem to be having trouble pairing their phones to their car audio systems
Apple Inc's new mobile operating system iOS 8 is causing significant issues for some users who connect their phones to cars via Bluetooth, reports Apple news blog MacRumors, citing reports on Apple's Support forums and its own user forums.
It appears that following an upgrade to iOS 8, or after purchasing a new iPhone 6 or 6 Plus, users seem to be having trouble pairing their phones to their car audio systems, MacRumors posted in a blog.
Several issues faced by users include the devices refusing to pair entirely, neglecting to play audio over the speakers, or disconnecting when a call comes in.
The Bluetooth pairing problems are not just limited to cars, as iOS 8 users have also reported issues pairing their devices with headphones, speakers, headsets and more.
MacRumors had also posted on Monday that a bug in iOS 8's 'Reset All Settings' option could erase iCloud drive documents, citing user reports.
Apple has been plagued by problems following the September release of its iPhones and iOS 8, with iPhone 6 Plus buyers discovering their phones can bend when placed in back pockets, and the company pulling a botched iOS 8 update after reports of dropped cellular service.
Apple could not be immediately reached for comment.

Indians join the wave of investors in condos and homes in the USIndians join the wave of investors in condos and homes in the US
Dionne Searcey |  Oct 03, 2014 12:38 AM IST
Arun Kumar owns three apartments in New Delhi, where he has carved out a comfortable life as part of India's rapidly expanding middle class. Not long ago, he also became a global landlord, picking up an inexpensive three-bedroom house and a duplex nearly 8,000 miles away, in St Louis.
For Kumar and other affluent Indians, American real estate is a security blanket. Faced with what some have considered a bubble in real estate prices in major Indian cities and a sometimes jittery BSE, they are joining a wave of buyers from other countries who see the recovering US housing market as one of the best places to put their money these days.
The wealthy elite from China, Latin America and elsewhere have bought pieds-à-terre in glassy towers in Manhattan, luxury condos in Miami and homes along the West Coast. Law enforcement investigations have found that some foreign investors are using American real estate holdings, at least in part, to hide cash and other assets from authorities in their home country.
But many less-than-super rich foreign investors just want a safe place to put extra savings, and their investments tend to be much less grandiose than the trophy properties that have drawn most of the attention. And, for Indians in particular, who long trusted in gold to protect their wealth, American real estate offers a "very, very attractive destination," said Subir Gokarn, director of research at Brookings India in New Delhi.
Jed Kolko, chief economist at Trulia, an online marketplace for residential real estate, said the most popular property searches for people from India were in and around Silicon Valley, where technology firms heavily recruit from India; in the Boston and Philadelphia areas near universities that have numerous students from India; and in suburban areas of New Jersey and in Queens, where there are established Indian-American communities.
In an echo of the late 1980s, foreign investment in US real estate has taken off again. A survey from the National Association of Realtors estimates that from April 2013 to March of this year, total sales to international clients were about $92.2 billion, a 35 per cent increase over the previous 12 months. The figure includes purchases by recent immigrants.
Foreign buyers now make up 7 per cent of total existing-home sales of $1.2 trillion, according to the survey. Of those, Indians represent six per cent of the purchases, spending $5.8 billion, up from $3.9 billion over the same period a year ago and on par with buyers from Britain.
Canadians have long bought American property and still do so in big numbers, with purchases centred for the most part in Arizona, Florida and more recently in Las Vegas. Canada still accounts for the largest share of buyers but China is the fastest-growing source of clients, according to the realtors' group.
And, Chinese buyers are bigger spenders. Their real estate purchases in the US nearly doubled from last April to last March, increasing to $22 billion from the previous period. They accounted for nearly a quarter of all international sales in the current period.
"Most people who can come here, they are pretty wealthy," said Grace Tian, a broker with Realty Mark Associates in Philadelphia who often works with Chinese clients.
In contrast, buyers from India are a more eclectic group.
These include parents living in India who buy apartments for students attending college, making sure the units have concierge service and an extra bedroom so they can visit for extended periods, several real estate agents said. After the students leave college, the parents often keep the apartment and rent it out.
"It's a good investment in their eyes and it can be a better deal instead of them paying dorm costs or renting somewhere else," said Michael DiMella, a managing partner with the Charlesgate Realty Group in Boston whose Indian clients have bought near Northeastern University.
At the same time, the riverfront Newport area of Jersey City has emerged as popular with Indian buyers.
On a recent evening, commuters returning home from Manhattan wove between the high rises, passing advertisements for Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa, an Indian reality dance TV show, and Raaz Specialty Indian Cuisine. A poster in the nearby train station for an Indian news website featured a riff about pani puri, a popular Indian street snack.
A cluster of mothers who had recently arrived from India gathered outside a playground with their toddlers. For now, they were renting apartments with their husbands, but said they hoped to buy condos in the area soon, citing conveniences for young mothers like a grocery store within walking distance, gym and parks, and a fast commute to the city.
Irene Barnaby, a broker with Weichert Realtors in Jersey City, said her Indian clients generally spent about $600,000 to $800,000 on condos. Some buyers pay cash because traditional banks won't give them mortgages without a credit history in the US. But she has also created relationships with smaller banks that will lend money to her clientele.
"They can get exactly what they want in this area," Barnaby said.
Padmanabhan Palani, president of the condo association board at the 443-unit James Monroe Tower, said the area was comfortable for many people just arriving from India or elsewhere in Asia, because it resembles the high-rise districts of Mumbai and Hong Kong. Plus, he said, his building was close to the train station.
"In a snowstorm, 100 m is very important in how far you walk," said Palani, who came to the US 12 years ago on a work visa for a technology job and is now a permanent resident.
Some US-based brokers are capitalising on the growing interest from Indians.
Myron Von Raesfeld, a real estate agent in the heart of Silicon Valley, said his firm started working with technology companies in 1999 to offer seminars teaching immigrants with H-1B work visas the intricacies of the American real estate market.
He now offers the seminar at 80 companies, in part to keep ahead of the competition. "Realtors are becoming very astute at this foreign wave," he said.
Indian real estate agents are also getting in on the action. Vikram Somani, owner of Property Hunters in Mumbai, has turned to the American market, noting that title insurance is available and the buying process is far more organised.
Rohit Prakash, president of American Full House in Austin, Texas, is recruiting brokers like Somani to round up Indian clients. His firm, created four years ago, arranges limited liability partnerships helping his clients overcome tax issues and red tape that otherwise would apply to foreign investors. "There's a sexiness to say I own property in the US, a little bit of bragging rights," Prakash said. "But for them to know how to go about how to do this, they were clueless."
One of his clients is Kumar, who bought his St. Louis properties sight unseen, spending about $100,000 for a three-bedroom single-family home and a two-unit house.
So far the investment hasn't been as good as Kumar had hoped. One of the units sat empty for longer than expected, and a roof had a problem that needed to be fixed. "I'm hopeful this year it will be better," said Kumar, who is considering buying property in Silicon Valley in the future. "In any case, I was looking at investment in the US for the long term."
©The New York Times News Service

Number of Deaths Linked to GM Ignition Rises
Photo gallery: A history of NapervillePhoto gallery: A history of Naperville
Caption 1875
Tribune archive photo
1875: The Naperville Light Guard Band in 1875. This appears to be a picture taken of another photo, although the caption does not note the origin of the original version.
1875: The Naperville Light Guard Band in 1875. This appears to be a picture taken of another photo, although the caption does not note the origin of the original version. (Tribune archive photo)
Caption 1920
Naperville Heritage Society
1920: Naperville residents stop work at the Ritzert gravel pit to pose for a photo in 1920. Photo courtesy of the Naperville Heritage Society. The picture appeared in the Chicago Tribune on April 5, 1984.
1920: Naperville residents stop work at the Ritzert gravel pit to pose for a photo in 1920. Photo courtesy of the Naperville Heritage Society. The picture appeared in the Chicago Tribune on April 5, 1984. (Naperville Heritage Society)
Caption Undated
Underwood and Underwood
Undated: The original caption on this photo has been destroyed. The only remaining information is that it appeared in the Chicago Tribune on March 1, 1921 and was taken by Underwood and Underwood, a company that once provided photos for newspapers.
Undated: The original caption on this photo has been destroyed. The only remaining information is that it appeared in the Chicago Tribune on March 1, 1921 and was taken by Underwood and Underwood, a company that once provided photos for newspapers. (Underwood and Underwood)
Caption June 8, 1931
Tribune archive photo
June 8, 1931: Jefferson Avenue, looking south from Main Street on June 8, 1931. The street was decorated to celebrate the city's centennial.
June 8, 1931: Jefferson Avenue, looking south from Main Street on June 8, 1931. The street was decorated to celebrate the city's centennial. (Tribune archive photo)
Caption June 10, 1931
Tribune archive photo
June 10, 1931: The first frame building in DuPage County was built by George Martin in 1833. Photo taken June 10, 1931
June 10, 1931: The first frame building in DuPage County was built by George Martin in 1833. Photo taken June 10, 1931 (Tribune archive photo)
See more galleries
Naperville's history dates back to 1831, when settlers began arriving in the area. As the decades came and went, the town grew to a city with more than 140,000 residents, the fifth-largest in Illinois. Take a stroll through the Chicago Tribune photo archives for the history of the city.
This photo gallery is featured in these articles:

GEOFF ROBINS / AFP - Getty Images
Amazon to set up data centre in IndiaNew Delhi, October 1, 2014
Updated: October 1, 2014 19:10 IST
Amazon to set up data centre in India
PTI
The Hindu Jeff Bezos, Founder and CEO, Amazon, in New Delhi. Photo: V. Sudershan
TOPICS
company information
On Tuesday, software giant Microsoft had said it will set up three data centres in India, offering commercial cloud services.
World’s largest e-tailer Amazon is evaluating setting up a data centre in India to tap into the multi-billion cloud opportunity in India.
Amazon, which offers cloud services under Amazon Web Services (AWS), is looking to aggressively expand its foothold in the Indian market, which has players like Google and IBM also offering similar services.
Speaking at a FICCI event, Amazon founder and chief Jeff Bezos said the AWS business has grown incredibly fast.
“We are always evaluating new locations. We have AWS. We started it long time ago and it has grown into a very large business, separate from our consumer business... we are building new data centres and are looking where we should put them and evaluating these in India as well,” Mr. Bezos said.
On Tuesday, software giant Microsoft had said it will set up three data centres in India , offering commercial cloud services, to tap what it estimates is a USD 2-trillion opportunity. These data centres are expected to be set up by the end of 2015.
Mr. Bezos said the pace at which Internet penetration is increasing in India is stunning and that is one of the tailwinds for the growth of e-commerce.
“India is unbelievably energising; the people are focused on learning and extremely inventive,” he added.
For Amazon, which launched its marketplace in India last year, India is one of its fastest growing markets and is on track to touch USD 1 billion in gross sales.
On small and medium businesses (SMBs), Mr. Bezos said Amazon is working extensively with the Indian players, promoting several indigenous e-tailing initiatives.
He added an outreach programme is currently being run in India to train SMEs on how to use tools, techniques and processes that are available through Internet for promoting and expanding their businesses.
“Indian SMEs can reach out to the global audience and consumers across the globe with the application of right technology and right logistics planning,” he said.
He added that the company will upgrade logistics services and develop mobile platform and new tools and techniques to help small and medium businesses grow further.
In July this year, Amazon had announced an additional investment of USD 2 billion into its Indian operations to beef up its operations in India, where e-Commerce is still in nascent stages.
While the market currently is pegged at about USD 2.3 billion, a report by consulting firm Technopak expects the figure to touch USD 32 billion by 2020.

Modi wields broom  says Clean India mission beyond politicsComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday launched his first major social campaign since assuming office, one for a filth-free India or Swachh Bharat, sweeping up dirt on the road outside Valmiki Sadan, a colony of neglected sanitation workers.
Seeking to set an example by working the broom on Mahatma Gandhi’s 145th birthday, Modi called upon every Indian to realise Gandhi’s dream of clean surroundings and brought a fading Gandhian ideal back into public imagination.
“We all have a solemn duty…which is to clean up the blot of grime on Mother India. Gandhiji gave us freedom, but we are yet to be free from filth and dirt. Don’t look at this just as a government initiative,” Modi said, appealing to citizens to undo India’s reputation of poor public hygiene.
Read: Swachh Bharat: Mumbai students wield brooms, clean up school campus
Wielding the broom, Modi launched the Clean India mission, saying it is beyond politics and inspired by patriotism.
Debunking criticism that his government has been taking credit for every achievement, the prime minister acknowledged the efforts of all previous governments to make India clean. 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi sweeps a street in a residential colony in New Delhi. (AFP photo)
 Read: Swachh Bharat Abhiyan launched in Punjab, Haryana on Gandhi Jayanti
"I am not talking politics...this is beyond politics.This is inspired my patriotism not politcs. We do not have to do with an eye on politics.
I say that with a clean heart... If we paint this again with a brush of politics, we will again do a disservice to Mother India," he said.
"All the governments in this country have made one or the other effort to do this work. Several political, social and cultural organizations have made efforts in this direction. I salute all those, who have worked," Modi said in his address at his next stop Rajpath. At Rajpath, the capital’s grand vista, Modi administered a public oath on cleanliness to schoolchildren, with actor Aamir Khan by his side to endorse the Swachh Bharat campaign.
Modi paid tributes at Rajghat to Gandhi and at Vijay Ghat to Lal Bahadur Shashtri – the former PM was born on Oct 2 – before reaching Valmiki Sadan.
 
The stop at the swarming housing estate of Valmikis, a Dalit group and erstwhile “untouchables”, was symbolic. By launching his campaign from this neglected landmark, Modi nudged the public for a change in social attitudes.
After a brief prayer inside the Valmiki temple, he spent some time inside a one-room hutment which was once Mahtama Gandhi’s temporary home.
He then interacted with dozens of schoolgirls, who queued up to get their caps autographed by Modi. “He is the first PM to clean roads. Nobody would do this before,” said Geeta Rawat, a student of NP Girls’ School.
The Rs. 62,000 crore Swachh Bharat Abhyan,  India's biggest cleanliness drive, will cover over 4000 towns in the next five years.
Administering the cleanliness  pledge, along with ministers Venkaiah Naidu and Nitin Gadkari and film actor Aamir Khan, he said that this task is not the responsibility only of sanitation workers  or the government but of all the 125 crore Indians.
"If we can reach Mars, we can clean India," the PM said.
 
He also said that the campaign should not be seen as a mere photo opportunity.
 
The prime minister said that he is aware that the criticism of this programme will begin in just a few days  and that he is confident his countrymen would not let him down.
Read: Jharkhand will pose biggest challenge for Modi’s Swachh Bharat
The prime minister countered Congress criticism that his government behaves as if everything happened only after he came to power. "I do not make any claim that the government, which has been elected to power just now, has done everything."
Congress has been attacking Modi accusing him of taking credit of initiatives undertaken by the UPA regimes and trying to give an impression that every good work was done only by him.
 
Recalling that he had congratulated all governments even from the ramparts of Red Fort, Modi said,"even today from this stage, I greet and salute all the governments--central, state and municipal, social organizations which have worked in this direction, whether they are leaders from Sarvodaya or workers of Seva Dal. I launch this programme with their blessings."
 
Maintaining that everybody deserved kudos, the prime minister urged everyone not to make political barbs on the issue.
 
Watch: If we can reach Mars, we can clean India: Modi
"Everybody before us has worked for it. Under Mahatma Gandhi's leadership, the Congress had led it...Who was successful, who was not. Let us not get into it who has done it, who has not. We should work responsibly," he said. 
Read: India's 'toilet guru' works to flush away open defecation
PM Modi's 'Swachh Bharat Challenge'
In his bid to make 'Swachh Bharat'a people's movement, Modi  initiated a chain by inviting nine eminent personalities including cricket icon Sachin Tendulkar and several actors to spread awareness on cleanliness.
 
The PM appeared inspired by the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge, which had gone viral in recent months, as he asked the celebrities to nominate nine more people to join the campaign and hoped that the chain would continue.
 
Among those nominated by the PM are film actors Salman Khan, Priyanka Chopra and Kamal Hassan, industrialist Anil Ambani, Goa Governor Mridula Sinha and Congress leader Shashi Tharoor, yoga guru Ramdev and the team of TV serial "Tarak Mehta Ka Ulta Chashma".
During his Independence Day speech, Modi had called for a cleaner India by October 2, 2019, in time for Gandhi’s 150th birth anniversary.
 

Sarita Devi s actions were not sportsman-likeSarita refused to wear the medal when it was presented on Wednesday and draped it over the South Korean fighter who had beaten her the previous day. (Source: AP)
Reuters | Incheon | Posted: October 2, 2014 1:24 pm
Indian boxer L Sarita Devi’s refusal to accept her bronze medal on the podium went against the values of sportsmanship, Asian Games organisers said on Thursday, adding they were reviewing the incident and could take action against her.
Sarita refused to wear the medal when it was presented on Wednesday, taking it only in her hand before trying to drape it over the South Korean fighter who had beaten her the previous day.
When the presentation was over, she left the medal behind, despite being told by the organisers to take it with her.
“She needs to respect the official ruling and show sportsmanship. Her actions were not sportsman-like,” Son Cheon-taik, deputy secretary general of Incheon’s organising committee (IAGOC), said at a news conference on Thursday.
“The Olympic Council of Asia (OCA) is working on the review of the medal, whether or not to give it to her or confiscate it. So they are deciding what to do with it.”
Sarita had to settle for the bronze after losing her lightweight semi-final on Tuesday to local boxer Park Ji-na, who was declared a unanimous 3-0 winner.
But the result was disputed by India, who thought Sarita should have been declared the winner.
Her husband, Thoiba Singh, launched an expletive-laden tirade at the judges, according to Indian newspapers, before Sarita lodged a protest against the outcome, which was rejected, prompting more complaints from India.
“Although she was upset, she didn’t lodge an official complaint, so there is no official investigation,” said Son.
“However, if an athlete feels cheated, there needs to be an official letter to the judging committee, which I have begun working on. I have not yet sent this letter, so nothing is official.”
‘NO HOME ADVANTAGE’
After the incident, an International Boxing Association (AIBA) supervisor said the Indian team had not followed the proper rules regarding protests.
Her opponent, Park, said she did not quite know how to react on the podium.
“Devi hung her medal on me. I tried to give the medal back to her, but she didn’t want to take it,” she said. “I wasn’t sure what to do, so someone told me to put that on the podium. I left the medal on the podium.”
The AIBA is to issue a decision regarding disciplinary procedures immediately after the Games, which end on Saturday.
“At every Games you see claims being made against judging decisions,” said Son.
“We wanted to make sure we didn’t just claim to be fair but that we did our best to maintain the integrity of the Games.
“We introduced an academic programme and provided education and training to judges at the Games.
“We wanted to create an environment where those continued…

Cluck Off! Russia Blocks 550 Tons of U.S. Chicken Legs
Small stores go out of business as consumers flock onlineHi Guest
Small stores go out of business as consumers flock online
Jeff Bezos, founder and chief executive officer of Amazon, one of the biggest online retailers in world. Photograph: Reuters It is a breezy evening and the Delhi weather is perfect for some retail therapy. Nehru Place, the city's prime IT market, is chaotic. A light drizzle has created puddles which are hard to avoid. Still, there are customers in the computer hardware stores. They see the products in some detail, turn them upside down, ask the price and walk out - they make no ...

Asian Games 2014 Day 13: India win hockey gold after 16 years  qualify for OlympicsIt will be one of the dramatic finals as India take on arch-rivals Pakistan in the summit clash. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | Posted: October 2, 2014 8:30 am | Updated: October 2, 2014 6:25 pm
GOLD NUMBER NINE! India win GOLD in 4x400m women’s relay with a games record timing
GOLD IN HOCKEY! INDIA BEAT PAKISTAN 4-2 IN PENALTIES TO WIN GOLD AND A PLACE IN RIO OLYMPICS!
Hockey: GOAL! India level things up in the second quarter, Pressure on Pakistan now!
Hockey: At the end of the first quarter, India 0-1 Pakistan in the final
Hockey: Pakistan score inside three minutes! Pakistan 1-0 India
Hockey: India vs Pakistan final is underway!
Hockey: South Korea wins bronze by defeating Malaysia 3-2. India and Pakistan to play for GOLD at 1520hrs (IST)
BOXING BRONZE! Satish Kumar settles for bronze after suffering a loss in semi-final of 91kg
Kabaddi (men’s): Favourites India beat Korea to enter final
Kabaddi (women’s): India rout Thailand in kabaddi semifinal, assure atleast silver
Table Tennis (women’s): India’s Manika Batra loses 4-0 to Kasumi Ishikawa of Japan in 1/16 Elimination Match 4
Table Tennis (women’s): Ankita Das loses 8-11 5-11 11-4 7-11 11-9 4-11 to Wing Nam NG of Hong Kong in 1/32 elimination
Taekwondo: India’s Saurav wins 8-5 against Sujan Joshi of Nepal in their 63kg round of 16 bout
Volleyball (women’s): India lose to Hong Kong to finished eighth in the event
Day 12 Recap
‘This is my second coming, and it won’t end here’: Mary Kom becomes first Indian to win women’s wins boxing gold
India’s M.C. Mary Kom holds the Indian national flag and celebrates her gold medal in the women’s flyweight (48-51kg) final boxing match (Source: AP)
Civil Disobedience: Sarita Devi refuses bronze medal, leaves podium
 

Wall Street opens flat after strong labor market dataWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ European Central Bank Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. Mario Draghi GameStop Corp.
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

CLT20 2014: Spinners take KKR to first finalLive Cricket Score, CLT20, KKR vs HH: KKR face tough HH in semi-final. (Source: BCCI)
Express News Service | Posted: October 2, 2014 3:28 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 7:27 pm
Having won all their previous 13 domestic T20 matches, KKR face HH in the semi-final of CLT20 in Hyderabad on Thursday. (Full COverage: CLT2014)
BALL BY BALL COMMENTARY
Catch the social buzz of #CLT20 in an all new avatar here
Riding high on a splendid preliminary campaign, Kolkata Knight Riders’ batsman Robin Uthappa said his team would look to focus on its strengths in the semifinal against Hobart Hurricanes in the Oppo Champions League Twenty20.
“I think they (Hobart Hurricanes) have been playing good cricket. I think some of their batsmen are really doing well. It is a good bowling side. We as a unit respect their side. But at the same time, we possess our strengths as well,” Uthappa said.
“So, I think we will focus more on our strengths and our abilities and sticking to our processes, which has been working for us thus far,” he said in the post-match press conference late last night after his team thrashed Dolphins by 36 runs,” he added.

Sreejesh s shootout heroics help India clinch gold against Pakistan in Asiad hockeymore photos »
When Dharamvir Singh found the goal past Imran Butt Thursday evening, it was the end of a 48-year-long wait. India had beaten Pakistan in the Asian Games final — the first time after 1966.
While it took Indian men 16 years to reclaim Asiad hockey gold, which also earned them a direct berth to the 2016 Rio Olympics, the women’s 4x400m relay quartet set a Games record of 3 minutes 28.68 seconds, winning the title a fourth time running.
The hockey final lived up to its top-billing, with arch-rivals refusing to give an inch and playing out a 1-1 draw in regulation time. India then held their nerve to win the shootout 4-2 and clinch their first gold since the 1998 Bangkok Games.
Indian goalkeeper Sreejesh is congratulated by the entire team after he saved two penalties in the final shoot out. (PTI Photo)
 Though India had finished runners-up in the Glasgow Commonwealth Games, there was tension in the air after their 1-2 defeat against Pakistan in the group stage.
And concerns grew after Muhammad Rizwan Sr put defending champions Pakistan ahead in the third minute.
Congrats to Indian men's hockey team & women 4x400m relay team for having won gold medals in Asian Games #PresidentMukherjee — President of India (@RashtrapatiBhvn) October 2, 2014
However, Kothajit Singh equalised in the 27th minute and an experienced India, cheered on by hundreds of fans, were brimming with confidence going into the penalty shootout.
For India, Akashdeep Singh, Rupinder Pal Singh and Birender Lakra slotted home, showing neat tactics. India erupted in celebrations when Dharamvir’s flick home put the game beyond Pakistan’s reach.
Goalkeeper PR Sreejesh was India’s hero. He thwarted Abdul Haseem Khan and Umar Bhutta, with only Muhammad Waqas and Shafqat Abbasi managing to convert.
We are going to the OLYMPICSSSSSSSSS GOLD MEDALISTS— Sardar Singh (@8_SardarSingh) October 2, 2014
The last time India beat Pakistan in an Asian Games hockey final was at Bangkok in 1966. Since then, they had lost five times to their traditional rivals in the title clash, the most painful one being the 1-7 rout at New Delhi in 1982.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi led the praise for India’s performances. “Very good day for India at the Asian Games. Congrats to our hockey team and congrats to our women athletes for the gold in 4x400 metres relay,” he said.
Very good day for India at the Asian Games. Congrats to our Hockey Team & congrats to our women athletes for the Gold in 4x400 metres relay.— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) October 2, 2014
Sreejesh dedicated the triumph to the Indian Army while India’s Australian coach Terry Walsh set his sights on the team getting better for the Olympics in two years. “This is a special moment for Indian hockey. It’s a big moment for the players and my congratulations to them,” he said.
The defeat prolonged the misery for Pakistan, who failed to qualify for this year’s World Cup and now face a hazardous qualification road to Rio.

China s New Open Door: The E-Commerce Boomreddit
Our second quarterly survey of businesses across China, conducted in May and June for the China Beige Book , highlights the phenomenal growth e-tailers are experiencing there. They report soaring sales, big revenue gains and rising sales prices. But not only are these businesses booming; online sellers are out-performing bricks-and-mortar retailers across the board.
These trends can't be ignored by anyone interested in development -- or in retail opportunities  -- as the world's most populous nation shifts to a more consumer-focused economy. Retail in China is leapfrogging from traditional mom-and-pop stores to the internet age, as affluent and connected shoppers prefer the convenience of online shopping and seek out alternatives to lackluster local offerings.
Our findings testify to the explosive growth of e-tailing in China, with retailers reporting an average 31 percent increase in online sales over the past year. The most rapid growth was in the luxury and auto and auto parts sub-sectors.
Regional patterns suggest online spending is driven by the presence of money and the absence of attractive retail alternatives. Online sales expanded fastest in coastal Guangdong and Beijing, among the most advanced and affluent regions, and in the remote West, where major retailers are thinnest on the ground. Growth was also faster in the lower-tier cities (3-5), with far fewer desirable consumer outlets, than in the biggest metropoli (tiers 1 and 2).
The extent to which Chinese retailers have clambered onto the online juggernaut was also striking: some 62 percent of retailers sold goods online, up 7 points in two years, either together with in-stores sales (55 percent) or exclusively via the internet (6 percent). These figures may be skewed upwards somewhat because our poll is conducted online, but they still show a broad reach for Chinese e-commerce. Predictably, foreign and Hong Kong-owned retailers have been much quicker adopters of e-commerce than mainland Chinese firms.
Only two-fifths (39 percent) of the firms said they had no online sales presence. The numbers varied little by region, with one exception. The only one where the majority of stores were offline was the West, where internet penetration is low. (This seems to be spurring the rapid growth of online orders there, to the benefit of online retailers in other regions.) Retailers operating both on- and off-line reported an average of 32 percent of their sales were online. Online sales have made the biggest inroads in the luxury, automotive, and food sub-sectors.
Online presence is seen by Chinese vendors as a key to customer awareness as well as sales. "Online channels account for 50 percent of sales, and publicity work is mainly done online," an appliance store executive in Dongguan, Guangdong said. Online retailers can reach consumers as they are clicking and comparing in their homes or offices.
Most stores-only retailers (57 percent) say their revenue has not been affected by online sellers; only one-sixth say they have been hurt by them. But our data suggest they are whistling in the dark.
E-tailers performed far better in terms of revenue growth than bricks-and-mortar-only retailers. Online retailers reported fairly strong growth, revenues up at 54 percent and down at just 19 percent. In contrast, offline retailers' revenues were little better than stagnant, up at 44 percent, down at 32 percent. The larger proportion where revenues are dropping among bricks-and-mortar retailers is particularly telling; the offline segment of the market is clearly starting to fall behind.
Online retailers can also command better prices gains than their store-only competitors: 49 percent noted a rise in selling price, and 15 percent declines, since last quarter. Pricing growth was considerably more sluggish among those offline: 35 percent had increases, 19 percent decreases.
Along with the ongoing rapid rise in internet connectivity in China, our findings underline the dramatic transformation of retail opportunities underway there. In a word, the future of the world's largest retail market is: online!
This article was first published in Insights , Charney Research's monthly newsletter.
Follow Shehzad H. Qazi on Twitter: www.twitter.com/shehzadhqazi
More:

Bank credit growth remains sluggish at 9.7 p...Bank credit growth remains sluggish at 9.7%
PTI Oct 2, 2014, 08.12PM IST
Tags:
Aditya Puri
(HDFC Bank MD and CEO Puri said…)
MUMBAI: Credit growth of commercial banks continued to remain weak with a growth of just 9.7 per cent at Rs 61,46,526 crore for the fortnight to September 19, according to the RBI data.
Bank credit was Rs 56,02,021 crore in the corresponding period last year.
This was for the second consecutive fortnight that the credit growth came at sub-10 per cent.
Bankers have expressed concerns over sluggish credit demand and appear reluctant to cut lending rates.
Recently, HDFC Bank Managing Director and CEO Aditya Puri said both the lending and deposit rates are a function of credit demand and "currently it is not exceedingly healthy".
Deposits grew 13.33 per cent to Rs 81,06,633 crore in the fortnight to September 19 as compared with Rs 71,50,374 crore in the year-ago period.
Demand deposit expanded 12.40 per cent to Rs 7,36,751 crore as of September 19 from Rs 6,55,428 crore in the same period a year ago.
Time deposit rose 13.47 per cent to Rs 73,69,898 crore as against Rs 64,94,947 crore in the same period last year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Falling Oil Prices Drag US Stock Market LowerAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Thinking Broadly About Capitalreddit
We live in a world that is so complex; I believe it takes the heart and soul of caring for all human life to a breaking point.  After all, we are only human, and our humanity, as passionate and rife with the potential for truly beautiful things can and do produce contradictions that undermine the logic and reason we try so hard to preserve.  I am a professor at a school of management, the Anderson School of Management at the University of New Mexico.
Last year, as I sat down to develop a presentation for my undergraduate students; I looked out my window to observe a career fair that had taken place earlier in the day.  Students from all backgrounds dressed in their best attire to impress potential employers covered our part of campus, talking with each other with a palpable level of anxiety about the future. Some of that discussion spilled into the hallway, and I could hear them talking about resumes and entry-level salaries.  There was a lot of anxiety about what skills were going to be the most attractive this year, and I recall one student mentioning that he had changed his resume three times in as many semesters to meet what he perceived as the most urgent thing on the minds of employers.  I was expecting two students in my office in 20 minutes.  They asked me if I'd be willing to sit down with them to discuss some things I mentioned in class.  I get accused of being "the zombie guy" and "the squid guy" in the business school because sometimes, I use analogies in class wrought from literature, art, and philosophy -- and to varying degrees, I'm either met with a sense of novelty, confusion, or outright resistance.  I expect that coming from a background that doesn't always fit within a prescribed discipline, and I do my best to balance my quirkier sides with a sort of practicality that comes from living with resource constraints most of my life.  I returned to UNM both because it's a place with a rich heritage (a thing that can often be used as a cliché) and has a level of creativity that I believe comes from our status as a poorer state, a state that often doesn't get recognized for being a resilient state.
When my students arrived, they too had been dressed in their most formal attire, and they were worried about their resumes and the skill du jour that was on the employer menu these days.  I spent a little time helping them understand the difference between a resume and a curriculum vita (C.V.) and as we discussed this, I impressed up them that I liked that a C.V. literary translates into a "life's work."  I asked them about their excel skills and their language skills, and whether or not they thought to mention the international work they did with our honors student group on campus.  But after the lists and categories had been discussed, I asked them if they had considered what it meant to commit to paper their life's work.  Decades from now, when we are reduced to a narrative about the life we lived, what parts of that story did we consciously shape?  What do you want to be remembered for?  In my nascent history mentoring and serving students I encountered the strangest transition to date.  One of my students, a quiet young man with bushy eyebrows and a skeptical gaze, widened his eyes and said "thank you.  Can we now talk about zombies a bit more?"  This needs a little explaining.
Two days before this meeting I was discussing with students the "base of the income pyramid," a representation of the world's 4.5-5 billion people that make less than $2,000 USD annually but who are the world's largest sector of economic growth.  I asked the students where business should focus their attention.  The default answer is normally "at the top" of the pyramid, where people have the most discretionary income.  But my students were particularly sharp that semester, and they chimed in with a significant number of responses that said, "at the top you pay too much for discretionary dollars."  They were correct.  At the top, we saturate markets and spend a lot of dollars to develop flashy ad campaigns to distinguish ourselves from our competitors.  In large pockets of relative wealth, we are so inundated (even assaulted) with attention-grabbing campaigns, that we have effectively become consumer zombies.  I elaborated with an anecdote about George Romero, director of the hallmark zombie-film Night of the Living Dead, and his directive to his choreographers to emulate the affect the casual mall shopper.  Their gait, their response to flashy, loud noises, and their slow, but overwhelming presence, in my telling of this pop-culture phenomenon served as a critique of latent capital in an increasingly consumer-culture society.  It was no mistake that his popular sequel, Dawn of the Dead, was set in a shopping mall.   I then mentioned that the zombie as a representation of plague, served as a fantasy of post national anxiety, the idea that nations are not always capable of managing global problems.  Our recent encounter with Ebola brings makes the Walking Dead seem a little more than mindless entertainment.
My little anecdote was met with the same kind of response I'm normally used to. However, this time around, my students, despite a day filled with resumes and elevator speeches, came to me to discuss zombies.  I had to say, it made my day, maybe even my week, and that's hard to do to an eternal pessimist.
The next week, I received a card and an email.  The card was from my bushy browed student, thanking me for our discussion and letting me know that he had received an internship at an investment firm, something he's always wanted to do.  In the end, he wrote.  "Thanks for the zombies, I think the recruiting guy really liked that I mentioned it."  My initial reaction was to sigh, wondering whether or not it was such a good idea to deploy a whole generation of my students into job talks with zombie anecdotes.  Then I read an email later that day. It was the recruiter from the investment firm.  He wanted to thank me for encouraging critical thinking skills in our students.  For him, critical thinking skills are the primary skill we need our students to have.  He relayed how this student was able to explain how the world economy is being shaped and he did it using the metaphor of the zombie.  I found it poetic that in a world filled with saturated job markets the flash of zombie revealed the not so flashy concept of intellectual curiosity, of critical thinking skills.  They are the core supplement to the "hard skills" we try very hard to train our students to master, and they extend beyond what is fashionable.  The ability for the mind to act with the tools of the decision maker requires that we incorporate the skill of the futurist, the craftsman, the philosopher, and the poet.
I have long read about capital.  It has been poured down my throat more than any other subject I have encountered.  I have read it as a philosophical problem, as a mind-broadening concept, and as a powerful geo-political force.  I've read it in business textbooks and in pop-culture critiques.  If we are to train a generation of students to make decisions that shape the world in an effective, equitable, just, and yes, even profitable manner, we must help one another understand the principal forces that shape the world around us.  Our next generation of MBAs and graduate students will be world-shapers in unprecedented ways.  If they do not have the critical skills to think broadly about capital, we run the risk of producing a generation of ideologues that will let our complacency determine the global agenda.  We don't have that luxury, and our students know better.  They even take time to write thank you cards when it occurs.
I will be posting a short series of blog postings around a graduate class I created as a result of my thoughts on capital.  The class is called Global Relations and Theories of Capital, designed to address 13 major global issues in the context of theories of capital that would otherwise not be a significant part of the business students training.  There are only a few schools I admire that combine philosophy and humanistic inquiry in the context of global issues and the management problems they produce.  It is our hope that this serves as an example for how this can be achieved, particularly in a state like New Mexico that is prime for this kind of thinking in the context of our emerging world.  Stay tuned.
More:

How Women Can Learn to Stand in Their Power -- and How Men and Companies Can Help Themreddit
Remember the Goldilocks Syndrome ? This is the one that pointed out the double bind that women leaders face: that unlike men, women who act too assertively in the workplace are penalized, but that women who fail to be assertive are also punished. Back in 2007, Catalyst called this dilemma "damned if you do, doomed if you don't."
We haven't come very far since then, with studies within the last year and analysis within the last month continuing to point out the same problems. I think it's high time that we move beyond belaboring the challenges, and instead focus on real solutions that can help free women from this pervasive double standard in Corporate America.
To address this catch-22 and help women stand in their power as leaders, it's important to focus on a three-part solution:
Men need to combat their own internal biases. There's no question that all human beings have biases. The problem with this is that most of the time, we lack self-awareness about our own biases and thus don't recognize how they negatively affect our relationship with others, as well as business results. We've all seen the studies that show how men are given a free pass or promotion for exhibiting the same leadership styles and behaviors that women do. Whether acting confidently or tentatively , women are judged more negatively in identical situations. It's time for men to take ownership of their role in creating these biases, and make a point of noticing when their double standard is in play so that they can change their approach. Men need to become more aware of their own language and outdated assumptions that perpetuate the double bind for women. They should step up and hold themselves and other men accountable for their actions and behaviors that contribute to the problem.
The point is that women and men are in this situation together, and need to work in tandem to help women avoid being put in a double bind. Without men's partnership in combating how unfairly women are judged, it will be much harder to make progress. There's plenty of incentive for men to do this. It's already well established that organizations with more women on their leadership team and board of directors tend to outperform companies with fewer women in those roles. When men take action to change their biases about what qualities constitute a great leader of either gender, more companies will be able to enjoy these proven advantages.
Companies need to call out bad behavior--and take action. Most companies today are on board with the idea of striving toward fairness when it comes to male and female leaders. But it's not enough anymore to just talk the talk. Organizations, institutions, and the media need to move beyond simply reporting issues that show a double standard in play. Instead, they need to call out that it's not okay to treat female execs differently, state the exact reasons why this behavior is not acceptable, and spell out consequences for noncompliance. To do anything else encourages an unconstructive mindset company-wide that keeps women stuck in the same double bind.
To combat the double standard, all organizations should prioritize creating a culture of accountability where everyone understands the value and advantage of having and leveraging gender-based differences in the workplace. Some forward-thinking companies, like McKinsey, have taken it a step further and developed a corporate approach to leadership that's specifically designed to help push back against the unique challenges that female leaders face in the workplace, including the double bind. McKinsey's centered leadership approach is just one way that organizations can take action to acknowledge and maximize the unique strengths and sensibilities that women bring to leadership roles.
Women need to stand up for their own value. Third on this list but first in priority is what women themselves can do to abandon a victim stance and claim their full power and potential as leaders. We go on about the Goldilocks Syndrome as "one of the biggest disadvantages women face in business today," point fingers at women for needing more confidence to lead , and continue to hammer home that " Women leaders don't have it easy ." Tell us something we don't know. It's time to change this broken record of woe is me and damned if we do/damned if we don't, with its focus on how women are devalued. The research phase in identifying such trends is important, but we have the facts now. Let's move forward together toward managing and ultimately changing this situation rather than just complaining about it.
To do this, women need to recognize their abilities, stand up for their value, and do the same thing for other women around them. We have many opportunities to do this every day--any time we become aware of being faced with the double bind. For example, a female CEO attended a board meeting of her parent company and found she was the only woman at the table. Her male colleagues leveled subtle critiques at her, ranging from her style of dress to her leadership style. She was told that she was "too collaborative," "asked too many questions," and wasn't getting to the "real answers" to the problem.
The CEO knew that these points were actually her differentiating; strengths that helped balanced the thinking around the table. So she respectfully but boldly responded to the men in the room. She looked right at the chairman and said, "I respectfully disagree with you, and the behavior in this room is unacceptable, as it would be for me if I projected this kind of behavior. Everyone around this table is an executive running a significant part of this organization, and we all need to be treated with the same respect." With her words, the attitude in the room shifted, and within seconds, the men leaned in and she gained the attention and respect she deserved.
In some cases, men may simply be unaware of the biases contained in the words and actions that they're accustomed to using in meetings with just men. It can change the whole dynamic when women call out bad behavior and help men understand the double standard. If only 50% get the message, that's still 50% more who will be sensitized to their own internal narrative and the actions that flow from it. Over time, others will follow their lead in making changes that can help release women from the double bind.
The CEO's story is just one example of how you might use your power to keep others from diminishing your leadership style, capabilities, or brand. As you start to do a better job using your power to defend and promote your own career success, you can use that same strength to support other women around you. When you partner effectively with men, organizations, and the women whom you lead, mentor, and report to, you can begin to move women beyond the victim role and into a more equitable leadership suite.
Learn more about SHAMBAUGH's nationally renowned signature Women in Leadership and Learning (WILL) Program
Follow Rebecca Shambaugh on Twitter: www.twitter.com/beckyshambaugh
More:

7 Revelations From Those Secret Goldman Sachs Tapesreddit
The secret Goldman Sachs tapes released this week by ProPublica and This American Life are attracting a lot of attention, and rightly so. They were clandestinely recorded by Carmen Segarra, an investigator for the New York Federal Reserve Bank who was eventually fired -- either for being uncooperative or, as she says and the tapes suggest, for attempting to be a strong regulator.
Financial cases can seem complicated, especially in situations when there are multiple parties involved. But the reality that is revealed in these tapes is clear enough, and can be summarized in seven takeaways:
1. The New York Fed's investigators are surprisingly fearful and defensive.
They're called "regulators," although the proper title for the Fed officials who monitor America's banks is "supervisor." When it comes to protecting our economy, they're the cops on the beat. One of the striking things that these tapes make clear is that, rather than being forceful and assertive -- in other words, rather than "supervising" -- the Fed's staff is defensive, diffident, and afraid to antagonize the bankers they oversee.
The tapes suggest that Mike Silva, Segarra's boss, wants to do a good job. But he is constantly worried that Goldman Sachs executives might be upset or angered if Segarra or another member of his team becomes too aggressive.
This seems to reflect a culture that comes from higher up in the New York Fed. It's a culture of submissiveness, not authority. As we will see, there are reasons for that.
2. "Regulatory capture" is real -- and even worse than we thought.
Police officers aren't known for negotiating their choice of words with the citizens they meet or arrest. But these tapes show that Mike Silva and other Fed officials are constantly negotiating the language in their own reports with the bankers they oversee.
This, and the fear that Fed officials display on these tapes, is a conspicuous example of "regulatory capture," a phenomenon in which the officials who oversee the banks become "captured" by the culture, values, and opinions of the bankers they're supposed to regulate.
Much of that capture is due to the fact that the only well-paying jobs available to ambitious regulators are frequently with the banks themselves. It can also be caused by the human tendency to please those with whom we work.
3. "Embedded" regulators face special challenges.
The problem becomes even worse when regulators or supervisors are "embedded" in the institutions they supervise, as Carmen Segarra was. They go to work, not in their own organizations, but in the offices of the banks they supervise. Most of the people they encounter throughout the day -- in the elevator, at the coffee machine, the washroom -- are employed by the institution they're expected to investigate with a skeptical eye.
One Fed supervisor told a consultant that he had only been only working on an account for the in this way for three weeks when "I saw the capture set in." He was talking about himself.
The tapes show that investigators like Carmen Segarra were rarely given reinforcement, encouragement, or a sense of team spirit. They were not provided with the emotional and logistical resources that might have helped counteract their isolation, loneliness, and identification with the subjects of their investigations.
4. Self-policing doesn't work.
One of the great flaws in our bank regulatory system is its reliance on Wall Street institutions to police themselves and voluntarily report misbehavior to the proper authorities. The massive crime wave that led to the 2008 financial crisis demonstrated rather conclusively that these institutions are, as a rule, somewhat disinclined to do so.
This self-policing policy almost inevitably leads to the kind of diffidence displayed by Silva and other regulators. As one unidentified man says on the tapes:
"... we don't want to discourage Goldman from disclosing these types of things in the future, and therefore maybe you know some comment that says don't mistake our inquisitiveness, and our desire to understand more about the marketplace in general, as a criticism of you as a firm necessarily. Like I don't want to, I don't want to hit them on the bat with the head, and they say screw it we're not gonna disclose it again, we don't need to."
"We don't need to."
If the regulators themselves don't think that disclosure is a requirement for bankers, why would the bankers themselves?
5. The Fed's governance structure is broken.
All of the country's financial agencies suffer from "regulatory capture," but the Federal Reserve has another problem. The Fed and its branches, which were created by the United States government, is run by boards largely composed of bank executives and their corporate allies. And the Fed isn't just an oversight agency.
As a central bank, the Fed is a governmental institution that provides banks with vast financial resources -- supposedly in return for compliance with government policies. But when bankers sit on its boards, it has powerful incentives not to look very carefully at its level of compliance.
Jamie Dimon, CEO of scandal-ridden JPMorgan Chase, sat on the Fed board that made the hiring and pay decisions for the its senior officials while Carmen Segarra was employed there.
6. Senators Warren and Brown are right. We need public hearings.
Senators Elizabeth Warren and Sherrod Brown reacted to the Segarra tapes by calling for public hearings into the New York Fed's actions. "It's our job to make sure our financial regulators are doing their jobs," said Warren, who added:
"When regulators care more about protecting big banks from accountability than they do about protecting the American people from risky and illegal behavior on Wall Street, it threatens our whole economy. We learned this the hard way in 2008."
They're absolutely right. And while they're at it, they should take a look at some of the other regulators, too. There is nothing in their record to inspire confidence.
There's one final lesson to be learned from the release of these tapes:
7. Goldman Sachs is still run by dicks.
Pardon my language, but I think you'll agree it's justified. Take a look at its response to a reporter's detailed list of questions regarding Segarra's tapes. The reply, which appears to come from Goldman PR flack David Wells, flippantly ignores the questions and instead quotes several paragraphs of dialogue from one of those "captured" regulators.
When Segarra was assigned to Goldman, she was appointed to oversee a sleazy and disreputable institution with a record of fraud, deceit, and all-around bad behavior for which it had recently paid a then-record fine. In fact, only Jamie Dimon's JPMorgan Chase -- which is arguably more corrupt than Enron -- may have exceeded Goldman in its sheer volume of disgraceful deeds. That's an important fact to keep in mind when listening to her superiors equivocate and attempt to soften her language.
In an especially dickish move, Wells remarked that Segarra "unsuccessfully interviewed for employment with Goldman Sachs in 2007, 2008, and 2009." Perhaps her interviewers found her too ethical for the job? Goldman, on the other hand, is apparently not too ethical to dig into its own personnel files in order to smear a critic.
This particular shot backfires against Goldman. That chronology means that Segarra applied there before joining the New York Fed. That distinguishes her from the many regulators who pursue high-priced banking work after they've treated banks with kid gloves. And in a field with limited career choices, her aggressive enforcement posture against Goldman demonstrates her willingness to sacrifice future opportunities in order to serve the public effectively.
As for Wells, his previous PR job was with none other than JPMorgan Chase. People like that are the reason we need people like Carmen Segarra.
We discussed the secret Goldman tapes with Thom Hartmann on his television program, "The Big Picture." The video is below.
Follow Richard (RJ) Eskow on Twitter: www.twitter.com/rjeskow
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations

Linda Tirado: What I miss about being poorLinda Tirado: What I miss about being poor
By Patrick Gillespie   @CNNMoney October 2, 2014: 9:26 AM ET
Linda Tirado and one of her children.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Linda Tirado knows what it's like to work two jobs, raise a family and attempt to go to school. Days start at 6am and end well past midnight. Junk food is one of the only "luxuries" you feel you have.
But there's one thing she misses about being poor in America: camaraderie.
"You have to entertain each other because you're just too broke to do anything else," Tirado, 32, said in an interview with CNNMoney . "You can have an awful lot of fun."
Tirado, whose new book "Hand to Mouth," comes out Thursday, says poor people tend to know each other in more intimate ways than folks in other tax brackets.
In the book, readers get to know Tirado's roller coaster journey from a being working class mother and blogger to having a lucky break that rocketed her into the middle class.
Related: U.S. poverty rate drops for the first time since 2006
Last October, Tirado wrote an online essay titled "Poverty Thoughts" about what her life was like. She was working at an IHOP and raising two young daughters. The post went viral, gaining millions of page views and, eventually, a book deal. Concerned readers donated over $60,000 to her.
"When I was pregnant the first time, I was living in a weekly motel for some time," she wrote. "I was on WIC. I ate peanut butter from the jar and frozen burritos because they were 12/$2."
(WIC is the Women, Infants and Children program the U.S. government runs that provides some money for food and parenting education).
The viral post also generated criticism from readers and journalists saying she was not entirely honest about her story. But Tirado did clarify early on that her essay was about her experience as well as her observations of others in poverty.
"I am just telling what I have seen," Tirado says. "I am indicative. I am not representative."
Raised by her grandparents in Michigan and Utah after her mother died when she was young and her father became estranged from the family, she dropped out of school at age 16. She has no regrets about not attending college. She does not see higher education as an imperative for all young adults.
"I think there should be better options than just universities," she said. "There's another entire group of human beings whose skill set is not in academia."
Tirado, who is temporarily living in Washington D.C., with her two children and her husband, Tom, a former marine, hopes that Congress will listen more to their low-income constituents when making policy decisions, such as welfare appropriations.
Any drug testing for welfare recipients is humiliating, she says.
Tirado never set out to be a spokesperson for the poor but hopes her book will draw more attention to the difficulties impoverished people face.
From struggling to eat a healthy diet on a daily basis to finding time for long-term life planning, the dilemmas never end.
Related: Are you middle class?
Most of all, poverty deprives people of dignity.
"It is millions of us. You can't go through a day without seeing us and yet we somehow still don't exist," Tirado says. "All work has dignity."
Tirado is correct on the math: about 45 million Americans live in poverty, according to a report last month from the U.S. Census Bureau. That's defined as an annual income of $23,624 or less for a family for four.
Despite her personal struggles, Tirado gained some skills from her experience: "It makes you a creative cook."
First Published: October 2, 2014: 9:26 AM ET
Most Popular

Improved Policies Needed to Boost GrowthAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Railways announces partial hike in  tatkal  ticket faresStarting today, Tatkal tickets will cost more
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 02, 2014
First Published: 20:30 IST(2/10/2014) | Last Updated: 01:33 IST(3/10/2014)
Passengers buying Tatkal tickets during the festive season for the Delhi-Mumbai Rajdhani and 80 other premium trains will need to dig deeper into their pockets starting Friday.
 
The Railways said on Thursday that half of all Tatkal tickets on these trains would be put under the dynamic pricing system, effectively announcing a partial hike in passenger fares.
 
Under the new system, if the demand for Tatkal tickets goes up, their prices would proportionately increase.
 
The other 50% Tatkal tickets would be sold at existing rates. This system will be applicable in approximately 80 premier trains and at least five trains in each of the 17 Railway zones.
Under the Tatkal scheme, passengers can book tickets, over the counter or on the internet, 24 hours before a train is scheduled to depart.
Besides the two Delhi-Mumbai Rajdhanis, trains falling under the new mechanism will include the Ahmedabad-New Delhi Swarn Jayanti Rajdhani Express, the Bandra-Amritsar Paschim Express, the Mumbai-Amritsar Golden Temple Mail, the Bandra-Jodhpur Suryanagari Express and the New Delhi-Darbangha Swantrata Senani Express.
The move is aimed at cutting the public transporter’s losses in passenger earnings that zoomed to Rs. 25,000 crore this fiscal year. A decrease in international diesel rates had also led to the possibility of passenger fare reduction through adjustment of the Fuel Adjustment Component, due this month. Revenue earned from freight continue to subsidise passenger fares.
Tatkal prices were last hiked in April 2013. On June 25, railways minister DV Sadananda Gowda announced a hike of 14.2% in passenger fares across the board.

Europe s car industry shifts up a gearSTORY HIGHLIGHTS
Paris Motor Show kicks off as car giants take the stage to present new models
Focus will be on greener and more efficient cars, as manufacturers try to capture new customers
European car market shows signs of recovery, but Asia remains the growth center
(CNN) -- The last Paris Motor Show was marked by tear gas and workers' violent protests against job cuts. Now, the mood is different and industry bosses are back doing what they prefer: Showing off the latest luxury models, supercars and hybrid motors.
Among the most anticipated cars at this week's event -- one of the biggest dates in the car enthusiast's diary -- will be a plug-in hybrid Lamborghini, Ferrari 458 Speciale, Mercedes AMG GT, and a five-door MINI.
Manufacturers will unveil around 100 new models and designs, three times more than at the last show two years ago.
Europe, while still fragile, has shaken off the financial crisis and the auto industry has seen a 6% boost in car sales so far this year, to 8.3 million. It's the largest increase since the crisis began in 2007.
Renault bullish about new crossover
Volvo looks for growth in China
Making car crashes history
Recovery faces hurdles
European sales were badly damaged by the recession, as people who already owned a vehicle put off buying a new one to cut their spending.
New car registrations plummeted throughout Europe, with its most troubled economies facing the biggest drops: Registrations declined 80% in Greece, 57% in Spain and 53% in Portugal.
But as sales have picked up, geopolitical pressures have put the industry under renewed strain. The West's trade war with Russia has had a significant knock-on effect, and sales are expected to slow in the year's final months.
Before the Ukraine crisis, Russia was tracking to become Europe's largest car market, expected to surpass the UK and Germany by 2016.
Instead, analysts expect that sales this year will decline between 8% and 12% this year. Latest monthly figures, from the Association of European Businesses, show sales in Russia plummeted 25.8% in August compared to last year.
Efficiency first
While recent gains have lent an upbeat atmosphere to this year's show, long-terms trends make for miserable reading. Car sales in Europe are nearly one fifth below the peak of late 2000s, and manufacturers are being forced to look for new growth areas.
More efficient, hybrid and electric cars are seen as central to growth and a "technology race" is underway between European brands, according to Felix Kuhnert, PWC's head of European automotive industry division. New, "greener" hybrid models are expected to be among the show's most coveted creations.
Lamborghini is unveiling its first ever plug-in hybrid supercar, the 910 horsepower Asterion , which boasts a V10 engine and three electric motors.
Japanese luxury brand Infiniti will reveal plans for its flagship sedan, the hybrid Infiniti Q80. Jaguar will premier its XE, the most fuel-efficient of its stable to date. And Porsche is bringing a new plug-in hybrid version of its premium SUV Cayenne.
European manufacturers are plunging money into research and development initiatives towards alternative drivetrains, lightweight construction, and other efficiency technologies, as they bid to attract new customers, Kuhner said.
According to Kuhnert, the "old and inefficient" cars clogging up Europe's highways will be replaced "as soon as the economic outlook in each country becomes more positive."
Focus on Asia
Industry focus has also turned to Asia, as the middle classes boom and spending power increases. China is proving an attractive market for car manufacturers, despite concerns around the introduction of quotas and restrictions on new car registrations to combat pollution.
The numbers are impressive: BMW sales in China were up 23% in the first half of 2014 , pushing the group's sales in the period to 1 million.
But the growth in Asia will not be driven by China alone. Sales in Indonesia and Thailand are increasing with Indonesia's new car sales doubling between 2007 and 2012 and staying strong since.
Many car makers have also moved parts of their production to Asia, in a bid to cut costs by producing where they sell.

5 Mysteries of US Job Market Waiting to Be SolvedAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Marines gritty account of being shot in Afghanistan goes viralBy Dan Lamothe October 2 Follow @danlamothe
Marine veteran Matthew W. McElhinney holds the rifle round that hit him in Afghanistan in 2010. His written account of the day he was shot has gone viral on the Web site Reddit. (YouTube screen grab)
Marine veteran Matthew W. Mcelhinney was patrolling through Afghanistan when the rifle round hit him. Fired by a Taliban insurgent, it ripped into his back just below his body armor and tore through his internal organs.
He’s one of thousands of Americans who have sustained gunshot wounds in the Afghanistan war, but Mcelhinney’s gritty first-person account of the day he was shot — March 10, 2010 — has gone viral online this week, capturing the attention of thousands of readers on the Web site Reddit. In words both profane and touching , the infantryman recounts how he was rushed to a hospital in Afghanistan and cared for by his fellow Marines on the battlefield.
Here’s an excerpt:
I can’t make you really understand the feeling in my body that day, the best I could do would be to tell it to you like this.
I tried to hop a gap to gain a better angle on this hole in a compound wall, every other movement is this risky. It seemed clear, it wasn’t.
First you feel the round hit.
It feels like a sledge hammer hitting you in the back, my stomach felt like the worst incontinence imaginable. Then you paradoxically try to resume your task in the fight, until you realize your own bodily dysfunction. I started flailing and screaming as horribly as you could possibly imagine. I could hear people directing fire when someone saw me on the ground and started screaminlike a banshee for a Corpsmen. I could hear the corpsmen call booming through the school house as I laid in the dirt writhing in agony and crazily pulling at the grass surrounding me, feebly attempting to displace the unmitigated sensation surging through me.
McElhinney’s post, titled “Almost,” has resonated with Reddit’s broad readership. Some questioned the legitimacy of his account, though, so he followed up by releasing a video on YouTube in which he shows a photograph of himself in the hospital with Gen. James Conway, the commandant of the Marine Corps when McElhinney was shot, and the round that hit him. The day he was wounded also was covered by an embedded Stars and Stripes reporter in 2010.
McElhinney, now 25, says in another post on Reddit that he has been frustrated by his care from the Department of Veterans Affairs. And in a third post , he recalls a recent interaction with his now-retired sixth grade teacher. He was in the man’s classroom when the terrorist attacks on Sept. 11, 2001, occurred. Here’s an excerpt from that one:
About a decade later I got a knock on my door, so I got my cane, stood myself up of the couch and hobbled over to the door. When I opened the door up the last thing I expected to see was my retired 6th grade history teacher in a biker jacket.
He told me that he had heard I had been hit and was following my story really closely. He asked how I was doing and made a lot of small talk about the news articles on me he had read. The whole time I remember him being really emotional and heavily studying me and things I said. He kept asking me “How I felt” and “What it was like being back.” I kinda struggled with the answers, it was too soon for good hindsight. As he left he shook my hand, pulled me in for a hug, told me how proud everyone was of me and then rode off on his Harley. He saw who I was at the beginning of my path into this war, I think he just wanted to see who I was at the end.
Checkpoint has reached out to McElhinney to see if he’d like to share more.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Facebook changes real-name policy  allows al...Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: Facebook said it would change its policy requiring users to go by their real names on the social network , following outrage over the locking of hundreds of accounts, including a number belonging to drag queens using their stage names.
Facebook's product chief, Christopher Cox, apologised in a post on Wednesday and said the affected users could go back to using their aliases. The world's largest social media network had locked scores of accounts in recent weeks, including hundreds belonging to lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people.
"The spirit of our policy is that everyone on Facebook uses the authentic name they use in real life. For Sister Roma, that's Sister Roma. For Lil Miss Hot Mess, that's Lil Miss Hot Mess," Cox wrote, denying that the company's policy required users to go by their legal names. San Francisco drag queens and a city lawmaker met with Facebook representatives in September to demand that the site change its policy of banning users from going by aliases online.
Drag queen performers, or men who dress in flamboyant female clothing for nightclub shows, usually use stage names that have no relation to their real names. Performers say using their stage names on social media protects them from possible retribution from other employers, family members and stalkers.
Facebook had said earlier that it would give users two weeks to adjust their profiles to display their real name or convert their personal pages into fan pages that allow the use of nicknames.

Bank of America-Chairman StoryAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

The final stage of Secret Service training OR How to be a Secret Service AgentBy Alexandra Petri October 2 Follow @petridishes
Protect him from this suit, also. (AFP / Mandel Ngan / Getty)
A new recruit, Brad, arrives at the Secret Service headquarters. He is fit and very motivated and has taken the liberty of getting himself an earpiece and some of those dark glasses he has seen agents wearing in movies.
A Secret Service manager strolls over.
Manager: You the new guy?
Brad: That’s right.
Manager: Great. Come in here. We just have to review this one test you took before you get to join the presidential security detail. Shouldn’t take long.
Brad: Sir, may I just say again what an honor and privilege this will –
Manager: (pulls a meatball sandwich out of his holster) Sure you can. Okay. So let’s just talk about your responses to some of the simulations.
Brad: I did my best, I’m sorry if there was anything –
Manager: See, right here, it said, “If you meet a woman in a hotel bar , and you want to impress her, what is a good thing to do?” You wrote, “Stay sober and be professional.” But remember: you’re in a bar, and there’s a woman. Think, Brad. What if you wind up in her room later? Is there something you might GIVE her?
Brad: Uh, a respectful handshake?
Manager: Brad. Brad. Brad. No. A bullet from your service weapon.
Brad: Okay. (takes notes) Wow, Isn’t that a little dange–
Manager: Question two asks: “You’re on a detail, traveling to a foreign country in advance of the president. What should you do?” You wrote, “Familiarize myself with the terrain and any threats.” I gave you partial credit, because this is correct but not specific enough. What you should have said instead of terrain was ‘bars.’
Brad: Familiarize myself with the bars and the threats?
Manager: No, just the bars. It’s really less an advance team than it is a pre-game.
(Another agent opens the door and high-fives him)
Manager: That guy was in the Netherlands with me. I do not remember that week AT ALL. Next question: “The president is arriving in Martha’s Vineyard. Do you: A) continue to provide sober and reliable service to POTUS to the best of your ability; b) start bar fights; c) attend house parties; d) START BAR FIGHTS AND ATTEND HOUSE PARTIES!!” You wrote A. The correct answer was D. A good way of remembering this is to think SPRING BREAK! SPRING BREAK!
(Yet another agent sticks his heads in the door.) Other Agent: Was someone talking about the vineyard?
Manager: SPRING BREAK!
(They chest-bump. The other agent plunks a forty of Colt 45 down on the desk.)
Agent: Drink up, rookie.
Brad: I’d really rather not.
Manager: Moving along, “If you’re on a secret service detail to Colombia, should you spend the evening drinking heavily and carousing with prostitutes?” and you wrote, “No.”
Brad: Right.
Manager: Listen to that again: You are in Colombia– COLOMBIA — and some prostitutes want to drink and carouse with you.
Brad: No, see, I got that, I just don’t think it’s–
Manager: Brad, you seem like a nice kid. But you need to THINK. Okay, next question: “You realize there’s a guy in the elevator with President Obama who has a criminal record and a firearm . What do you do? And you wrote, “D: Definitely not, immediately remove him and tell your superiors about the mistake.”
Brad: I have to confess that by that point I was convinced that none of these were real questions.
Manager: The correct answer was “C: It’s not cool, but definitely don’t tell anyone in management about it because it will just make us nervous and some of us have weak hearts.”
Brad: But I thought that we were required to have fitness certification — which reminds me, when is fitness testing?
(Manager laughs a long time.)
Manager: You just certify yourself. (He pulls out a sheet of paper.) What seems like a good number of pushups to be able to do? I’m behind on mine.
Brad: In what time frame?
Manager: I’m just going to put 800. No, 801. Round numbers are less believable.
Brad: Wait, were all of these serious questions –
Manager: (picking up the 40) Look, if you’re not going to drink this, I will. Now, this question says, “Should the Secret Service be run ‘ more like Disney World ‘? and you wrote “No” and then next to it you wrote “What is this question, some kind of joke?” The correct answer was Yes.
Brad: Okay. Wow. In the sense that Disney is a very tight ship where few accidents are allowed to occur?
Manager: (eating more of his sandwich) No. In the sense that Disney is friendly and open and welcoming. (hiccups) And sometimes people are drunk there.
Brad: Okay. Wow.
Manager: Just think of this as an awesome chance to make new friends, see the world, get drunk in it, and sometimes the president of the United States is there! How cool is that?
Brad: What about “protect and serve”?
Manager: (sighs) See, you’re new to this whole thing. Some people still say that. Those people are lame and nobody wants to drink with them. Don’t be like them. That’s why we wanted to go over these, so we were on the same page.
Alexandra Petri writes the ComPost blog, offering a lighter take on the news and opinions of the day.

CLT20 2014  CSK vs KXIP: CSK beat KXIP by 65 runs to advance to the finalsCSK are yet to beat KXIP in 2014. (Source: BCCI)
Express News Service | Hyderabad | Posted: October 2, 2014 7:34 pm
Two IPL heavyweights clash in the second semi-final of the CLT20 2014, Punjab having won all their group games Kings XI seem like the team with greater momentum. CSK will be hoping their openers can give them a decent start, something they haven’t been able to do in the CLT20. The form of Dwayne Smith may be a concern for the Chennai team, also CSK haven’t beaten Punjab in 2014, losing all their clashes in the IPL as well. So is will it be a repeat of the IPL final or will CSK exact revenge? Catch all the action LIVE.
LIVE SCORECARD:
CATCH ALL SOCIAL BUZZ OF THE #CLT20 ACTION IN AN ALL NEW AVATAR: 
 

Coast Guard Heads to Fire at Offshore Gas PlatformAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

1924 newsreel footage and other Nats coverageBy Tracee Hamilton October 2 Follow @TraceeHamilton
The Library of Congress recently found nearly perfectly preserved nitrate film of a "Kinograms" newsreel showing the Washington Senators winning the World Series over the New York Giants and fans storming the field at Griffith Stadium to celebrate. (Library of Congress)
 
Mosey over to the Bog to hear the story behind this newsreel footage recently unearthed and restored by the Library of Congress. The timing couldn’t have been better. See Bucky Harris hit a home run! See Walter Johnson pitch! See fans storm the field! If that doesn’t put you in the mood for Friday’s Game 1, nothing will.

AC fails  AI Dreamliner forced back to Delhi after 3 hrs in airAC fails, AI Dreamliner forced back to Delhi after 3 hours in air
Tushar Srivastava , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 02, 2014
First Published: 23:09 IST(2/10/2014) | Last Updated: 01:57 IST(3/10/2014)
Comments
Over 140 passengers on-board Air India’s (AI) Delhi-London flight had a harrowing time on Thursday as the aircraft — a Boeing 787 Dreamliner — took off from the Indira Gandhi International Airport only to return three hours later due to a technical problem.
AI flight 115 took off from the Delhi airport at around 7.34 am. Sources said that around an hour after the take off, passengers complained of suffocation as the aircraft’s air-conditioning system wasn’t working. “As around eight hours of flying was still left it was decided to turn back the plane,” a source said.
The flight landed at Delhi airport at around 10.55 am. “The aircraft was brought back as there was an overheating of cabin. There were 18 business class and 125 economy class passengers on board,” an AI official said.
However, that wasn’t the end to the passenger’s ordeal. Once the flight landed in Delhi it was decided to shift the passengers to an alternate aircraft and operate the flight at 11:55 am. However, by that time the crew’s flight duty time limitation would have kicked-in and an alternate crew would have to be arranged.
“The passengers were finally transferred to AI flight 111, which departed at 1.30 pm,” the official said.
The 787 has been a source of constant trouble for AI.
Last week, the windshield of a 787 had cracked midway through a flight. Till June, 318 cases of delays had been reported due to technical snags in the Dreamliner.

Swachh Bharat: Cong downplays Modi nominating TharoorComments
Even as the Congress downplayed Prime Minister Narendra Modi's invite to its spokesman Shashi Tharoor for the Swachh Bharat campaign, the Thiruvananthapuram MP said he was honoured to accept the invitation.
“Honoured to accept the invitation of PM @narendramodi to join Clean India campaign. Just landed in Bucharest &heard d news. Action on return,” he said in one of his tweets on the subject.
Honoured to accept the invitation of PM @narendramodi to join Clean India campaign. Just landed in Bucharest &heard d news. Action on return
— Shashi Tharoor (@ShashiTharoor) October 2, 2014
“Informed @PMOIndia I was on a flight to Romania to attend&address #BucharestForum when his announcement came. Back Sunday.Clean India is4all,” read his another tweet.
Informed @PMOIndia I was on a flight to Romania to attend&address #BucharestForum when his announcement came. Back Sunday.Clean India is4all
— Shashi Tharoor (@ShashiTharoor) October 2, 2014
Modi’s invite to Tharoor ruffled many feathers in the Congress with some leaders privately saying that the former union minister was “slowly moving closer” to the BJP.
Tharoor had earlier faced flak after he praised Modi in an article in a US news website in which he wrote that the PM was looking to turn himself from a “hate figure into an avatar of modernity and progress” and that it would be churlish not to acknowledge the change.
Senior leaders trained their guns at him for the controversial remarks. While Mani Shankar Aiyar called him “immature” and a “chameleon”, Digvijaya Singh advised him not to jump to conclusions.
Tharoor later clarified his statement by writing a letter to party’s communication department head Ajay Maken in which he made it clear that he stood committed to the organisation and the principles of secularism.
“By praising him for specific things, we help frame public expectation of his continued behaviour and raise the bar against which we will judge him in future,” he wrote.
On Thursday as well, Tharoor sought to clarify the matter. “I am not a fan of tokenism. CleanIndia is a great campaign but challenge will be2sustain it beyond a week of photo ops. Mindsets must change,” he tweeted.
Congress leader Rajiv Shukla maintained that there was noting to be surprised over the move. “That should not be the basis of any speculation about any individual. So I do not buy that. But at the same time I think that everybody should have been invited. Why only one or two individuals?” he asked.

Dinner and a movie coming Pike & Rose in North BethesdaBy Maura Judkis October 2 Follow @MauraJudkis
Dinner-and-a-movie dates in North Bethesda are about to become a one-stop shop. The iPic luxury movie theater chain, boasting reclining plush seats and in-theater touch-screen ordering, is coming to the Pike & Rose development on Oct. 31, accompanied by City Perch, a restaurant opening Nov. 17 from James Beard Award-winning chef Sherry Yard.
A rendering of iPic (Courtesy TAAPR)
The luxury-seat theater:
When you walk into an iPic, you won't see a box office. Instead, there's a concierge.
"The entire experience, when you walk in there, is much like walking into an affordable luxury hotel," said iPic Entertainment CEO Hamid Hashemi, "like a W."
So, no sticky floors. And, Hashemi said, fewer disruptions. "It’s an experience where people are respectful of other people. When you go to the movies and you see people texting [during the film], I can assure you, that never happens in these theaters," Hashemi said. "They pay a little bit more. They have a love for the experience, they give other people that same kind of treatment."
iPic is among the growing trend of movie theaters that offer assigned seating . There's no need arrive early to stake out the best view, as you'll be able to reserve your row and seat ahead of time. If you join the theater's free membership program, you'll be notified of seating times as soon they go online. If you pay $15 for "Sapphire Membership," you can get access to tickets 24 hours before they're released to the general public.
There are two types of seats: The premium leather seats ($11-$13), which are 33-inches across with an individual table, or the reclining "premium plus" seats ($17-$22), which also include a pillow and blanket, unlimited popcorn and an anti-glare touchscreen picture-menu that you can use to order food during a film.
iPic Express:
That in-theater food comes from a concept called iPic Express, with a menu of upscale-casual comforts by Yard. Those who get the regular seats can order her pizza, burgers and other classics, and bring them into the theater. But if you order from the touchscreen menu, your food will be delivered by "ninjas" -- servers dressed in head-to-toe black, who will sneak in and set your food down at your table without blocking your or anyone else's view of the screen.
Developing a movie-friendly menu posed a number of interesting challenges, Yard said: "Is it going to crunch and make too much noise? Are they going to be able to hold it in their hands? Is it going to smell?"
Bao buns filled with shortribs and pickled vegetables, and "naanchos" -- plates of grilled naan with smoked gouda and jalapenos -- are among the finger foods on her menu. Tempura green beans are an alternative to french fries. Yard said she even found a way to make a salad that could be eaten without a knife and fork: She stuffs the fixings for a Caesar salad in rolls of romaine.
Candy, too, gets an upscale twist: it's served in a champagne glass. And Yard says she plans to put an Old Bay popcorn on her menu as a Maryland tribute.
A rendering of iPic (Courtesy TAAPR)
City Perch:
Sherry Yard (Photo: Anne Fishbein)
Yard's City Perch restaurant, opening Nov. 17, is an adjoining but separate concept to the theater. "It will be very chic," Yard said. "The food is just going to be fun and engaging."
Yard, who worked for Wolfgang Puck for nearly 20 years, was recently inducted into the James Beard Foundation’s "Who’s Who of Food & Beverage in America." City Perch, she said, is "my first foray in having an idea of a restaurant and putting it together from start to finish."
She's still developing the menu, but Yard said the upscale-casual American restaurant will utilize fresh produce from the nearby farmer's market. There will be a raw bar and a rotisserie, and all of the breads will be made in-house. The bar menu will be developed by iPic's mixology director, Adam Seger.
The restaurant, which seats approximately 200, has an outdoor terrace with three fire pits. The interior has been designed with those dinner-and-a-movie daters in mind, with plenty of intimate booths. "It's sexy," said Yard.
 iPic and City Perch at Pike & Rose, 11580 Old Georgetown Road, North Bethesda. Opening Oct. 31 and Nov. 17, respectively.
Update: A previous version of this story included an incorrect opening date for City Perch. The restaurant will open Nov. 17, two days later than originally announced. This version also includes updated price ranges for the iPic theater.
Maura Judkis covers culture, food, and the arts for the Weekend section and Going Out Guide.

Cousins trying to stay mediumBy Mike Jones October 2 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Kirk Cousins was alone at the end of the bench after last week’s four-interception performance, but hopes coaches are hard on him so he bounces back. (Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
During his limited NFL playing time, Kirk Cousins has found himself on a roller coaster, both in terms of his play, and the expectations heaped upon him.
He has entered games on short notice and has played well . Both last year and this season, he played well in his initial starts, but struggles have followed. Excitement has spiked over Cousins’s strong cameos, and then concerns stem from his poor showings.
Cousins’s strong play this season in Weeks 2 and 3 raised questions about whether he was the quarterback of the future for Washington. But his four-interception showing against the Giants begged the question as to whether Cousins would ever be anything beyond a backup.
The quarterback this week is working to show he can rebound from a rough outing and play at a high level. As he does, Cousins has also worked to ignore the outward perceptions and the opinions of his play, which has proved challenging.
“It’s been tough,” he said. “Even my rookie year, when you only get a couple spots and everybody is going to try to write the book on who you are as a quarterback, from the end of the Ravens game or the Cleveland game, and then you may get spot duty last year. So, that is tough. And to say how you deal with that, you know, I don’t know that I have the perfect answer. I’m the kind of guy who would like to know my future and like to know how things are going to play out. [But] I don’t. So, I try not to ride the roller coaster. I try to be consistent as I can possibly be and I think that approach is going to help me have success in this league.
“But as a quarterback, you are going to have things that go your way,” Cousins added. “You’re going to have times where it is going to be tough. I think the guys that last are the guys who can ride it out and stay consistent no matter what.”
Coach Jay Gruden had said that even as ugly as last Thursday’s game turned out, the results would present Cousins with plenty of learning opportunities.
Instead of trying to learn from Robert Griffin III ’s successes and failures, as in the past, this time around, Cousins could dissect his own play with coaches and try to figure out what to correct.
Cousins agreed that he did come away from that showing with a list of areas to work on, and that list was expansive, he said.
“Each play was different. I think when you look at the turnovers, each one had a different reason why it happened,” Cousins said. “But just understanding that you can’t throw the ball blind, you can’t force footballs into coverage, sometimes it’s better to take a sack, sometimes it’s better to check it down or move in the pocket. So, you are learning every play, and each play has its own reason.”
Cousins said self-evaluation is never easy, but that it’s crucial.
“You have to be brutally honest with yourself,” he explained. “You have to check your ego out at the door when you walk into the film room, and say to coaches, ‘Let’s make sure this never happens again. However you have to coach me, be hard on me to make sure that it gets through,’ ” he said.
“So, being coachable, listening to what they have to say, the advice they give, being hard on yourself, and then on the practice field next week, just emphasizing different areas; always trying to make your weaknesses irrelevant and keep improving those and continue to use your strengths to get you where you want to go. I hope we’re learning and getting better each and every week and each and every game.”
E-mail a Redskins question to mike.jones@washpost.com, with the subject line “Mailbag question,” and it might be answered in  The Mailbag .
More from The Post:

Homeware products beat FMCG in sales for retailersHomeware products beat FMCG in sales for retailers
Raghavendra Kamath | Mumbai Oct 03, 2014 12:46 AM IST
Although the real estate sector is yet to come out of the woods, categories such as bed and bath, home furnishings, and kitchenware are seeing strong sales for retailers.
Not yet ready to make decisions on high-ticket purchases, customers are loosening their purse strings on refurbishing their homes and redoing their kitchens, retailers say. Shoppers Stop, which runs home improvement chain Home Stop, is seeing more than 20 per cent growth year on year in categories such as furnishings, and bed and bath, says Govind Shrikhande, managing director at Shoppers Stop. Interestingly D Mart, the retail chain owned by stock market icon R K Damani, has seen 2-3 percentage point growth in these categories over fast-moving consumer goods, which are the most basic commodities for consumers.
“It is strange that we are seeing higher growth in categories such as bed and bath, and kitchenware than in FMCG products,” says a senior executive with D Mart.
D Mart is seeing 20-25 per cent growth in the categories year on year, which is almost double that of last year.
Adds Sadashiv Nayak, CEO, Future Retail: “Home categories are doing well. Customers are experimenting with new products and categories.”
Nayak says the company’s retail chains are acquiring critical mass in the ‘exchange melas’ it holds regularly.
In the exchange melas, customers swap their old furniture, bed and bath and other products with new ones.
Future Retail’s home segment has seen a same-store sales growth of 5.5 per cent in the June quarter of 2014-15 compared with 3.7 per cent in the corresponding quarter of the previous financial year. Same-store sales growth refers to growth from stores which are in business for a year or more.
Retailers say customers are still hunting for bargains. “This category is growing mainly due to the reason that a soft makeover of the house by adding accessories, changing furnishings and adding lighting is the cost-efficient way of getting a new look for the house,” says Ashok Kaul , chief executive officer, retail, Bombay Dyeing.
Adds a spokesperson for Spencer's Retail: "Shoppers today have become more conscious and keep themselves aware of the latest trends in the market, and these categories have a wide offering, with prices ranging from Rs 49 to Rs 5,000, which makes them affordable for all."
“As sentiments have improved, people have started spending selectively in certain categories like home furnishings,” says Prashant Agarwal, joint managing director at Wazir Advisors.

Hong Kong leader offers talks with protestersHong Kong, October 2, 2014
Updated: October 3, 2014 00:49 IST
Hong Kong leader offers talks with protesters
AP
AP Police react to being pressed by pro-democracy student protesters, outside of the Chief Executive office in the government complex in Hong Kong, Thursday, Oct. 2, 2014.
TOPICS
demonstration
Student leaders of the protests did not immediately respond to the announcement by Chief Executive Leung Chun—ying. A wider pro-democracy group that joined the mass protests, Occupy Central, welcomed the talks but insisted that Leung still should resign.
Occupy Central “hopes the talks can provide a turning point in the current political stalemate,” it said in a statement. “However, we reiterate our view that Chief Executive Leung Chun—ying is the one responsible for the stalemate, and that he must step down.”
Leung made his comments at a news conference just minutes before a deadline that had been set by the protesters for him to quit.
“I will not resign,” he said.
Leung asked the territory’s top civil servant, Chief Secretary Carrie Lam, to arrange the talks.
Lam, standing beside Leung, said she would seek to meet with student leaders of the protests as soon as possible.
“I hope both sides will be satisfied,” she said. “Students had wanted a public meeting but I hope that we can have some flexibility to discuss details.”
The protesters want Beijing to reverse its decision that all candidates in an inaugural 2017 election for chief executive must be approved by a committee of mostly pro—Beijing elites. They say China is reneging on its promise that the city’s top leader will be chosen through “universal suffrage.”
Before Leung’s announcement, the heads of two major universities whose students joined in launching the protests appeared before a jittery crowd massed in front of the entrance to the leader’s office and appealed for calm.
Afterward, the atmosphere was palpably calmer, but many protesters expressed disappointment.
“They didn’t mention anything about when they are going to talk, no details, nothing,” said Joanna Wong, 28, who works in the aviation industry. Wong said she would stay at the protest site to see how the student groups react to the announcement.
Marketing professional Heiman Chan, 25, said the talks should take place right away.
“If we need to wait two or three days, the crowd will become smaller and there will be fewer people to support this movement,” she said. “That’s why the government just keeps us waiting.”
Earlier in the day, police brought in supplies of tear gas and other riot gear, and the protesters prepared face masks and goggles as tensions rose in the standoff outside the imposing government compound near the waterfront.
Police warned of serious consequences if the protesters tried to surround or occupy government buildings, as they had threatened to do if Leung didn’t resign by the end of Thursday.
Leung said shortly before midnight that the authorities would continue to tolerate the protests as long as participants did not charge police lines, but urged them to stop their occupation of much of the downtown area.
“I urge students not to charge into or occupy government buildings. ... It’s not about my personal inconvenience,” he said. “These few days the protesters’ occupation of key areas of the city has already seriously affected Hong Kong’s economy, people’s daily lives and government functioning.”
The People’s Daily, published by China’s ruling Communist Party, warned in a commentary Thursday of “chaos” in the city of 7 million and expressed strong support for Leung.
It said the central government firmly backed the Hong Kong police who were criticized for using tear gas against protesters last weekend “to handle illegal activities in accordance with the law.”
Ivy Chan, a 25—year—old social worker, said she hoped the proposed talks would yield results and that tear gas wouldn’t be used again.
“What we want to fight for is our freedom, and the free nomination of candidates for our chief executive,” she said.

Popular on Amazon: Wildly misleading self-published books about Ebola  by random people without medical degreesBy Caitlin Dewey October 2 Follow @caitlindewey
Some of the self-published Ebola books in the Kindle store. (Amazon.com)
In the past 90 days, some 84 people have self-published Ebola e-books on Amazon, almost half of them in the past month alone. Many of them are popular, crawling their way up the bestsellers’ list to sit atop categories, such as health and medicine. Many of them are well-reviewed by their readers, who vow to buy Hazmat suits or start vitamins based on what they’ve read. And many of the books — almost all of them, in fact — contain information that’s either wildly misleading or flat-out wrong.
Welcome to the unscrupulous, conspiracy-filled Wild West of Ebola self-publishing, where an epidemic is less a grave social problem — and more an opportunity to cash in on people’s fears.
“Warning: Ebola could kill 4.1 billion people over the next 24 months!” exclaims the blurb for “Ebola Survival Guide 2015,” currently one of Amazon’s top books on infectious disease. “What you read may in fact save your life or the lives of your friends and families [...] This book may save your life!”
(Amazon.com)
Most people know Amazon as the “Everything Store,” a seller of other companies’ books, tools and household products. But Amazon also maintains a flourishing side enterprise in self-publishing, where anyone and everyone can write an e-book, drop it in a PDF, and upload it to the Kindle Store.
Like clockwork, the entrepreneurial masses churn out new “guides” every time a tragedy or epidemic strikes. (Try searching “ISIS” or “Boston bombing” in the Amazon Kindle store.) But the phenomenon never been quite so pronounced as it is now, perhaps because Ebola’s the first epidemic of the social media age, or perhaps because enough rumor and misinformation are out there that people are willing to turn to anything for aid. Including, apparently, books about infectious disease written by authors who openly admit that they aren’t doctors and aren’t technically qualified to give medical advice.
One book, currently one of Amazon’s best-selling books across the entire medical category — e-books and print — suggests that Ebola will almost definitely become an American epidemic and that only people who stockpile supplies will survive.
Another top seller among books on viral disease recommends readers buy Hazmat suits and rubber gloves. It opens with a Bible quote about the end of the world.
(Amazon.com)
“The Ebola Pandemic,” by one Alex Anderson, claims that vitamins can help prevent the spread of the disease.
And the “Ebola Survival Guide 2015” — perhaps one of the more outlandish of the bunch — not only claims that half the people on the planet will die of Ebola by 2016, but that 90 percent of the disease’s victims perish from internal bleeding. None of these claims are true.
Of course, the spread of gross misinformation online is nothing new: On social media and conspiracy Web sites and far-out forums, people can advance literally whatever theories they’d like. The phenomenon is so widespread, in fact, that we devote a weekly column to it.
But the twist with Ebola is that misinformation can be deadly. Both the World Health Organization and the United Nations have said it’s contributed to the spread of the disease. In fact, per the WHO , one of the most persistent obstacles to fighting Ebola is “rumors on social media claiming that certain products or practices can prevent or cure” it — when in fact, they can’t.
(Amazon.com)
Amazon’s self-publishing arm doesn’t tend to take an activist stance on these things; while the site has guidelines for authors, they only prohibit content that’s pornographic or illegal. And while the site does reserve the right to pull self-published books from the store at its discretion, it appears they’ve let a lot of other questionable material stand, including guides to selling illegal drugs and building improvised explosives. (Amazon did not respond to requests for comment.)
And why shouldn’t they, honestly? Fear-mongering seems to be profitable. While there is no breakdown of numbers on this sub-section of e-books, many of them are on best-seller lists. And on Amazon, self-published e-book authors receive between 35 and 70 percent of the list price on each book sale. Meanwhile, Amazon pockets the other 30 to 65 percent for itself. (We’re not talking loose change, either: E-books are a $3 billion industry, and according to one estimate, nearly a third of Amazon’s e-book sales come from self-published authors.)
So it seems that, for the time being, authors, such as Steve King and Alex Anderson, will continue to wrack up royalties from their panic-inducing PDFs. And gullible readers, of whom there could be thousands, will continue to fall for their dangerous shtick.
“I was literally shocked as a I read the pages of this book,” one reviewer wrote. “I hadn’t realized that we were so much at risk.”
Disclaimer: Amazon.com chief executive Jeffrey P. Bezos owns The Washington Post.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

http://usat.ly/1rAtT9ZWho’s to blame for the stock market’s lousy October? | America's Markets
Foreigners, that’s who. U.S. corporations are actually in pretty good shape.
Post to Facebook
Who’s to blame for the stock market’s lousy October? | America's Markets Foreigners, that’s who. U.S. corporations are actually in pretty good shape. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1x3zoxl
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Who’s to blame for the stock market’s lousy October? | America's Markets
Video Keywords Interest rates money market funds individual tax rates hedge funds Ebola Midas mutual funds Mark Twain Liberia Hong Kong Europe China
Foreigners, that’s who. U.S. corporations are actually in pretty good shape. (America's Markets, USA TODAY)
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:05  As Americans we like to know whose fault it is
00:08  when stocks are falling banks hedge funds mutual funds well. This
00:12  time we can proudly point to the real culprit. Foreigners I'm
00:16  John Wagoner and this is America's markets. Corporate America is the
00:20  healthiest it has been in decades. Companies are sitting on enough
00:24  cash to meet king Midas like and the balance sheets at
00:26  the lowest level of debt to earnings in 24 years. Interest
00:30  rates are low individual tax rates are low and there's little
00:33  pressure from wages. But the rest of the world as a
00:36  wreck Europe seems to be headed for a triple dip deflationary
00:39  recession. And China Europe's largest trading partner is seeing diminishing economic
00:44  growth and housing collapse that like ours could take years to
00:47  unwind. China is also facing massive demonstrations and Hong Kong one
00:52  of its key stock markets and ports. These things rarely end
00:55  well but corporations also rarely boycott the Chinese for their repression
00:59  of their own people. And what about Ebola. It's gonna put
01:02  a real cramp on -- the Liberia but he -- is
01:05  difficult to transmit especially in areas with a functioning health care
01:08  system it probably won't be a major stock killer. October is
01:12  a peculiarly dangerous month for stocks but so -- the other
01:15  eleven months is Mark Twain once said. If you're a thoughtful
01:18  investor. You'll look to make sure that you're diversified across stocks
01:21  bonds and money market funds and grumble about those darn foreigners
01:25  if your professional well the panic. That's what they do best.
More Videos:

Unaccounted cash deposits  witness testimonies nailed JayaPrint
In the course of the examination of witnesses, the court learnt that the unaccounted cash deposits could be directly traced to Jayalalithaa.
Written by Johnson T A | Bangalore | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:37 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 5:49 pm
As many as 423 deposits of unaccounted cash between July 1991 and April 1996 in a bank account linked to her company, over 1,000 similar deposits in the bank accounts of three of her aides and their firms, and witness accounts that the deposits were done by her personal staff nailed former Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa in the Rs 53.60 crore illegal assets case, according to the September 27 judgment of a special court in Bangalore.
Tracing the path of more than 1,000 unaccounted cash deposits in over a dozen bank accounts held by Jayalalithaa and her associates V K Sasikala, V N Sudhakaran and J Illavarasi, and the use of the cash to buy land, buildings and jewellery, the court concluded that the wealth earned illegally by Jayalalithaa was at the root of the wealth accumulation by her aides. Jayalalithaa and her associates were sentenced to four years in jail. A fine of Rs 100 crore was also imposed on Jayalalithaa.
One of the most damning pieces of evidence against her, according to the judgment of special judge John Michael Cunha, came in the form of 423 unaccounted cash deposits in current account number 1952 in the Mylapore branch of Canara Bank. This account was in the name of a newspaper, Namadhu MGR, operated by Jaya Publications in which Jayalalithaa and Sasikala were partners.
Nearly Rs 14 crore in unaccounted cash was deposited in this account between 1991 and 1996 during Jayalalithaa’s first tenure as chief minister. Similarly, 31 unaccounted cash deposits were traced to an account held by Jaya Publications, over 300 deposits to half a dozen firms run by Sasikala and her nephew that was used in buying nearly 3,000 acres of land in the period. “The accused have failed to offer any satisfactory explanation as to the enormous unexplained credits that entered into their bank accounts,” the judgment, accessed by The Indian Express, said.
In the course of the examination of witnesses, the court learnt that the unaccounted cash deposits could be directly traced to Jayalalithaa. “It is proved in evidence that all the remittances into the various bank accounts referred above were made by one Ram Vijayan and Jayaraman, the staff of A-1 (Jayalalithaa) working in her house at Poes Garden at the relevant point of time,” the court said in its 1,136-page verdict.
“Jayaraman has categorically stated that Mr. Vijayan used to deposit the money given to them in the names of the companies mentioned by A-2 (Sasikala) in Canara Bank, Mylapore branch and Indian Bank, Abirampuram branch. He has specifically stated that Smt. Sasikala used to instruct him about the details of the bank to which the deposit should be credited and she used to send the amount either in suitcases or bags through domestic servants,” it said. Officers at the banks who continued…

A toilet that doesnt require a sewerage systemPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:36 am
Pledging to provide toilets in every household of the country, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday inaugurated an eco-friendly public toilet in front of Valmiki Sadan, one of the venues from where the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan was launched.
The bio-digester toilet is going to change the face of rural and urban India, Mukesh Sakhuja, MD, Grandeur Business Solutions Pvt Ltd, said of the toilet built with Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) technology.
“It is a sustainable and affordable option to open defecation and is able to dispose human waste in 100 per cent eco-friendly manner. It is maintenance free and efficient without depending on conventional energy sources. And, it does not even require any sewage system,” he said. “They don’t require any cleaning or emptying the tank because of its unique systematic structural arrangements.”
Sakhuja said the toilet had been built as an eco-friendly project for the National Building Corporation Ltd promoting the Clean India campaign.
The toilet can be constructed at hilltops, glaciers, in villages and on riverbanks, Col (retd) Girish Mediratta, a director in the company, said.
Aditya Sakhuja, also a director, said 90 per cent of the rural and 30 per cent of the urban population still defecate in the open due to non-availability of adequate toilets. “This is ideal for both urban and rural areas, where the sewerage system does not exist or does not have an effective reach,” he said.

Bank unions stay away from Swachh Bharat pledgePrint
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:33 am
Bank unions decided to defy the Prime Minister’s call on taking the ‘Swachh Bharat’ mission pledge on Thursday morning.
In separate communications to their members, all the eight major bank unions called upon employees and officers to not attend office on Thursday, a public holiday.
The United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU), in its communication to members, said: “We learn that in some banks officers / employees are being directed to attend office tomorrow at 9 AM for pledge taking. Since Swachh Bharat is a voluntary mission, it cannot be forced on anyone that too during festive holidays. Hence we call upon our units that employees / officers need not attend office tomorrow. Be guided accordingly.”
The All India Bank Officers’ Confederation or AIBOC echoed the stance, with a missive from its general secretary to members stating that the confederation “calls upon all its members not to come to their offices on national holiday but join in taking oath through electronic /s ocial media… as we support the objective of the movement and extend full support but are against the way it is being implemented”.
CH Venkatachalam, general secretary of the All India Bank Employees Association (AIBEA), the largest and oldest trade union of bank employees in the country, said: “Nobody can be compelled to come to office and take the pledge on a national holiday. If people want to take oath they can take it through social media.”
When contacted on the issue, a Central Bank of India spokesperson said that while officers attended in good numbers, the absence of some of the employees was because of the long weekend. “We saw a good attendance and there were around 150-200 employees who attended the pledge at our central office,” he said.

WhatsApp takes candidate to voters screenWhatsApp takes candidate to voter’s screen
Written by Sandeep A Ashar | Sangli |       October 3, 2014 8:40 am
Comments
A remixed version of the Slumdog Millionaire song Jai Ho praises the development work carried out by former NCP minister R R Patil. It plays out on mobile phones as one travels through western Maharashtra’s Tasgaon-Kavathemahankal constituency, where Patil is contesting again. Another song being circulated is modelled on a number from Partner, Chori Ke Nakhre Sone Lag De, again celebrating Patil’s achievements in development.
In Karad South where former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan is contesting, a two-minute WhatsApp video promotes him as the “ambassador of the constituency’s development”. Also in circulation is Jayant Jai Ho, showcasing the work carried out by the NCP’s Jayant Patil in his Islampur seat.
With days left for campaigning, and lots of voters to address, traditional methods have given way to digital tools. It’s a trend that has caught on largely because of Narendra Modi’s digital campaign in the Lok Sabha elections, admits NCP candidate Shashikant Shinde, who too is using songs and videos in Koregaon.
Patan’s Shiv Sena candidate Shambhuraj Desai has had a song composed to the tune of a well-known number from the Marathi film Fandry, to hit out at opponent NCP candidate Satyajit Patankar. It is one of several hit songs Desai’s supporters has made use of to reach out to voters.
Jayant Patil said he has had videos customised to highlight his work, and these are being circulated in various pockets through WhatsApp.
“The idea is to reach out to as many voters as possible in the limited time available. Mobile phones are now accessible to voters in the remotest of areas,” a Congress leader said.
Voters are not complaining either. “Traditional rallies are long and often boring. This is much more effective,” said Patan’s Bhagyashree Jadhav, 28.
Shashikant Shinde said his party has also asked its candidates to focus on door-to-door campaigns. One innovation has had leaders such as Shambhuraj addressing election meetings inside the homes of villagers. Hand pamphlets are being circulated among voters. “In a multicornered contest, a few votes can be the difference between victory and defeat,” Shinde said.
In yet another sign of change, cars such as the Renault and Duster are rapidly replacing jeeps.

Can Microsofts new Windows score a perfect 10Can Microsoft Corporation's new Windows score a perfect 10?
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 02, 2014
First Published: 23:12 IST(2/10/2014) | Last Updated: 02:22 IST(3/10/2014)
Comments
Microsoft is putting up a brave face after its latest edition of office software, Windows 10, drew mixed response in the first 24 hours of its unveiling.
The Windows 10 Global Technical Preview was on Wednesday, and initial reports in blogs and social networking sites were not encouraging, but Microsoft expressed confidence that the product would get positive global feedback once more people get to try it.
“It is just about 24 hours…Tech Preview is designed for PC experts who are comfortable downloading unfinished software,” said a Microsoft spokesperson in India. “We expect the participation of more global users to provide the most robust set of feedback we’ve ever had.”
Mark Hachman at PC World commented: “The Start menu isn’t an overtly pro-business element, and neither are the windowed apps, virtual desktops, or the nifty Snap Assist tools. That would be like saying mouse support is strictly for businesses.”
Windows 10 is important for Microsoft as its current offering, Windows 8, is marred by low user acceptance and glitches that update patches were unable to address. Some common complaints were the new Start screen, Internet Explorer requiring frequent refreshes, excessive backing up of files that filled up hard disks with redundant files, and issues in upgrading from Windows 7.
“Devices using Window have evolved, are evolving, the challenge is to meet not only the demands of existing forms of devices but also those evolving,” Vineet Durani, director, Windows business group, Microsoft India, told HT.
Market analysts are optimistic. “Microsoft has tried to balance the demands of different users by focusing on overhauling the new operating system in terms of adaptability across various devices,” said Sandeep Ladda, India Technology leader, PwC. “The return of the popular Start menu, and addition of innovative features such as Multiple Desktops, Snap View and Universal App Store are likely to bring momentum.”
The software variant for mobile devices has not been unveiled yet. “We will have more to share on the Windows experience for mobile devices at a later date,” a Microsoft India spokesperson said.

As Small Businesses  Confidence Rises  So May Wages
Pisani: Market turnaround about European close
A subsidized housing smoking ban could save half a billion dollars a yearBy Niraj Chokshi October 2 Follow @NirajC
(Christoph Schmidt/EPA)
Smoking isn’t just expensive for smokers: The costs associated with the habit in subsidized housing approach nearly half a billion dollars annually.
Nearly $497 million could be saved every year if smoking were universally banned in subsidized and public housing, according to a new study by a team of National Centers for Disease Control and Prevention researchers. That policy — already in effect in some subsidized housing — would yield huge annual savings to taxpayers, employers, the federal government, state governments and others.
The savings would be largest in New York, where an annual $125 million would be saved, as the interactive below shows. (The state happens to be home to about 15 percent of all subsidized housing residents.) Wyoming, with its small general population, would see the smallest amount saved: $580,000 annually.
Savings would come from multiple sources and be enjoyed by multiple groups, the CDC researchers wrote in their peer-reviewed study. To determine the overall savings, they estimated how much would be saved in each state from health care related to secondhand-smoke inhalation, renovation of smoke-damaged units and fires caused by smoking.
The groups most likely to benefit from the health care savings are primarily taxpayers, employers and state or federal governments, the authors write. Renovation and fire cost savings would generally go to property owners or housing authorities and insurance carriers. In 41 states, health care costs from secondhand smoke inhalation represented the largest costs incurred. In eight states, however, renovation costs were larger.
Such bans aren’t unprecedented: As of October 2013, more than 300 public housing authorities had banned smoking, with more and more owners and managers of multi-unit housing doing the same on their own. In Maine, a ban was in place for all 20 authorities, generating roughly $1.09 million in annual savings, according to the study.
Of course, there are potential downsides. While some multi-unit housing owners and managers worry that smoking bans would increase turnover or vacancy rates, past experience and research suggest those concerns are overblown. Others worry that low-income people who refuse to accept the smoking ban might be further marginalized by being forced to move somewhere where they can freely smoke at home. But, the report’s authors argue, the positives outweigh the negatives.
“[O]n balance, these policies actually have the potential to considerably reduce health disparities and the associated costs of secondhand smoke exposure across states, particularly considering the higher rates of secondhand smoke exposure among populations that traditionally comprise a large portion of subsidized housing, including children, racial/ethnic minorities, and residents of low socioeconomic status,” they write.
The authors conclude by listing limitations to their analysis, several of which suggest their estimate is a conservative one. They failed to consider all the costs of smoking, such as its effect on long-term health care costs, lost productivity from the sicknesses smoking can induce, or benefits to smokers who quit. Health care cost estimates were sharply focused on conditions linked to secondhand-smoke exposure in a 2006 surgeon general’s report. Newer or weaker linkages were left out. They also failed to account for individuals who live in the same building as subsidized housing residents but whose own housing is not subsidized. Finally, they write, they didn’t consider the— likely cheap — costs associated with implementing such policies, including educating residents on them.
Here’s a look at a sample calculation used to estimate cost savings associated with a smoking ban in subsidized housing in New York:
Calculations used to determine costs saved by banning smoking in subsidized housing in New York. (CDC)
Niraj Chokshi reports for GovBeat, The Post's state and local policy blog.

Hong Kongs crossed arms and other gestures of defianceBy Adam Taylor October 2 Follow @mradamtaylor
(Graphic by Alberto Cuarda and photos by Matt McCain / The Washington Post)
When pro-democracy protesters took to the streets of Hong Kong on China's National Day this week, many silently turned their backs as the Chinese flag and the Hong Kong flag were raised. As they did so, they made a symbol with their hands – a simple cross, held above their heads.
Student pro-democracy group Scholarism organizer Joshua Wong (C) makes a gesture at the Flag Raising Ceremony at Golden Bauhinia Square on October 1, 2014 in Hong Kong. (Photo by Anthony Kwan/Getty Images)
These crossed arms, like the umbrellas that earned the movement the nickname the " Umbrella Revolution ," seem to be special feature of Hong Kong's protests, but they follow a familiar pattern. In recent protests as far-apart as Missouri and Bangkok, protesters have used gestures to signal both their defiance of authority and their unity with other protesters.
In the Ferguson protests that erupted over the Summer, for example, many Americans threw their hands up directly above their heads – "Hands up, don't shoot" they would cry, a reference to witness reports that said teenager Michael Brown appeared to be surrendering before he was shot dead by a police officer. (Protesters in Hong Kong have also been seen adopting a similar pose, though whether this is happenstance or mimicry is a matter of debate.)
Other examples abound. In Thai protests earlier this year, protesters copied a three-fingered salute used in hugely popular dystopian book film "Hunger Games" to defy a tyrannical government.
And in the Arab Spring, many protesters used the more familiar two-finger "peace sign," first used to represent victory during World War II and later used by anti-war activists. Later, some in Egypt began to use a four-finger sign, known as the Rabia sign, to protest against Abdel Fatah al-Sissi's ouster of President Mohamed Morsi.
Some protesters have even gone so far as to use hand gestures as language. During the Occupy Wall Street movement, protesters used hand gestures to facilitate collective decision making.
In Hong Kong, however, the crossed arms seem to serve a simpler purpose. "We crossed our arms because we want to express our dissatisfaction toward the government, to reflect our mistrust towards the central Chinese government, and to object to the National People's Congress decision on August 31 [to only allow Beijing-approved candidates in an upcoming election]," student leader Joshua Wong later told CNN .
Adam Taylor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. Originally from London, he studied at the University of Manchester and Columbia University.

Can Microsoft s new Windows score a perfect 10Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

independent  and loving it!Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Argentine ADRs tumble after central bank chief replacedThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

8 IAS officers transferred in Uttar PradeshThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Law ministry views sought on coal blocksThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Has closed at the highest 52 week closing level.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Maharashtra polls: Congress drops Vidarbha statehood from manifestoMaharashtra polls: Congress drops Vidarbha statehood from manifesto
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Oct 03, 2014 12:25 AM IST
In a major turnaround, the Congress decided not to press for a separate Vidarbha state by bifurcating Maharashtra. The controversial issue does not find a place in the party manifesto, released on Thursday.
The party, in its manifesto, says it plans to further empower the Vidarbha Statutory Development Board, set up under section 371 (2) of the Constitution, to approve and sanction various development projects in the region.
The Congress, which had severed its ties with the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), did not want to rake up the controversial issue, especially after the Lok Sabha poll debacle. The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-Shiv Sena combine had swept the region, which used to be a Congress stronghold.
The Congress’ move comes after the Shiv Sena went hammer and tongs at the demand for Maharashtra's bifurcation.  The BJP and NCP have announced their support to the statehood demand.  
The manifesto promised to provide free tablets to below poverty line students (who have at least passed ninth standard), free education to girls and women up to graduation in any of the streams. It proposes to launch an insurance scheme for the common man and set up a government medical college in each district.
To win over denotified and nomadic tribes, the Congress proposes to earmark five per cent budgetary provision for their development.
On the contentious issue of toll collection, the Congress said it would close five toll plazas at Mumbai entry points. The management of flyovers and roads in Mumbai will be entrusted to the Mumbai Corporation.
Former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said the Congress-led government has recently closed down over 43 toll plazas in the state.
Also, the party promises to take up cluster development, which has been approved in island city of Mumbai, in Mumbai suburbs and Thane district. Flats of 500 sq ft will be provided under the Dharavi and BDD redevelopment schemes.
Chavan said a permanent fund of Rs 500 crore will be made for the benefit of drought-pone districts. A separate TV channel titled “Krishi Darshan'' will be launched for the benefit of farmers.
The party promised to provide a soft loan of up to Rs 1 lakh to deserving candidates from Muslim community, under the Bharat Ratna Rajiv Gandhi Sadbhavana Yojana with a provision of repayment in easy installments.

5 Ways to Save Big on Car InsuranceAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Goodbye  Motown. Cadillac Moving HQ to NYC
Face-to-Face With Patients in the Ebola WardAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

The right not to believeFreedom of religion and conscience includes the freedom not to believe. And given the fundamental right to freedom of speech, a person is allowed to say she is an atheist.
Posted: October 2, 2014 1:14 am
In 2009, a young couple in Mumbai, Aditi and Aalif, decided that they would not impose a religion on their child. But the municipal corporation refused to give them a birth certificate till they filled in the column on religion. There were four options: Hindu, Muslim, Christian and “other”. There was no “no religion”. Ultimately, they ticked “other”.
The Bombay High Court recently held that government authorities cannot compel a citizen to disclose her religion. Ranjeet Mohite and the others who filed the case belong to a registered organisation, the Full Gospel Church of God, which believes in the existence of Jesus but not in any religion. They argued that they should be allowed to say they have no religion on forms.
Religion is not just theistic, the court observed. Jainism and Buddhism, for instance, do not believe in a supreme being. Freedom of religion and conscience includes the freedom not to believe. And given the fundamental right to freedom of speech and expression, a person is allowed to say she is an atheist. The state is secular and has no religion. It cannot, therefore, compel citizens to fit into one religion or the other.
Based on this analysis, the court issued a direction to the state and the Centre not to compel individuals to declare or specify their religion. It also declared that every individual has a right to claim she does not belong to any religion. On the face of it, the judgment seems to state the obvious. But the relevance and importance of court rulings can only be realised by looking at the socio-political context.
Thomas Jefferson famously said, “The legitimate powers of government extend to such acts only as are injurious to others. But it does me no injury for my neighbour to say there are 20 gods or no god. It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg.” But then he may have been an optimist.
A 2011 survey found that 2.2 billion people worldwide followed Christianity, followed by 1.6 billion who believed in Islam. The next largest group, 1.1 billion people, comprised atheists and agnostics as well as those who were spiritual but did not believe in organised religion. People who believe in “no religion” are not a small minority.
Historically, Indian secularism has been contested terrain. Internationally, there is no agreed-on version of secularism. In the US, for instance, students are allowed to display religious symbols, but France prohibits this in public schools. Turkey has gone a step further and prohibits the display of religious symbols in all educational institutions, public and private. There are no pan-India rules on continued…

A sarkari campaign about usPrime Minister Narendra Modi will launch on October 2 the abhiyan that would involve all citizens — from government functionaries and officials to school and college students. Source: Express
Written by Yogendra Yadav | Posted: October 2, 2014 12:26 am
The real question is not why government wants to push the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, but what it wants to pack into this campaign and how it will approach the issue.
I called Raavanji and Bezwada Wilson to see what they thought of the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan to be launched today on Gandhi Jayanti. Raavanji or Darshan Ratna “Raavan” has started a socio-religious movement, the Adi-Dharma Samaj. Aimed at drawing the next generation of scavenging communities away from this degrading occupation, it has done pioneering work to spread awareness about education and deaddiction. Wilson Bezwada, also from a safai karmachari family like Raavanji, started the Safai Karmachari Andolan, the organisation that spearheads the campaign to eradicate manual scavenging. Over the years, they have guided me in thinking about the life and livelihood of communities engaged in scavenging.
Both of them were unimpressed with the official Swachh Abhiyan. “This is just a recycled version of the UPA’s Nirmal Bharat campaign,” said Wilson. He thought it was about the manufacturers (who build toilets) and customers (who use facilities), not about service providers (who do the cleaning). Raavanji was peeved at the choice of a Valmiki colony to launch the campaign. “This is yet another way of stigmatising the community and reaffirming its connection to this degrading occupation”, he said.
But I did not fully share their scepticism. Activists tend to be overcritical. When the prime minister spoke from the Red Fort about the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and the need for toilets for girls, it resonated with many Indians like me. At long last, a PM was talking about a real, mundane problem that affects peoples’ everyday lives. Granted, every sarkari function has a degree of tamasha and farce built into it. Yet, a campaign like this one can serve to focus on an issue that badly needed national attention. The sight of a national political leader picking up a broom can be empowering and liberating. So, the real question is not why the government wants to push the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan. The real question is what the government wants to pack into this campaign, and how it is going to approach this issue.
For this campaign to be effective, the issue of cleanliness has to be approached differently. It must not be cleanliness just for you and me, the middle-class consumers of civic amenities who encounter dirt as they step out of their homes and gated colonies. The focus must shift to the aam aadmi, who lives and earns a living in highly unhygienic conditions. The focus must also be continued…

The visit  the arrivalI feel the need to do this because of the number of people I have met in the past few days in New York and Washington who have asked how Modi has “such confidence, such sophistication”.
Written by Tavleen Singh | Posted: October 2, 2014 12:37 am
 
In the US, Modi changed India’s image, and his own.
The advantage of being a veteran in journalism is that it enables perspective. So with the privilege this gives me, I am going to examine for you Narendra Modi’s visit to the United States against the backdrop of visits by other Indian prime ministers to foreign lands. I feel the need to do this because of the number of people I have met in the past few days in New York and Washington who have asked how Modi has “such confidence, such sophistication”.
They speak not of the “sophistication” a certain genre of Indian takes pride in that allows them, for instance, to tell the difference between a Louis Vuitton bag and a Gucci. Nor of the kind of confidence that makes this same genre of Indian proud of speaking English perfectly while being unable to speak their own mother tongue. In the Modi context, what people mean by sophistication is the confidence with which he has dealt with complicated international issues on this visit. And, the confidence with which he has spoken of India’s flaws. The absence of toilets and sanitation, the filthy streets of our cities and the horrible pollution in our rivers.
“When people ask me what my vision is, I tell them I am just a chaiwallah, a small man who can only think of small things,” he said to thunderous applause in Madison Square Gardens. He then added that what he did know was that he wanted to do big things for small people. He listed his “safai abhiyan” and his determination to clean the Ganga among these big things. And, as I listened I thought of how different his language is to that of earlier prime ministers who spent their visits to foreign countries pretending that India had no flaws.
From the time of Jawaharlal Nehru, they came to foreign capital cities and saw wide avenues and dazzling monuments and either from shame or false pride, reminded their hosts of India’s “ancient civilisation”, as if this compensated for her modern squalor. When they came back to India they did nothing to change the things that really matter. They did not build the roads or the sewage systems or ensure that our cities looked like real cities and not endless, ugly shanties. But, they were feted and honoured for holding “India’s head high in the comity of nations”. This was a remark Pupul Jayakar famously made about Indira Gandhi, but it was made of other prime ministers continued…
It is ironic that India’s least educated, most provincial prime minister has done more to change the way the world looks at India than his educated, ‘sophisticated’ predecessors.

Telecom sector to create 40 lakh jobs in 5 ...Jobs
(According to component…)
NEW DELHI: India's telecom industry is expected to generate 40 lakh new jobs in the next five years, spurred by growing potential in rural markets and rising Internet penetration, say experts.
The bullish expectations come at a time when the government is making efforts to connect all 2.5 lakh village panchayats with high speed broadband network.
According to experts, surge in demand would be seen for skilled technicians, engineers, installation and maintenance service providers, sales, marketing, HR, in the sector.
"The telecom sector has been growing aggressive at an average for 35 per cent a year for close to two decades.Though the boom period of this sector is over, it continues to be a large job creator," Randstad India CEO K Uppaluri said.
Going by Randstad estimates, this sector is likely to create about 40 lakh direct and indirect jobs over the next 5 years "fueled by increased penetration into rural markets as well as growth of mobile Internet and broadband services".
According to component manufacturer TE Connectivity , the sector has been one of the largest employers in the last decade and would need around 2.75 lakh people by 2015.
"The challenge will be to get the right talent," TE Connectivity India India & SAARC Network Solutions Director K K Shetty said.
"Once the bandwidth comes into place and digitalisation takes over, we will see substantial employment opportunities in content provider industry and related services industry," Shetty added.
Experts also opined that making more spectrum available and rationalisation of tariffs, among others, would help in boosting the sector.
"The overall challenges faced by telecom sector currently are -- technology upgradation, network upgradation and availability of sufficient spectrum," Deloitte Haskins and Sells Partner Hemant Joshi said.
Observing that the telecom sector has lost decades in R&D and technology innovations, Joshi said various measures were required to address these challenges.
These include partnership between public and private organisations, setting up world class R&D and testing labs, access to low cost funds and skilling college graduates.
Lighthouse Partners Managing Partner Rajiv Burman said, "more spectrum being made available by the government by getting defence establishment to relinquish the huge amounts they are sitting on, will give a fillip to growth of mobile telephony and increase the demand for telecom gear".
Spectrum Talent Management Director Sidharth Agarwal noted that "more innovation and newer line of products and services are the only ways to augment business in the sector, thereby boosting hiring on an overall basis".
Meanwhile, Uppaluri said that with the increased adoption of technology "where professionals will have to re-skill to take up roles and move up the value chain".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Police want back doors in smartphones  but you never know who else will open themBy Craig Timberg October 2 Follow @craigtimberg
Attorney General Eric Holder (AP Photo/Molly Riley)
The government’s increasingly loud complaints about Apple and Google’s tough new forms of smartphone encryption have sidestepped a crucial fact: The same security measures that make it hard for police to get into electronic devices also deters other – be they foreign governments, business rivals or creepy guys looking to steal your photos and post them on the Internet.
In other words, it’s not technically possible to build a backdoor for the FBI without weakening a smartphone’s security in fundamental ways. Doors are made to be opened, and once they’re built, you never know who might find a way to get in.
Such is the consensus view of security experts. And to hear them tell it, the reality of backdoors is even worse than it may seem at first glance.
Imagine a house made entirely of bricks, with no doors or window. It’s as secure as it will ever be. Now cut a hole into the bricks and install a door. No matter how thick the door or tough the lock, the house is now more vulnerable to intrusion in at least three ways: The door can be battered down. The keys can be stolen. And all the things that make doors work – the hinges, the lock, the door jamb – become targets for attackers. They need to defeat only one to make the whole system fail.
Add to that the inherent bugginess of computer code, and you’ve got a recipe for insecurity.
“You’re certainly weaker than if you hadn’t built the door before,” said Johns Hopkins cryptology expert Matthew Green. “We don’t know how to write perfect code.”
This debate was touched off by Apple and Google's announcements last month that their newest mobile operating systems, available on the latest iPhones, iPads and Android devices, will automatically protect user data with forms of encryption that the companies are unable to unlock for police – even when they have valid search warrants.
The backlash from law enforcement was immediate and fierce, reaching the point where Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. this week publicly urged companies to leave back doors in their devices to protect children from kidnappers and sexual predators. “It is fully possible to permit law enforcement to do its job while still adequately protecting personal privacy,” he said.
Holder’s statement begged the question of what “adequately” means. Because, security experts agree, there is a clear tradeoff: More law enforcement access means less security and, as a result, less privacy.
“It’s not just that somebody is going to use the same back door that law enforcement uses,” said Matthew Blaze, a University of Pennsylvania cryptology expert. “It’s that introducing the back door is very likely to either introduce or exacerbate a flaw in the software.”
The past couple of years have underscored just how flawed software often is. Target, Home Depot, Neiman Marcus and their tens of millions of customers found that out the hard way, as did dozens of Hollywood celebrities who had their intimate personal photos stolen by criminals who reportedly used a hacking tool marketed largely to police worldwide.
The point is that hackers – whether they be creeps, spies or insomniac college students -- are inherently clever and relentless. They find the weakest spots and create holes. Back doors provide natural targets for their energies.
“People are starting to be sensitized that there is a right way and a wrong way to do data security,” said Jennifer Granick, director of civil liberties at the Stanford Center for Internet and Society. “We’ve been doing it the wrong way.”
For privacy activists such as Granick, the smartphone encryption debate carries echoes of the fight over the “Clipper Chip,” a Clinton administration idea pushed by the National Security Agency. The chip was an encryption device that would also have provided the government with a backdoor to telecommunications systems, making interception of calls much easier.
The effort eventually failed amid political opposition but not before Blaze – the University of Pennsylvania researcher quoted above – discovered that the “Clipper Chip” produced by the NSA had crucial security flaws. It turned out to be a back door that a skilled hacker could easily break through.
Have more to say about this topic? Join us today for our weekly Friday live chat, Switchback. We'll kick things off at 11 a.m. Eastern time. You can submit your questions now,  right here .
Craig Timberg is a national technology reporter for The Post.

You re Not Going to Get Away With Itreddit
I find it truly astounding that -- at a time when nearly everyone carries a device that can capture video, photos and audio, and then instantly upload that content online -- so many organizations still talk about transparency as if it is somehow optional.
Or worse, aspirational.
Because as worn out as the term has become, here is what transparency really means: You're not going to get away with it. So you better get in front of it.
Corporate communications leaders -- and any agency that serves as their buttress or proxy -- must recognize that they are not doing themselves, their organizations or their clients any favors by perpetuating the delusion that serious breaches of ethics or standards will never come to light.
Everybody has a cell phone. Every public space has security cameras. Every service provider and server reveals the email trail.
Whatever you think you can make go away -- whether it is as deathly serious as the recent, deplorable high-profile cases of violence by professional athletes against women and children, and sexual abuse and harassment in the military and on campus; or just the gross-out health violations of disgruntled teenagers at fast food restaurants -- is eventually going to go public, in a big way.
Unfortunately, to far too many communications professionals, the call for greater transparency really means reveal as little as possible as slowly as possible, and serve it up with a tall, watery mea-culpa of crocodile tears.
But a lack of transparency is not what causes these problems. To think it does is to conflate the actions with what are often their very just ramifications.
The real problem is a serious lack of accountability -- and all the professional, and even civic, ethics that comprise it at the individual and organizational levels. And that is what brands and businesses should be calling for, not transparency after a lack of accountability has been revealed.
Accountability is vigilant. It doesn't simply promote or profess core values and standards as some sort of empty branding exercise -- or worse, the hollow promises of a crisis communications plan. It enforces them, clearly and consistently, at all levels.
When organizations foster a culture of accountability, they take action. Real action -- not spin. That is the role -- and definition -- of true, effective and strategic communications counsel: Advising on and conveying the significant and impactful steps that will strengthen a brand or business -- both internally and in the assessments of their stakeholders.
If organizations have the courage and consistency to establish a culture of accountability, not only will transparency naturally flow from it -- so will the deeper consumer connection that halos a brand through success and adversity alike.
Think of any number of recent crises, and imagine how dramatically different the reaction to them would have been if the organizations involved had broken the news themselves, with detailed and concrete strategies to tackle the underlying issues. People's ability to accept and forgive is at times stupefying and at times inspiring. But what they will not tolerate is deception, obfuscation and hypocrisy. Especially when the graphic refutations are playing in a near constant loop on screens, large and small, all around them.
Does this present a challenge to communications professionals? Yes, and an especially serious ones for those who cling to wishful thinking -- or sling it to their clients. But it presents an even greater opportunity for organizations everywhere to assess their core values and standards -- and then take the consistent, necessary steps to truly live up to them. Not only will they become a stronger and more successful organization, they will also create a safer and healthier environment for all the people they employ and impact.
Today's business, brand and communications leaders have a choice: They can take these steps privately and internally to better their organizations. Or they can take them under the glaring, harsh spotlight of an angry, and highly connected, global audience.
More:

MIT  Twitter team up on $10 mn social media ...You are here: Home > Collections > Technology
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Twitter team up on $10 million social media project
AP Oct 2, 2014, 09.47PM IST
Tags:
Laboratory for Social Machines
(As part of 5-yr partnership,…)
CAMBRIDGE: The Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Twitter are teaming up on a $10 million project to better understand social networks and figure out new ways to benefit from them.
As part of the five-year partnership, Twitter will provide full access to its real-time, public stream of tweets, as well as the archive of every tweet ever posted.
The new Laboratory for Social Machines based at MIT's Media Lab will focus on the development of new technologies to make sense of patterns across the broad span of public mass media and social media - and not just Twitter.
The goal is not just to understand how people think and use social media but also to understand how networks can be used to increase accountability and transparency and understand public opinion.
FEATURED ARTICLES

What s the Holdup Why We Don t Have an Ebola Vaccine
Can a Tiny Habit Shape Your Successreddit
Ever stumble across a great idea or a new way to show up and be more effective in your career, and promise yourself: "I'll get to trying that when .."?
Unfortunately far more times than I'd care to confess I've found reasons to put off making the positive changes that I know might really help me show up, shine and succeed in my career.  Despite my best intentions, I get distracted, life interrupts me, I become too busy and the very idea of trying to do one more thing -- even if it made it more efficient and effective in the long run -- is completely overwhelming.
"While many people talk about behavior change as being hard. It's actually not hard if you do it in the right way, by creating tiny habits," explained BJ Fogg, an experimental psychologist at Stanford University when I recently interviewed him.
Click here to listen to the podcast.
"Tiny habits help you scale back bigger behaviors into really small behaviors and sequence them into your life where they can be easily accommodated," said BJ.  "They rely less on willpower and motivation and more on redesigning your life little by little, so over time these small shifts create dramatic results."
Given researchers estimate 40 percent of our days are mere habits -- that's a little more than six hours -- it seems reasonable to hack some of these routines to create the kind of changes we really want to make in our work.
For example, let's say you want to finally read the growing pile of articles and books next to your desk to improve your expertise in a key area of your work. Applying BJ's formula for making small changes you might create a tiny habit by taking the following steps:
Scale back change to something very small - If something is very simple to do you'll need far less motivation to follow through. It'll also help remove all those "too busy right now" excuses and create feelings of success that can be built upon. Rather than trying to get through the whole pile, try setting yourself the goal of reading one page each day to get started.
Design a place for your new behavior - Look for where this really small behavior fits naturally into your working day.  Try to find another activity you already perform regularly, that would be a good match for the new behavior you're trying to create. It might be first thing in the morning when you turn on your computer, or when you stop to eat lunch.
Create a tiny habit recipe - Program your tiny habit so you know exactly what you need to be doing and when you need to do it.  Use this formula to make it easy: After I (insert existing routine), I will (insert new routine).  It might be:  After I turn on my computer at work, I will read one page from the pile.  If the habit isn't working try shrinking the change even further, try an alternative routine to anchor your new habit to and ensure your new routine is well matched to the anchor you've chosen. If you're too focused on answering all your emails in the mornings to enjoy reading a better recipe might be: After I sit down to eat my lunch, I will read one page from the pile.
Celebrate your success - Emotions create habits.  Behaviors are either more automatic or less automatic and the way you shift it along the automaticity scale is through your emotional reactions. When you complete your tiny habit reward yourself with an "Awesome!" or "Good for me!", to affirm to yourself that this a behavior you're proud of.  Of course you're not really celebrating having read just one page, but rather that you're showing up and changing a behavior that you've decided is important.
Build your habit day-by-day - As your habit begins to stick, expand on it as required.  Build the habit a little bit at a time, without compromising your ability to get started each time. Maybe try reading two pages a day, then three pages a day, perhaps even four or five.
What tiny habits might unleash your success at the office?  If you'd like help to walk through this recipe step-by-step visit www.tinyhabit.com and join one of the weekly tiny habit programs or get trained to be a tiny habits coach.
And if you'd like more tested, practical ways to show up, shine and succeed at work, grab this free podcast series from leading thinkers on human flourishing.
This article first appeared on Live Happy Magazine .
Follow Michelle McQuaid on Twitter: www.twitter.com/chellemcquaid
More:

PM s US visit: $41 bn investment commitment positive says FICCIBarack Obama
("Commitment of $41 bn investments…)
NEW DELHI: The commitment by US-India Business Council members to invest over $41 billion in India over three years will help raise the country's manufacturing capabilities, industry body Ficci said today.
"The commitment of nearly $41 billion of investments by US-India Business Council members over the next three years in India is an extremely encouraging development.
"We take this announcement as a harbinger of transformative projects that would be launched by the private sector from both sides and would contribute to realising the grand vision of Prime Minister Modi of propelling India into the higher orbits of manufacturing excellence," said Ficci President Sidharth Birla .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi yesterday wound up his five-day US visit describing it as "very successful and satisfactory" with observers here saying that he had succeeded in establishing a personal rapport with President Barack Obama and largely repairing bilateral ties.
Urging top US corporates to establish and expand their base in India before "it is too late", Modi had told the US-India Business Council (USIBC).
USIBC told him that it had identified upwards of $41 billion slated for investment by its members in India within the next 3 years.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Falling energy prices signal weakening world...Falling energy prices point to weakening world economy
By Reuters | 2 Oct, 2014, 10.58PM IST
The price of oil has dropped 20 per cent since the summer to below $92 per barrel on Thursday, a level last seen in June 2012.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: A sharp fall in energy prices around the world signals worse to come for the slowing global economy as China's decade-long boom peters out, in addition to Europe's long struggle with recession.
The price of oil, the world's most important fuel source, has dropped 20 per cent since the summer to below $92 per barrel on Thursday, a level last seen in June 2012.
Energy analysts initially said the price declines were largely the result of greater supply, citing the North American shale boom, the tapping of new offshore reserves worldwide and greater output of coal.
But analysts have also begun pointing to a slowdown in demand. They cite China's ebbing thirst for oil and what could its first drop in demand for coal in over a decade as indicators of a sharper slowdown in the world's second-biggest economy.
"China's initial (economic) acceleration has faded. With the US acceleration reaching its limits, we have seen our GLI (Global Leading Indicator) slip into 'slowdown'," Goldman Sachs said on Thursday in a research note.
"Without re-acceleration outside the US, this may not change quickly," the bank said.
Goldman said China could still get close to its economic growth target of 7.5 per cent for this year, but "there is a good chance of more slowing early next year".
That would have profound implications worldwide, since the economies of China and the United States have been growing, while Europe and Japan continue to struggle in the wake of the financial crisis.
"Overall, the global economy is weaker than we had envisaged even six months ago," International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde said in Washington on Thursday. "Only a modest pickup is foreseen for 2015 as the outlook for potential growth has been pared down."
The IMF holds its annual meeting next week and will release its latest World Economic Outlook beforehand.
DEMAND SHRINKS, SUPPLY RISES
Further affecting demand for fossil fuels, households and industries in developed economies are becoming more efficient in using energy and are moving more to renewables and other alternative fuel sources.
"Ironically, as the global demand pie is getting smaller, supplies (of fossil fuels) are increasing," said Michal Meidan, a director at consultancy China Matters.
Coal, the world's most important source for electricity generation, has almost halved in value since spring 2011 to levels at which most producers are losing money.
Gas prices in Europe have fallen over 6 per cent this year despite the crisis between Russia , its main supplier, and Ukraine , a vital transit route for EU imports.
China's gas demand growth is expected to ease to its slowest in three years in 2014 and dip again in 2015, due in part to its slowing economy.
In the oil market , moves by Saudi Arabia, the world's biggest exporter, are crucial to determine volumes and pricing.
"Serving as a bearish signal, Saudi Aramco has cut official selling prices (OSPs) for November loading cargoes to all regions ... The biggest cuts were again seen in Asia, the third consecutive round of downwards adjustments there," JBC Energy said in a research note.
The recent rise in the dollar has mitigated oil price declines in Europe and Japan, but Reuters data shows that the price drop in oil has far outpaced the fall in the euro and the yen against the greenback.

Dan Sullivans new ad defends record fighting domestic violenceBy Sean Sullivan October 2 Follow @WaPoSean
Former Alaska Attorney General Dan Sullivan (R). (AP Photo/Mark Thiessen)
Dan Sullivan, the Republican Senate nominee in Alaska, will release a new television ad Thursday designed to rebut accusations that he was soft on violent crimes against women as state attorney general.
This campaign ad from Dan Sullivan, the Republican Senate nominee in Alaska, features Sullivan's colleague from the Rural Subcabinet Advisory Group, Jamilia George, who attests to his commitment to advocating for women. (Dan Sullivan via YouTube)
The ad stars Jamilia George, who worked with Sullivan on the Rural Subcabinet Advisory Group from 2009-2010. It's the latest move in an ongoing battle between Republicans and Democrats to define Sullivan's record as attorney general -- and to win over women voters.
"I know firsthand how committed Dan Sullivan is to protecting Alaskan women from domestic violence because I worked with him to do it," she says in the 30-second commercial shared with The Washington Post. "Because of Dan's work, offenders got longer prison sentences and abused women are getting the legal representation they need to restart their lives."
Begich's campaign has run ads alleging Sullivan was soft on violent crime, including a controversial commercial he pulled off the airwaves that held Sullivan partly responsible for releasing a man from prison who later allegedly killed an elderly couple and sexually assaulted their grandchild. Sullivan also took down a response ad on the same subject.
George says Begich is "falsely" attacking Sullivan.
The Alaska Senate race is one of the most important contests in the battle for the Senate majority. Polls show a close race between Begich and Sullivan.
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.

If China is to maintain one party rule on the mainland  it cannot let Hong Kong democratize. It is too risky for a dictatorship to let its citizens see a thriving democracy next door.Comments
By Akos Lada October 2
University students from across Hong Kong began a week-long boycott of classes at the Chinese University of Hong Kong on Sept. 22. (EPA/Jerome Favre)
Tens of thousands of pro-democracy protesters are swarming the streets of Hong Kong. Beijing faces dire consequences. The Chinese authorities’ hands are tied : They will look weak if they make concessions, but the regime’s image and the city’s business interests are suffering while the protests continue. How did Beijing end up with such a difficult problem? Rather than a result of miscalculations, the confrontation was inevitable.
The protests in Hong Kong were triggered by the Chinese authorities’ unwillingness to make democratic concessions to the city. Beijing decreed that only its favored candidates could run in the city’s elections in 2017. This decision destroyed hopes of real democracy in the city. Even though Hong Kong residents will have universal suffrage, any candidate who runs will need to be pre-approved by a select committee of Beijing loyalists.
Why did China not make democratic concessions to avoid unrest? Chinese scholar Weiwei Zhang argues that the protesters in Hong Kong are the ones who need to compromise. He contends that Hong Kong is far less important to China than it was 30 years ago, given China’s economic rise. But in fact, as Hong Kong is on the cusp of democracy today, events in the city are very important to Beijing.
The fundamental problem the Chinese regime faces is that the Chinese mainland shares strong cultural and ethnic ties with Hong Kong. Research by Beth Simmons and her colleagues shows that policies and institutions often spread between countries with shared visible cultural markers. If Hong Kong can demonstrate how to make democracy work, it is easy to imagine that it could also work in China. This explains why the Chinese government is so reluctant to yield to the democratic demands of the citizens in Hong Kong.
In my own work I show that hostility and wars have historically been more likely to occur between countries that are culturally similar but differ in their political institutions. A dictator’s fear of political contagion is even more acute in the case of divided countries, which by definition are culturally very similar.
The two Koreas are one example. A North Korean dictator will fear the diffusion of democratic ideas from South Korea. While Pyongyang can have no hope of destroying South Korea, it can use low-level hostility and propaganda to make North Korean citizens more likely to look at South Korea as an enemy, not as a model.
How does a dictator paint another country which could serve as an attractive model for the dictator’s citizens as an enemy? In my research, I analyze North Korean propaganda before and after the democratization of South Korea in 1987. My quantitative text analysis shows that words that describe human suffering appear alongside “South Korea” much more frequently after 1987 than before. The newly democratic regime is alleged to be dictatorial: It “far surpasses its predecessor dictators in terms of its tyrannical nature.’’ Statements describing South Korea as a “living hell,’’ where “the toiling masses who account for an overwhelming majority live in poverty, sorrow and penury’’ become commonplace.
A quick look at how the Chinese media describes the protesters in Hong Kong reveals striking similarities. Public discussion about the Hong Kong protests is heavily censored. Chinese newspapers are beginning to discuss the protests but paint an undemocratic picture of the pro-democracy movement. In an article from the front page of the People’s Daily, China’s main newspaper, the protests are portrayed representing “a serious departure from democracy and the rule of law.’’ Another People’s Daily article strikes the same tone, and claims that instead of fighting for democracy, the protesters are stifling its development.
The official press also stresses the suffering of the Hong Kong citizens during the protests. “Extremists” behind the protests are said to be “disrupting normal order’’ and “disrupting economic conditions.’’ Another article claims that the protests are incited by a small number of extremists, and that their “illegal actions to undermine the rule of law’’ will further increase their “unpopularity.’’ By contrast, mainland stories depict the Chinese government is representing stability , and as a defender of rule of law and development in Hong Kong.
Did Xi Jinping miscalculate by not allowing free elections in Hong Kong? We cannot know whether the Chinese leadership expected protests of this magnitude, although a large pro-democracy demonstration prior to the controversial decision was a powerful warning. Beijing, in general, tries to avoid collective action by its citizens and is said to fear democratic contagion. In recent days pro-Hong Kong protesters in mainland China have been detained . The authorities in Beijing may believe they have no choice other than to deny free elections in Hong Kong: the dictator of a divided country risks too much by allowing a democracy to thrive beside him, providing citizens with a stark contrast to his oppressive regime.
 
Akos Lada  is a doctoral candidate in political economy and government at Harvard University working on war between states with shared identities.

Clean  green commuting machine: Its all part of the VREs theme song.By Julie Zauzmer October 2 Follow @JulieZauzmer
The Virginia Railway Express has a theme song! It was written by marketing firm Sparky’s Garage, now called Groove, in 2012, according to VRE spokesman Bryan Jungwirth. The railroad uses it for radio jingles and on-hold music on its phones.
“It’s one of those things that sticks in your head and you find yourself singing it,” Jungwirth said.
Hear for yourself.
The price of gas is up
Traffic’s getting me down
Gotta be a better way to get into town
Uh huh huh
Commuting in and out of D.C.
 
I could stare at brake lights
Or ride the train
Read a book, take a nap, and avoid the pain
Uh huh huh

India Inc pledges support to Swachh Bharat missionPrivate, public companies like Dabur, TCS, Indian Oil, GAIL and others pledge support to Swachh Bharat mission
ET Bureau Oct 3, 2014, 05.49AM IST
Tags:
Carlson Rezidor
(PepsiCo India chairman…)
NEW DELHI: India Inc on Thursday pledged its support to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Swachh Bharat Mission, which aims to create a cleaner India by 2019. PepsiCo India chairman and chief executive officer D Shivakumar said a cleaner India will lead to multi-level improvement in the country's health and wellness. "But for this big goal to be a reality, we need an attitudinal shift to change deep rooted habits and cleanliness practices," he pointed out.
While launching the Swachh Bharat Mission on Thursday, Modi exhorted every Indian citizen to dedicate 100 hours a year or about two hours a week for voluntary cleanliness work. The government itself will spend over Rs 62,000 crore on the programme, which seeks to eliminate open defecation, building and maintaining quality toilets, eradication of manual scavenging, municipal solid waste management and, most importantly, bringing about an attitudinal shift in people.
Large
corporates such as Dabur, Unitech, L&T, Bharti Enterprises, Tata Consultancy Services and PSU's such as Indian Oil , GAIL and NTPC have already started drawing up plans to clean up their surroundings, build toilets and support the mission.
"All corporate houses need to come forward and support this movement. But it needs to be a sustained effort...it should not be an October 2 phenomenon," said Sunil Duggal , chief executive officer of Dabur, which is looking at multiple opportunities to be part of this movement.
Dabur has rolled out a 'Swachch Toilet, Swachch Bharat Abhiyan' to provide germ-free public toilets across the country. The company has announced that it will contribute 1 from the sale of every pack of its SaniFresh toilet cleaner towards building toilets in the country. Sanjiv Goenka , chairman, RP-Sanjiv Goenka group said that corporate India should come forth and support the programme fully.
Real estate developer Unitech plans to involve residents and other stakeholders in its real estate projects across the country in a drive to clean up areas around them. "This was long overdue. A mass movement is required. Cleanliness is not just about money but also about inculcating civic sense," said Ajay Chandra, managing director at Unitech.
The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) has announced plans to provide sanitation facilities in schools as part of the Swachh Bharat Mission. CII said it will mobilise construction of 10,000 toilets through CSR by 2015-16. "CII will work with industry and the government to make Swachh Bharat a reality," said Sumit Mazumder, president-designate of CII and CMD of TIL.
Some PSU and hotel firms, too, have pledged to build toilets. Oil and coal PSUs will together build one lakh toilets in schools across the country in a year. Coal India will build 400 toilets while NTPC will build 240.
Gail Chairman BC Tripathi said the PSU is committed to improve hygienic sanitation facilities for girls at schools as a responsible corporate citizen of the country. "The Swachh Bharat Abhiyan will leave a positive impact on public health in the long run. Accordingly, we have undertaken the drive to construct 1,021 toilets across India. Separate toilet facilities for girls in schools would also help in arresting dropouts drastically and will consequently help increase female literacy," he said.
L&T said it will build 5,000 toilets while Bharti Foundation has pledged Rs 100 crore to build toilets in Ludhiana. TCS had also pledged 100 crore for building sanitation facilities for girls in 10,000 schools. Vedanta group said it will build 10,000 toilets in addition to the 30,000 it is already building in a partnership with Rajasthan government.
Global hotel chain Carlson Rezidor , which runs brands like Radisson and Park Inn hotels in India, will build toilets in the Delhi-NCR area for girls in schools. "This is our way of giving back to the community and is in line with the Swachh Bharat campaign announced by the PM. According to us, the cleaning process should never end," said Raj Rana, chief executive officer for South Asia at Carlson Rezidor.
Several companies have already started using the social media space to spread the message of a clean India. "Dear literate Indian, stop littering India. Use dustbins, join the Clean India Campaign," said a Facebook post by DLF Promenade in Delhi's Vasant Kunj area. "We are tying up with schools and roping in children to spread awareness and influence the shoppers' mind when they come to the malls," said Neha Lidder , who handles marketing for DLF Malls in Vasant Kunj.
Responding to Modi's call to dedicate time to cleanliness, employees of Lemon Tree Hotels pledged for a 'Swachh Bharat, Swasthya Bharat' across the company's hotels. Each of them will invest 100 hours a year to clean areas surrounding the hotel properties in the country.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Berkshire Hathaway buys auto dealer Van Tuyl...Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway buys auto dealer Van Tuyl Group
AP Oct 3, 2014, 12.58AM IST
Tags:
(Warren Buffet's Berkshire…)
OMAHA: Warren Buffett is getting into the automobile sales business.
The billionaire's Berkshire Hathaway, owner of businesses ranging from the BNSF railroad to Dairy Queen, Geico insurance and power providers, is buying the privately owned auto dealership company Van Tuyl Group. Financial terms were not disclosed.
Van Tuyl Group says it is the biggest privately owned auto dealership group in the U.S. It has 78 independently operated dealerships and more than 100 franchises in 10 states. The company will be renamed Berkshire Hathaway Automotive and be based in Dallas.
Buffett, in an interview on CNBC on Thursday, said that there are huge opportunities for market consolidation in the fragmented auto dealership business.
``This is just the beginning for Berkshire Hathaway Automotive,'' Buffett said.
This deal is one of a handful of times Buffett has applied his conglomerate's name to one of the businesses it owns. In 2012, Berkshire Hathaway Home Services was created, and the national real estate franchise network continues adding agents at a brisk pace.
A couple of insurance companies carry the name, including Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance. And earlier this year, the company's utility division was renamed Berkshire Hathaway Energy.
Originally, Berkshire Hathaway was the name of the struggling New England textile company that Buffett took control of in the 1960s. Buffett later closed the textile mills, but he has built Berkshire Hathaway into a conglomerate known for its financial strength.
Van Tuyl Group's current CEO, Larry Van Tuyl, will become chairman of the auto unit. Cecil Van Tuyl, Larry's father, started with a Kansas City Chevrolet dealership in 1955. He was joined in the family business by Larry in 1971, according to the company's website.
Jeff Rachor will become CEO once Larry Van Tuyl transitions to the chairman position.
Buffett said that Van Tuyl's job will be to scout out dealerships for potential acquisitions and determine which ones to pursue. Buffett will provide the funding for any possible transactions.
``We've got the capital, so we're off to the races,'' he said.
Berkshire investor and biographer Andy Kilpatrick said this deal looks like it represents another long-term move into a new business for the company. Plus, it puts some of Berkshire's roughly $55 billion cash to work.
``I think it's a major operating business,'' said Kilpatrick, who wrote ``Of Permanent Value: The Story of Warren Buffett.''
Stifel analyst James Albertine said the deal puts Berkshire in good position to take advantage of trends in the industry and acquire dealers who either need to plan for succession or need capital to invest.
``We continue to believe the opportunity to consolidate the auto dealership sector presents one of the best medium-to-long term growth opportunities across retail,'' Albertine said in a research note.
The deal is expected to close in 2015's first quarter. It still needs approval from major auto manufacturers.
Berkshire Hathaway Inc. is based in Omaha, Nebraska.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Vote for the Week in Pictures: Sept. 25 - Oct. 2
Can the U.S. send domestic terrorists to international courtsBy Eugene Kontorovich October 2
Does Article III of the Constitution allow the United States to create international tribunals to try American or foreign illegal combatants or terror suspects? Could such a tribunal expand its mandate to include drug trafficking?
This is the question that kicks of my newly published article , “ Three International Courts and Their Constitutional Problems ,” which I mentioned yesterday. Consider this hypothetical:
Imagine the United States grappling with an outbreak of domestic terrorism. Many suspects are detained, but prosecuting them would be difficult because evidence was obtained in violation of the Fourth Amendment, or because the large number of defendants would clog the federal court system. Or consider U.S. policymakers confronted with the problem of closing Guantanamo Bay. Civilian trials in domestic courts are politically unpopular, but the detainees cannot simply be freed.
To deal with these problems, imagine the United States signs an “International Terror Tribunal Treaty” with Afghanistan, Jordan, Iraq, Morocco, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, the Netherlands, Israel, and the Marshall Islands. Those suspected of terrorism or material support of terrorism from any of the signatory countries would be tried by the International Terror Tribunal, composed of one judge from the high- est court of each country. Rules of process, proof, and punishment would be based on those of other prominent international criminal tribunals, and the due process rights of all defendants would be respected.
The International Criminal Court (ICC) … operates on the same underlying jurisdictional principles as the hypothetical International Terror Tribunal. If the United States were to join, it would delegate to the ICC jurisdiction to prosecute American nationals for crimes committed at home and abroad…
While the ICC is a largely novel international development, it is not the first time the United States confronted whether the Constitution permits participation in international courts with direct jurisdiction over citizens.
Eugene Kontorovich is a professor at Northwestern University School of Law, and an expert on constitutional and international law. He also writes and lectures frequently about the Arab-Israel conflict.

Interim Secret Service head has been a familiar figure beside U.S. presidentsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Govt seeks multi-billion dollar funds for solar power projectThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

IT Market in Lebanon 2014-2018: Key Vendors are Hewlett-Packard  IBM  Microsoft and OracleThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

So  some1 is buying at 64 (n below)...Gold Member
17 Followers
Looks like you`re really afraid to accept that you shitted around on this forum with your unduly forced story. Or else, why would my previous posts disappear from this forum when it was absolutely non-offensive! My posts were surely not for the cowards though they were aimed at one.
11.39 PM Aug 25th

Chavan favoured builders  will expose him: Ajit PawarPrint
Written by Manoj Dattatrye More | Pune | Posted: October 3, 2014 2:11 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 6:54 pm
Even as former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has started his campaign in Karad South highlighting that he had brought in development projects worth Rs 1,800 crore there, NCP leader Ajit Pawar, who was his deputy in the Congress-NCP government, on Thursday said Chavan’s “real face” would be unmasked in a couple of days.
“In two-three days, my RTI application will reveal the answers,” Pawar told The Indian Express.
Pawar said he had information that Chavan had in the last two months of his tenure approved files of several top builders and developers that were earlier rejected. Demanding a probe, Pawar said what raised his suspicion was a notification that was issued and withdrawn in a span of two days. “This notification was apparently issued to favour top builders,” said Pawar.
The former deputy CM said he had already filed an RTI application and expected to get a reply in two-three days. “The reply will expose how many files of builders and developers were cleared in the last two months,” he said. Asked to name the builders, Pawar said: “There were many…hold on for some time, you will come to know,” he said.
When asked about the Rs 1,800-crore development projects that Chavan claimed to have launched in his Karad South constituency, Pawar said: “As far as I remember, I had approved the renovation of the samadhi area of former deputy prime minister Yashwantrao Chavan and other works costing Rs 100 crore or so. We had helped approve a couple of more projects. Actually, our leader Sharad Pawar had directed me to help out Chavan. So I did, but I am not aware of the Rs 1,800-crore projects that were sanctioned for one particular constituency,” he said.
Pawar said he was surprised that Chavan could get projects worth such a huge amount sanctioned for a single constituency. Incidentally, Chavan not only approved the projects, but also inaugurated some of them, say his associates.
On the other hand, Vilas Patil-Undalkar, a seven-time MLA from Karad South, said: “Whenever my projects were approved by the state government, the local civic body dominated by Chavan’s supporters did not give the NOC. As a result, funds were returned and the projects remained a non-starter…” he alleged.
The Chavan camp, meanwhile, said it was not worried about the threat of exposure issued by Pawar.
BJP, Shiv Sena post-poll alliance not ruled out yet
With Shiv Sena’s Anant Geete not resigning from the Centre, speculation is rife that both Sena and BJP are keeping the option of a post-poll alliance open.
A Sena-BJP tie-up is possible in the event of either of them falling short of majority after results are declared, say party leaders. Geete told The Indian Express Thursday that he was staying put in the Union cabinet as nobody had asked him to resign. “Our party chief has not asked me to resign, and I am not resigning on my own,” he said, adding that the BJP too has not asked continued…

Dynamic pricing to push up Tatkal faresPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 2:09 am
In a bid to shore up its revenues, the Indian Railways has decided to sell 50 per cent of tatkal tickets through the system of dynamic pricing. This means that while the first half of the total number of tatkal tickets will be sold at existing tatkal rates, which are up to 30 per cent higher than normal fare, the second half will be sold at progressively higher prices.
The new scheme will be implemented on the most popular trains, tatkal tickets for which face huge demand across the country.
Each of the 16 zonal railways has been asked to identify five most popular trains and implement the scheme.
According to the system, after 50 per cent of the tatkal tickets are sold, rates would go up after every 10 per cent. The system, which was rolled out on October 1, will be fully implemented within a week.
Facing questions about the need for such a move, especially when diesel prices are stable in the country, the Railways claimed that it was necessary to ward off the menace of touts.
Officials in the Railways Ministry believe that touts hoard tatkal tickets illegally and charge hefty premium on them from needy passengers. This signifies that passengers are willing to pay a higher price for confirmed tickets, so the ministry decided to charge that premium itself.
Since it is mandatory for passengers to provide identification details to book tatkal tickets, the Railways was unable to explain how a huge amount of tatkal quota tickets were in the grip of touts.
“As per our internal assessment, touts were hoarding tatkal tickets and were selling them at much higher prices to needy passengers. This move is to provide relief to genuine passengers so they don’t fall prey to unlawful elements,” said a Railways spokesperson.
Currently, tatkal charges are 10 per cent of basic fare for second class and 30 per cent of basic fare for all other classes.
The tatkal scheme currently covers around 2,677 trains. According to Railways figures, around 1.71 lakh seats, of the 11.57 lakh available, can be booked under the scheme. It is also a prominent source of income for the Railways, raking in about Rs 1,000 crore last year.

Pranab: Govt alone cant make India cleanNew Delhi/ Kirnahar (west Bengal) | Posted: October 3, 2014 2:08 am
By: ENS&PTI
Calling upon all Indians to get involved in the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, President Pranab Mukherjee Thursday said the government cannot do it without people’s involvement.
Flagging off the mission in Birbhum district, Mukherjee called upon the people to get themselves involved in the mission of making India clean saying that it is not possible for the government alone to accomplish the tasks of eradication of illiteracy, bringing cleanliness, keeping the environment green and maintaining ecological and environmental balance.
In the states, the chief ministers and governors started the drive by administering the pledge and picking up broom themselves.
CHHATISGARH: Accompanied by senior officials, CM Raman Singh visited a crematorium and cleaned it as part of the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan. Earlier in the day, he visited a government school and administered the cleanliness oath to students. Similar functions were held across the state.
BIHAR: CM Jitan Ram Manjhi, Union ministers Ramvilas Paswan, Ravi Shankar Prasad and Upendra Kushwaha and actor-politician Shatrughan Sinha took up the broom at various places in the state.
GUJARAT: CM Anandi Patel launched the drive from Porbandar, Mahatma Gandhi’s birth place, and urged people to change their mindset. She first wielded a broom and cleaned the garbage on a street leading to Kirti temple.
UTTAR PRADESH: Union minister Maneka Gandhi took part in the Swachh Bharat mission at the railway station in Pilibhit. She reached the station around 12.30 pm and inspected the cleanliness there.
TAMIL NADU: Governor K Rosaiah initiated the cleanliness drive at the Raj Bhawan. He said that cleanliness should begin from home and appealed that everyone should take it as their bounden duty to keep the surroundings clean.

At Rajghat  nothing changes for safai karamcharisPrint
Written by Aniruddha Ghosal | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 2:06 am
They watched from a distance as Prime Minister Narendra Modi walked up the path they had swept twice since dawn. Delhi’s safai karamcharis remained out of sight as the Swachh Bharat campaign was inaugurated at Rajghat. Nothing had changed for them, their demands were still unheard.
It was a gruelling few hours for the team of 35 tasked with cleaning Rajghat area. But apart from having to work overtime on a holiday, there was nothing else out of the ordinary.
“Dignitaries and ministers come here often and it’s always the same routine,” says Devender, a municipal corporation worker, who has been working at Rajghat for over a decade.
Their day at work began the night before. A gruelling shift that ended at 11.30 pm ensured that the roads around Rajghat were cleared of garbage before the PM arrived.
Their second shift began at 6 am and continued till the traffic police told them that “VIP movement had begun”. The safai karamcharis retreated, watching quietly, as the Prime Minister arrived amidst a flurry of cameras.
But despite government officials and politicians picking up brooms, they can’t help but point out that nothing has really changed for them. “Our salaries are still low. Most of us are on a contract. We rarely get our money on time and we never get pay slips. Delhi might become clean but we will remain poor,” said Ram Pal Singh, a sweeper.
As their shift ends at 2:30 pm, the brooms are discarded and the uniforms are neatly piled upon a table. They line up to mark their attendance and one of them remembers they’ll be working on Friday as well. “Doesn’t make a difference. We haven’t got our salary yet, so we can’t celebrate any way,” says Uma, a sweeper.
Most of the safai karamchari’s are contractually employed. While medical insurance is available to them, it is rarely realised and over the years medical bills, prescriptions and doctor’s certificates get lost in paperwork.
“I fell sick and couldn’t work for months. Later, I had to stop working altogether. But my bills are still with the government and I haven’t seen a single paisa,” said Bibhuti, who lives in Daryaganj and used to work with the Delhi municipal department.

Goalkeeper Sreejesh has been pillar of this triumphPosted: October 3, 2014 1:59 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 9:29 am
By: Ashish Ballal
I have always held that forwards and midfielders can win you matches, but goalkeepers win you championships. Sreejesh proved that as India beat Pakistan at the Seonhak Hockey Stadium. Earlier, goalscorers were the ones fondly remembered and the keepers got noticed only if they saved shots during tie-breakers.
But Sreejesh’s work in goal over the past few years has been excellent and he has rightfully been praised for it, especially at Incheon.
Incidentally, it was the shootout in the final that summed up the tournament for him. Previously, too, Sreejesh bailed out the team’s defence on several occasions. But when the match went into shootouts, I wasn’t really worried about how he’d do in the tie-breaker. I knew he’d save at least two. I was more worried about our penalty takers!
It was a stroke of luck that Pakistan were involved in a shootout in their semifinal. That gave our boys a chance to study their approach and keep themselves prepared. It was also something that helped the team in 1998 when we played South Korea in the final. We had studied videos of the Koreans taking penalties and also got a chance to see them in the shoot-out in a previous game in Bangkok.
The format has changed since then and, in a way, it has become slightly easier for the goalkeepers. Before if a keeper saved a stroke, it was a big achievement. But with the new format, if a striker scores, it’s considered terrible goalkeeping. But this is not taking anything away from Sreejesh.
He has been wonderful throughout the tournament and has actually been the pillar of this team at Incheon.
The gold medal for us in 1998 was something we cherished for the rest of our lives. We hadn’t won much before that, and frankly nothing after the Asiad triumph either. Here the boys actually look in good touch and can get better. And they must. They are young and should use this gold as a stepping stone to greater success. They shouldn’t be satisfied with what they won here. They shouldn’t stop at this.
(Ashish Ballal was the goalkeeping hero of the 1998 Asian Games gold-winning Indian team. He spoke with Shahid Judge.)

As midterms loom  Obama shifts spotlight to ...As midterms loom, Barack Obama shifts spotlight to economy
By Reuters | 3 Oct, 2014, 02.05AM IST
President Barack Obama tried on Thursday to turn the spotlight on the economy, the issue US voters care about most ahead of November midterm elections
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
EVANSTON: President Barack Obama tried on Thursday to turn the spotlight on the economy, the issue US voters care about most ahead of November midterm elections, making the case that his policies have steered the country away from the brink of collapse and laid a foundation for growth.
It's the second take for a strategy that the White House rolled out in June, only to have its optimistic message drowned out by crises in Iraq, Syria, Ukraine and western Africa.
While he said his speech was not political, Obama sought to contrast Democratic policies with those of Republicans, arguing he needs the Senate to stay in Democrats' hands in November elections to accomplish economic goals like raising the minimum wage, retraining workers for better jobs and spending more on infrastructure projects.
"Make no mistake: These policies are on the ballot. Every single one of them," he said on a visit to a Chicago suburb.
The response from Republicans was swift.
"This administration has thrown a wet blanket over the economy with its focus on spending, borrowing, taxing and regulating, and those things clearly haven't worked. We need to move in a different direction," said Senator Mitch McConnell , the top Republican in the Senate.
Obama walked the crowd through a list of statistics he has been trumpeting all summer.
Unemployment has been slashed since 2009. The energy, tech and manufacturing sectors are booming. So is the stock market. Exports have surged. The deficit has been trimmed.
"What I want people to know is that there are some really good things happening in America," Obama said in a 45-minute speech to about 1,000 people at the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois.
"By every economic measure, we are better off now than when I took office," he said.
But polls show the good-news message is a hard sell. During Obama's watch, average family incomes have fallen by more than $2,100, Census Bureau data shows.
Fewer than one in 10 Americans believe Obama is doing a great job on the economy, polling data from Ipsos shows, and about two-thirds of the population believes the economy is heading the wrong way.
"It's hard to convince those people who are still suffering that things are getting better," said Matthew Green , associate professor of politics at the Catholic University of America.
Obama acknowledged that for many Americans, "it's still harder than it should be to pay the bills and to put away some money" and said it could take years of investments and changes in policies to expand the economy.
"If we take the necessary steps to build on the foundation I promise you that over the next 10 years, we will build an economy where wage growth is stronger than it was in the past three decades," he said.

Ebola: How It SpreadsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Latest efforts to contain Ebola in US
Giants Hudson clarifies earlier remarksBy Rick Maese October 2 Follow @RickMaese
Madison Bumgarner celebrates with Ryan Vogelsong, center, and Tim Hudson, right, after the Giants won the wild-card game Wednesday night. (AP)
To be clear, Tim Hudson says he wasn’t talking about whatever is or isn’t between the legs of the Washington Nationals.
To recap: After the Giants’ stomped the Pirates in the wild-card matchup Wednesday and earned a date with the Nats in the National League Division Series, the Giants’ veteran starter said that “ come playoff time, talent can take you a long ways, but what do you have between your legs, that’s gonna take you real far .”
Now, there’s a couple of ways to interpret that. Many Washington fans felt he was implying the Nats might be lacking below the belt. Asked for clarification before his team’s workout Thursday, Hudson said that he was commenting on his own squad’s attributes, not any other’s deficiencies.
“I was referring to our team. I just think our club  — on paper we may not match up with a lot of people. I think once you get out there and you play, the guts and the heart this team has and like you said what they have between their legs will get this team over the hump a lot of times.”
“By no means was I referring to them not having any. At all,” Hudson chuckled. “I did say they have a lot talent over there, they have a lot of great pitching. There’s no question about that. They’re very talented over there. I think our club — we have some things that have been helping us win all year.”
Rick Maese is a sports features writer for The Washington Post.

ManpowerGroup to Announce 3rd Quarter 2014 Earnings ResultsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Companies facing wider range of risks than ever beforeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

UPDATE 11-Brent drops to 27-month low on supply glut; U.S. oil reboundsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

China  hacking into  Hong Kong protesters  phonesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

But  you`re planning to reenter @40 (if it comes)Platinum Member
60 Followers
Tanti world takeover has been played like broken record. I mentioned about regime change in Suzlon because it is needed to change the rhythm and course.
Honestly, I have serious doubts about debt being managed in the current environment.
Not strictly in the global or developed world terms, the Indian renewable energy ambitions as outlined by some experts, not so experts (including me) and of late the statements from the ministry can be summed up as below,(IMO)
"Tell all the conventional power generators, running 20% - 50% below capacity levels that you will never be able to utilise full capacity because, the coal supply is (will be) choked, your capex will remain negative NPV for the project life time, furthermore, keep jacking up the electricity prices to make up the losses at the cost of consumer and those who have surplus cash, invest in renewable energy projects because however red your books and faces are, the future is green"

Lol;-) never looked at it from the conventional power producer`s point...Platinum Member
60 Followers
Tanti world takeover has been played like broken record. I mentioned about regime change in Suzlon because it is needed to change the rhythm and course.
Honestly, I have serious doubts about debt being managed in the current environment.
Not strictly in the global or developed world terms, the Indian renewable energy ambitions as outlined by some experts, not so experts (including me) and of late the statements from the ministry can be summed up as below,(IMO)
"Tell all the conventional power generators, running 20% - 50% below capacity levels that you will never be able to utilise full capacity because, the coal supply is (will be) choked, your capex will remain negative NPV for the project life time, furthermore, keep jacking up the electricity prices to make up the losses at the cost of consumer and those who have surplus cash, invest in renewable energy projects because however red your books and faces are, the future is green"

Kindly check the sgx nifty now it is just - 32 points it was recovered...Silver Member
0 Follower
kindly check the SGX nifty now it is just - 32 points it was recovered from low point of the day......dlf is corrected alot.....this is one of the quality stock, investors can pick this stock for 1 month of time period this stock definetly going to touch 165/- once in Oct month, note my words....once it reaches 165/- i will back to the board.....till then the guys who are talking about this stock 140 levels they need to wait for life, because it never reaches 140/-....if it reahces the real bounce that can see with in minutes......yes the operators are playing on this stock....think once operators are not always in one side they can turn the situations from sell to buy as well....some amount of buying in this stock on wednesday my target for next week is 158-162....hope for the best inshah allah...
2.03 AM Oct 3rd  | Track

Concerns as Rocket IPO countdown endsOctober 1, 2014 8:05 pm
Investor concerns as Rocket IPO countdown ends
By Jeevan Vasagar in Berlin and Sally Davies in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/23d41dc6-4981-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stocks skid on weak global economic news. Now what(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File)
After three days of selling, investors are now in a wait-and-see mode.
The Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard & Poor 500-stock index were flat Thursday after each fell more than one percent the day before. Stocks looked poised to continue the sell off Thursday morning, but they rebounded in the afternoon in what financial advisers say is a sign that investors are waiting on the jobs report for a new hint on the strength of the economy.
While it’s not clear what would satisfy investors, advisers say that a mediocre report might be the best way to keep the markets from skidding further. A robust jobs report could put investors on edge by raising concerns that the Federal Reserve may increase interest rates sooner than anticipated. A weak showing may spark fears that the economy is losing its footing.
“Best case, at least in the short term, would be kind of a middle-of-the-road report,” says Curtis Holden, a senior investment officer at Tanglewood Wealth Management, a firm in Houston with $830 million in assets under management.
Small-cap stocks, which are issued by younger companies and are generally considered to be higher risk, saw a 1 percent gain after reaching correction territory Wednesday. The threshold, which means small-cap stocks are more than 10 percent off their July highs, is viewed as a sign that there may not be as much upside left in the broader stock market, which is now up nearly 200 percent from its March 2009 lows.
Investors may be sticking with large-cap stocks in an effort to tamper volatility in their portfolios, financial advisers say. Because they are typically viewed as more stable, large-cap stocks are expected to hold up better than those issued by smaller companies in an environment of slow growth, says Scott Wren, a senior equity strategist for Wells Fargo Advisors. “You want to be in the stocks that have better balance sheets, easier access to credit,” Wren says, “not a one-trick pony.”
Advisers are bracing for more volatility caused in part by worries over slower growth in Europe and Asia and concerns over the Federal Reserve’s next move. Investors may also be growing more cautious following a barrage of bad headlines: including the arrival of Ebola in the United States, the pro-democracy rallies in Hong Kong and trouble in the Middle East.
The dramatic market reaction to news abroad may be caused by concerns over the strength of the financial market at home, advisers say. After a five-year climb, some people may be worried that the market doesn’t have much more room to run.
“I think people are looking at the same chart that I am and they’re wondering ‘how long can this go on?’” says Uri Landesman, president of Platinum Partners, an investment management firm with about $1.35 billion in assets.
There’s no knowing how markets will behave, but advisers say they are expecting more volatility. September and October are historically rocky months for equity performance, Wren says. Stocks tend to perk up by November, December and January, but that isn’t always the case, he cautions. And investors shouldn’t make decisions based on those trends, but rather focus on whether they think the economy is on more stable ground.
“The economy is good, not great,” Wren says. “When you have modest growth and a modest inflation environment, stocks can do fine in that.”
Few advisers recommend getting out of the market completely, but with the chance that volatility may pick up, it might be a good time to re-assess portfolios. Holden recommends people move into assets that tend to have more stable performance. That means buying more U.S. stocks versus those from Europe and emerging market countries and relying more on large-cap stocks than small-cap stocks, he says.
“We’re not going to tell someone they need to run for the hills,” Holden says. “Don’t make rash or drastic moves. But at the same time, know what you own. Know why it’s there.”
Read more: 

Modi enters Gandhian legacy  after Patel sModi puts Mahatma back in focus
Zia Haq , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 02, 2014
First Published: 19:55 IST(2/10/2014) | Last Updated: 02:31 IST(3/10/2014)
Comments
By sweeping dirt on the pathway to Balmiki Sadan, a historic temple complex inside a spartan Delhi colony of sanitation workers, Narendra Modi thrust Mahatma Gandhi and one of his fading ideals back into public imagination in a rapidly modernising India.
The 150-year-old Balmiki Sadan temple is a vantage point for Modi to mount his first big campaign against social ills since becoming prime minister. Balmiki Sadan was constructed, like such temples elsewhere, by Valmikis -- a neglected Dalit group and erstwhile “untouchables” forbidden from mainstream Hindu religious places.
Gandhi’s birthday is a fitting platform for a mission for a filth-free India, “Swachh Bharat”. In his Independence Day speech, Modi talked of a clean India for Gandhi’s 150th birth anniversary on October 2, 2019.
Since taking office, Modi has repeatedly invoked Gandhi, who crusaded against both uncleanliness and discrimination against lower castes considered spiritually and physically unclean for much of India’s history. Cleanliness is more important than independence, Gandhi had once said.
On his first day in office, Modi tweeted a picture of him paying obeisance to a framed photograph of the Mahatma in his office room. He mentioned Gandhi while vowing to clean the Ganges. Just days ago in the US, he roused American-Indians, saying Gandhi was an “NRI like you”.
On Thursday Modi said, citing Gandhi: “Let us take a step to build the India of Bapu’s dreams.” Describing the logo for Swachh Bharat, he said the logo “depicts Bapu as looking at India through his spectacles”. “Bapu’s glasses capture the minutest of things…he is looking at the whole nation.”
“Swachh Bharat” enables Modi to enter Gandhi’s legacy through a pertinent but politically uncontestable issue: clean India.
Gandhi of course stood for many things, such as non-violence, composite culture and, importantly, his prescription for adjustments between Hindus and Muslim so that they live harmoniously.
Modi’s embrace of Gandhi has however sidestepped some problematic aspects of India’s history, such as the well-known repudiation of some equally abiding Gandhian ideas by the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh, Modi’s ideological fountainhead.

Warren Buffett to buy Van Tuyl auto dealership groupWarren Buffett to buy Van Tuyl auto dealership group
Warren Buffett
Warren Buffett speaks at an event in Detroit on Sept. 18.
Warren Buffett speaks at an event in Detroit on Sept. 18. (Bill Pugliano / Getty Images)
Warren Buffett is getting into the auto business with purchase of Van Tuyl Group
Warren Buffett is getting into car sales.
8
Buffett’s massive holding company, Berkshire Hathaway Inc., is buying the Van Tuyl Group, which bills itself as the nation’s largest privately owned auto dealership.
After the deal is completed, the dealership group would be based in Dallas and rebranded Berkshire Hathaway Automotive.
“This is just the beginning for Berkshire Hathaway Automotive,” Buffett said in a statement Thursday.
Shares of billionaire Warren Buffett¿s Berkshire Hathaway traded above $200,000 for the first time ¿ nearly eight years after topping the $100,000 mark. ( Andrew Khouri )
Van Tuyl has 78 independently operated dealerships and more than 100 franchises across 10 states. In California, its locations include Mission Viejo and Cerritos, according to the company’s website.
Berkshire Hathaway, which counts railroad giant BNSF among its holdings, did not disclose a purchase price for Van Tuyl. The deal, which is expected to close early next year, needs approval from major automakers.
Auto industry veteran Jeff Rachor, now with Van Tuyl, would become chief executive of Berkshire Hathaway Automotive. The dealership’s current chief executive, Larry Van Tuyl, would move to the post of chairman.  

The "Right to Request" Flexibilityreddit
The title alone gives pause for debate.  Should employees have the "right to request" flexibility from their employers?  Right now San Francisco and Vermont give employees the right to request flexible work schedules (with stipulations) but at the Federal level, there is no law that says so, although there is the potential such as these proposed pieces of legislation: Schedules That Work Act (H.R 5159) or the Flexibility for Working Families Act (H.R. 2559) (S. 1248).  It looks at this time according to WorldatWork's own legislative tracking pag e that there is slim chance of either one of them passing - at least anytime soon.
But a law did pass in the UK .   It is an update to a law already on the books that had given caregivers and people looking after children the right to request flexibility.  This law now covers all employees.   Would something like this work for U.S. organizations?  Or is it more advantageous to create a culture of flexibility in your own organization that sets that same tone?
As it exists today, many times flexibility begins with the employee making a request for flexibility to accommodate something that is going on in their personal lives.  Many times flexibility then potentially grows from there.  One fear that some managers have in granting the request is that if they give it to one employee, they will have to give it to everyone.  Because of that fear, what may occur is the original flexibility request goes under the radar and is a negotiated "deal" between that employee and their manager.  This often comes from the fear that if all employees request it, the manager will not have the capacity to meet their goals (i.e., work will not get done).  At this point, flexibility can die on the vine, or continue on a somewhat covert level within the organization.
In actuality, many times it does continue to grow and mature and there are organizations that have successfully created that "culture of flexibility".  Several things evolve along the way after that initial negotiated deal, a spectrum so to speak of how flexibility grows and matures into simply a way of doing business that many times goes on seamlessly throughout the organization.  WorldatWork put this spectrum to the test in the Survey on Workplace Flexibility anticipating that those organizations with a culture of flexibility actually benefited the most.  The benefits that we saw from those organizations that truly felt they fit the criteria for an established flexible culture reaped the biggest rewards in terms of employee satisfaction and engagement as well as a significant effect on turnover.
The continuum of flexibility was graphically shown (see page 27 of survey) with certain criteria that moved flexibility from non-existent to informal, then strategic and finally deeply embedded.  Note that in the deeply embedded culture column is this particular criteria -- "employees feel free to request flexible work arrangements as needed".  Hmmmm......  Something to ponder.
Don't get me wrong, I am a big proponent of allowing flexibility that makes sense for the organization as well as a means to benefit the employee.  However, I wonder if having the "right to request" decided upon by the organization or by a law is the best indicator of creating a culture of flexibility.  What's that saying? ----- you get more bees with honey than you do with vinegar.  So as we enter into the month of  October, which is also National Work and Family Month , perhaps organizations can ponder their own culture of flexibility and determine where they would like to fit on the continuum.
Follow Rose Stanley on Twitter: www.twitter.com/WorldatWork_RS
More:

Companies  Doing the Right Thing  -- For Young Employees With Cancerreddit
Today's column will look at two more companies that "did the right thing" for their employees impacted by Cancer. I'll profile the two young women and how their diagnosis was treated.
But, first a shout out to an earlier CEO we interviewed:  Adam Goodman, CEO of Goodmans Interior Structures in Phoenix, AZ. The company recently earned the GameChangers 500 designation for the positive impact of its products and services, and how it treats people and the planet in the process of running its business. GameChangers 500 is a list profiling the top-purpose driven companies in the world. In contrast with the Fortune 500 list emphasizing profit, GameChangers 500 focuses on companies that maximize benefits to people and the planet. Adam is very proud of their "culture" and so am I. Adam is a member of the CEOs Against Cancer, and ending cancer is a huge commitment in his world.  Thank you ... and congratulations!
And now, two young women and two companies who bravely deal with cancer. By the way, in my interviews with these two amazing women and their company representatives, the conversation about the financial cost to the company never came up. Their commitment was/is to the employee, even when they were unable to work consistently.
First, please meet Kelly Knab.
In August of 2012, Kelly had only worked for Text100, a Global Communications company for a year, in the NYC office. In the Summer of 2013, at age 26, having a variety of symptoms, she was ultimately diagnosed with Neuroendocrine cancer of the Pancreas, a very rare cancer (same as Steve Jobs).
She came to work a few days later to tell her boss and asked her boss to tell everyone else what was going on. She didn't want to be there for fear of being treated differently. She never stopped working. She slowed down a bit, but was allowed the flexibility to work from home, rest as needed, go to doctor visits and put health first. Everyone was supportive. The company told her to "handle what you need to ... and don't worry."
Treatment has been tough, side effects difficult, so Text100 has given her full license over how she uses her time.
Since her office is in NYC, I interviewed Kelly in person, and her boss, Colby Jones, was in the room with us. Colby shared the story about how the entire staff sent her a huge Care Package with magazines, lip gloss, lotions, nail polish, stuffed animals, mugs, tea and chocolate. Of course there was more, but they couldn't remember it all. After that, the San Francisco office sent a similar type package.
Since my interview with Kelly, she's updated me with the following:
"Essentially a few weeks ago I found out that the chemo regimen I was on was no longer working as well and my tumors had started growing again - pretty aggressively, in fact. I'm now on a new chemo treatment. It's intravenous, and I go in every other Wednesday. Because this new treatment directly affects my work schedule, I made the decision with my manager to tell my clients. Of course, they've been more than supportive and Text100 - as usual - gave me full control over how to communicate this news. Text100 is now also activating a team to support my involvement with Cycle for Survival, which raises money toward rare cancer research at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. As usual, this company has been amazing even with these latest changes."
My heart and well wishes go out to Kelly.
Second, please meet Mailet Lopez, founder of ihadcancer.com and co-founder of squeaky.com
Mailet was diagnosed with stage 2 breast cancer when she was 33 years old, while she was a partner at an award-winning web design and development agency, Squeaky Wheel Media. Her business partner, Anthony Del Monte, was one of the first people that she told about her diagnosis. Mailet knew that sharing her diagnosis with the rest of her co-workers would be almost as difficult as sharing it with her parents, since the agency is about 25 people. Instead of telling them directly, she asked Anthony to break the news to their employees on her behalf.
Upon learning the news of Mailet's diagnosis, everyone agreed to NOT feel sorry for her, as she requested. They knew how strong and powerful she was, and decided that the best way to support her would be to start to take control of their own health. People started juicing, performing self-checks and signing up for health insurance if they didn't already have it. Everyone respected the changes that she was making in her life, which helped Mailet feel in control again.
When I had the pleasure of meeting both Mailet and Anthony in person, they emphasized that they built IHadCancer  as a way to turn Mailet's negative experience into something that could help others. The website helps anyone who has been affected by cancer connect, learn and share with others who really understand what it's like to have cancer.
Final Thoughts:
When someone at work has a cancer diagnosis how does it impact other workers?
It's obvious that people are impacted with concern for their colleague, but they also become frightened about whether or not such a thing can happen to them.
The workplace that is fully open to conversations, that is empathetic and compassionate and that spurs the person diagnosed on to be a consistent member of the team ... well, that's the sort of companies we are exploring and looking at.
In my professional opinion, and in my heart as a cancer survivor myself ... Thank you to Text100 and to Squeaky for being such amazing companies.
--
Ann Fry is the Workplace Cancer and Disease Crisis Coach. She trains managers to engage and support people at work who are impacted by Cancer or a major illness (either their own or that of a loved one.) She's the person to call when the Executive teams needs to "triage" and sort through the crisis when one of their own is impacted. She can facilitate the conversation and help set the strategy for moving forward.
Follow Ann Fry on Twitter: www.twitter.com/AnnFry
More:

Panetta effectively calls Obama and Hillary liarsBy Jennifer Rubin October 2 Follow @JRubinBlogger
In clear and unequivocal terms, former Defense Secretary and CIA director Leon Panetta confirms precisely what conservative critics , lawmakers , former officials , tactical experts and military officials have said about Iraq: President Obama was advised to keep a stay-behind force and warned  about the consequences if he did not. He preferred to keep his campaign pledge to get all the troops out. The White House therefore allowed negotiations to falter for a status of forces agreement and bragged it had gotten all the troops out. Iraq has now collapsed.
Leon Panetta appears on CBS’s “Face the Nation” on Nov. 12, 1995. (CBS)
In excerpts of his new book printed in TIME, he writes: “When President Obama announced the end of our combat mission in August 2010, he acknowledged that we would maintain troops for a while. Now that the deadline was upon us, however, it was clear to me — and many others — that withdrawing all our forces would endanger the fragile stability then barely holding Iraq together.” Among others, Panetta and Under Secretary of Defense Michèle Flournoy tried to convince the White House this was essential, but the White House refused to take obvious measures to maintain troops:
Flournoy argued our case, and those on our side viewed the White House as so eager to rid itself of Iraq that it was willing to withdraw rather than lock in arrangements that would preserve our influence and interests.
We debated with al-Maliki even as we debated among ourselves, with time running out. The clock wound down in December, and Deputy Secretary of Defense Ash Carter continued to argue our case, extending the deadline for the Iraqis to act, hoping that we might pull out a last-minute agreement and recognizing that once our forces left, it would be essentially impossible for them to turn around and return. To my frustration, the White House coordinated the negotiations but never really led them. Officials there seemed content to endorse an agreement if State and Defense could reach one, but without the President’s active advocacy, al-Maliki was allowed to slip away. The deal never materialized. To this day, I believe that a small U.S. troop presence in Iraq could have effectively advised the Iraqi military on how to deal with al-Qaeda’s resurgence and the sectarian violence that has engulfed the country.
(And of course now that Obama may need to re-insert troops he has accepted the very sort of personal representation from Maliki that was available to him in 2011).
In short, Obama is blatantly misleading Americans and the world when he denies choosing to pull out all the troops. If he actually told the truth, he would need to accept blame for ignoring his advisers, putting a campaign promise above national security and sending Iraq and the region on a path that inevitably led to the current disaster.
Hillary Clinton also is telling a blatant falsehood when she claims the outcome was predetermined by the Bush administration or by the Iraqis. Someone should ask her if she ever recommended to Obama Panetta’s suggestion for getting a deal on a stay-behind force. (“We could, for instance, have threatened to withdraw reconstruction aid to Iraq if al-Maliki would not support some sort of continued U.S. military presence.”)
In essence, Panetta has blown the whistle on the president and Hillary Clinton. They should be obligated to address Panetta’s claims. Nothing can be done about Obama’s incessant buck-passing, but Clinton soon will offer herself up as his successor. As we have suggested , Panetta should hold Clinton to account and then should run instead. He can boast he got it right — and has told the truth. Neither Obama nor Clinton can say the same.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Bang Bang  review: The film isn t unwatchable but certainly tests your patience#now showing #masands verdict #masand movie reviews #movie reviews
Bang Bang has two gorgeous leads, some eye-popping stunt scenes, a slew of beautiful locales, and pretty hummable music. It would take an especially awful script and a truly incompetent director to deliver an unwatchable film out of those ingredients.
Within the first ten minutes of the movie, the MI6 headquarters in London have been broken into, a most-wanted terrorist freed, and a brave law enforcer killed. If you've ever watched a James Bond film in your life, you'll know the place is swarming with Secret Service agents. Perhaps they were all out to lunch when this was happening.
Okay, so this film is going to require some suspension of disbelief. No problem. Then, we're introduced to Katrina Kaif's character. If you can buy the idea of Katrina as a boring bank receptionist in Shimla who must sign up on an Internet blind-dating site to get a little romance in her life, then boy, you probably believe Santa Claus is real too!
Bang Bang is an official remake of the mediocre Tom Cruise-Cameron Diaz starrer Knight And Day, and it's fashioned as a fast-paced actioner, which basically means the plot is going to be threadbare. Hrithik Roshan is Rajveer, a mysterious thief who's stolen the Kohinoor diamond, no less. As he dodges both the cops and the henchmen of a criminal mastermind who wants the rock,
Rajveer meets Harleen (Katrina), who gets sucked into this globetrotting adventure with him.
The premise itself isn't so much of a problem as is the fact that Hrithik and Katrina have virtually no chemistry. The pair sizzled in Zoya Akhtar's Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara, but here they produce fewer sparks than a box of soaked matchsticks. Both actors look a million bucks, particularly Hrithik who is made to lose his shirt at every conceivable opportunity and show off those well-oiled abs. Katrina, sadly, is stuck playing a pathetic ditz; the kind of insufferable character you wouldn't want to be sitting next to on a long-haul flight.
Director Siddharth Anand, the man who gave us such excruciating films as Tara Rum Pum and Anjaana Anjaani, applies the same pedestrian sensibilities to what could've been a slick enjoyable romp.
The film is weighed down by a teary familial back-story, and a twist that anyone who's watched even three masala potboilers can predict from a mile away. The blatant product placements are embarrassing, the dialogues so clunky they make you cringe. And yet if there's one reason to watch the film, it's Hrithik. He's charming and charismatic, and he appears to be having a good time. Here's a movie star who actually looks like he could pull off those action scenes for real.
The film then isn't unwatchable, but at 2 hours and 35 minutes, it certainly tests your patience. How many times have you ordered a dish that looks terrific photographed in a menu, but disappoints when it shows up on the table? Bang Bang is that kind of meal. I'm going with two out of five.
Rating: 2/5

Pimco: Bonds are meant to be boring© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2113c320-4a12-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK now main rival to Swiss private banksUK now main rival to Swiss private banks
By Martin Arnold
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c1b99226-4a55-11e4-b8bc-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Turkey votes to use force against IsisTurkish parliament authorises force against Isis in Syria and Iraq
By Daniel Dombey in Istanbul and Erika Solomon in Beirut
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c39027be-4a31-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/1rHaS3jFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Warren Buffett gets into the car business
Warren Buffett is getting into the car business. Berkshire Hathaway announced it is buying the nation's fifth-largest auto dealership group, Van Tuyl Group, and likely won't stop there.
Post to Facebook
Warren Buffett gets into the car business Warren Buffett is getting into the car business. Berkshire Hathaway announced it is buying the nation's fifth-largest auto dealership group, Van Tuyl Group, and likely won't stop there. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1x3cKVQ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Warren Buffett gets into the car business
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 5:11 p.m. EDT October 2, 2014
Warren Buffett, CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, announced the firm is buying a 78-unit auto dealership.
(Photo: Robin Buckson, AP)
41 CONNECT 48 TWEET 13 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Warren Buffett is getting into the car business.
Berkshire Hathaway announced on Thursday that it is buying the nation's fifth-largest auto dealership group, Van Tuyl Group — and likely won't stop there.
"This is just the beginning for Berkshire Hathaway Automotive," says Buffett, CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, in a release hinting at more acquisitions in the highly fragmented auto dealership business.
The terms were not disclosed.
Warren Buffett writes GM to praise Cadillac dealer
The former Van Tuyl  Group will be based in Dallas and will continue to be run by Larry Van Tuyl, who will become its chairman. Jeff Rachor will become CEO.
Buffett said in an interview Thursday on CNBC that Van Tuyl will concentrate on scouting for new acquisitions.
Van Tuyl is the nation's largest privately owned dealership group, Berkshire says. The four larger groups are public companies, led by AutoNation at the top.
With $8 billion in revenue, Van Tuyl operates in Arizona, California, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Missouri, Nebraska, New Mexico and Texas. It owns or controls 78 dealerships and has more than 100 franchises. Berkshire said in the announcement that there will be no change to the business model that the company has pursued for 62 years.
Buffett, in the TV interview, said that he sees huge opportunities for market consolidation in the fragmented auto dealership business.
Stifel analyst James Albertine said the deal puts Berkshire in good position to take advantage of trends in the industry and acquire dealers that either need to plan for succession or need capital to invest.
"We continue to believe the opportunity to consolidate the auto dealership sector presents one of the best medium- to long-term growth opportunities across retail," Albertine said in a research note.
The deal is expected to close in 2015's first quarter.
This deal is only the third time Buffett has applied his conglomerate's name to one of the many businesses it owns. In 2012, Berkshire Hathaway Home Services was created, and the national real estate franchise network continues adding agents at a brisk pace. Earlier this year, the company's utility division was renamed Berkshire Hathaway Energy.
It isn't the first time this year that Buffett has shown an interest in cars. Buffett wrote General Motors CEO Mary Barra over the summer to praise his local Cadillac dealer in Omaha when his daughter went to buy him a new XTS sedan.
Contributing: The Associated Press
41 CONNECT 48 TWEET 13 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1x3cKVQ
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Stalker: Just change the channel 
In CBS’s “Stalker,” Dylan McDermott and Maggie Q portray LAPD detectives who investigate stalking incidents. (Richard Cartwright/CBS)
Several years ago, while looking for something to watch on television, I accidentally stumbled across an episode of  “Criminal Minds” in which a young woman was tied to a chair. Her eyes were taped open. A man was about to pour acid into her eyes.
I don’t know what happened next because I switched channels. It was too much to watch. Too much to even think about.
Now CBS has added “Stalker” to its lineup of “horrific, misogynistic tales,” as actor Mandy Patinkin referred to the storylines on “Criminal Minds” after he left the show. Patinkin said he quit because it “was destroying my heart and soul.”
In the opening scene of “Stalker” broadcast Wednesday night, we see a young woman screaming and crying as she’s doused with gasoline and then burned alive, trapped inside of a car that explodes right as she thinks she’s going to escape. And all the while, her assailant watches.
It’s not just the graphic depiction of violence on shows like this that bothers me — it’s also that the violence is directed specifically at women. Over and over again. Week after week. And it’s especially disturbing as we consider the real-life headlines about domestic violence and sexual assault.
“Torture porn” is how Tim Winter, president of Parents Television Council, referred to the violence in the opening scene of “Stalker” in a statement released Wednesday. “Our country is mired in a national dialogue about shocking levels of domestic violence, child abuse and sexual assault,” he said. “Entertainment that is saturated with violence against women – or violence against any person for that matter – will only foment such horrific, real-life conduct.”
“Women in Peril,” a research study by the PTC released in 2009, found violence on television, irrespective of gender, was up just 2 percent, while violence against women in TV shows had increased 120 percent over the previous five years — and violence against teen girls on TV had risen 400 percent.
That violence, or its consequences, “tends overwhelmingly to be depicted (92 percent) rather than implied (5 percent) or described (3 percent),” according to the study.
Nothing is left to our imagination with these shows.
Yet the premiere of “Stalker,” lambasted by critics before it ever aired, including Hank Steuver at The Washington Post, won its time slot  “in all key categories” and pulled in 9.1 million viewers.
That’s not surprising, according to Jim McKairnes, a former top executive at CBS and now Verizon professor at Temple University. “It’s perfectly scheduled after ‘Criminal Minds,’” he said. And it will sustain an audience as “people know what it is and what to expect.”
Yet McKairnes said he did screen an advance copy of the pilot to a class at Temple and that students gave it “a thumbs down.” He added, “A handful were fully reviled by it.”
During his time at CBS, McKairnes’s fight against what he calls “gratuitous, misogynistic violence” began after the screening of a proposed cop drama called “Cold Shoulder” in 2000 when he asked, “Why do we need to see her [a victim on the show] physically assaulted, and so violently?” He continued to ask questions like that, he said, and it became known as his “quixotic crusade.”
In 2014, he said, he’s “flabbergasted” that such scenes are still “somebody’s idea of entertainment.”
We can’t blame men. The premiere of “Stalker” was directed by a woman. A  “Mind Hunters” episode of “Cold Case” that McKairnes found particularly disturbing — it featured eight unsolved gruesome murders of young women forced to strip to their underwear, one of whom was only 14 years old — was written by two women. And it first aired Thanksgiving Sunday in 2004.
Men, not women, were the ones who spoke up when CBS held a couple of focus groups to learn whether McKairnes’s concerns were legitimate. “The women said, ‘Well, yeah, the bad guy or person was punished,’” McKairnes recounted. “These women saw it as the pursuit of justice.”
He was disappointed at the results. “Why are women allowing this?” he asked.
In his memoir about television, “The Sheep Is What Makes It Funny,”  McKairnes wrote, “…we seem to be killing an awful lot of people on a weekly basis – women, mostly, in the most heinous of tortuous ways.” He went on to describe those killings: “Kidnapped. Stripped. Tortured. Even, in the case of one series (in no fewer than three separate episodes of it), caged.”
How much of this repetitive, gratuitous violence against women influences those who hurt women?
Three women a day are killed by a husband or boyfriend. One in every four women will be the victim of domestic violence .  One in five women will be the victim of sexual assault . One in six women will be the victim of a stalker.
Where does it stop?
Kevin Williamson, the creator and executive producer of “Stalker,” when confronted about the violence in the show, said, “Turn off the channel.”
I will.

Facebook Tightens Research GuidelinesAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Why do we even have a Secret ServiceBy Jaime Fuller October 2 Follow @j_fuller
Countless scandals and 3,200 special agents in the agency's nearly 150-year history: Here's a look at the Secret Service, by the numbers. (Julie Percha/The Washington Post)
In the mid-19th century, as much as half of American currency might have been fake. Money was kind of like driver's licenses -- many states were making their own, so it was relatively easy for counterfeiters to manufacture bills without being caught.
So on April 14, 1865, the Secret Service was created by President Abraham Lincoln. They would be the Treasury Department's army, tasked with fighting financial crime. Later that day, another blind spot in the federal government's layers of protection became obvious. The President was assassinated by John Wilkes Booth, and no one was there to prevent it from happening.
Two dead presidents later, Congress decided it might be prudent to make the Secret Service's duties, "protect money ... and the president." Teddy Roosevelt became the first president to have the full protection of the Secret Service.
The idea had some beta-testing before 1901, however. President Grover Cleveland had asked for protection from the Secret Service, and had a few detectives protecting him part-time over the course of his presidency. William McKinley succeeded him, and had similar protection. Guards were placed at the White House, and people milling around in the premises at the start of the 20th century were monitored for suspicious activity.
McKinley did not like this. Ten days before he was assassinated, the Washington Post printed a story about how the president wanted everyone to chill out. The American people loved him, and would never harm him, he said.
Source: Washington Post, Sep. 10, 1901
The story began:
President McKinley, both before and since his elevation to the Presidency, invariably objected to the employment of Secret Service men during public demonstrations, frequently saying to his intimate friends: "I have never done any man a wrong, and believe no man will ever do me one." ... At the urgent solicitating of his friends, he permitted one officer in plain clothes to accompany him on special occasions
Then there were rumors of an anarchist plot to kill him.
Mr. McKinley laughed at the report, characterizing it as a canard, and again expressing the belief that he was enough of the people to trust the people.
When he moved into the White House, he asked to have sentry boxes on the front lawn removed. He would go on walks around the White House by himself in the early morning. He would drive buggies around Washington unattended. The only Secret Service agent that Mr. McKinley seemed to like having around was an old man from Ohio named George Foster.
The article ended: "Capt. Vallelay told The Post reporter of his other experiences in guarding the President, and declared that absolutely no trouble of any sort was anticipated during the visit to Buffalo."
When the remains of President McKinley returned to the White House, he was accompanied by multiple Secret Service agents.
Teddy Roosevelt did not like the idea of being watched all the time, but he and those who followed in his place didn't have much of a choice. The New York Times wrote on September 29,
"It is all very well," said an officer of experience today, "to be able to say that the President may go out strolling every day, and to come back all right without the services of a guard who knows almost everybody and a crank at sight, but the country will feel better satisfied to have the assurance that he is to take whatever exercise he needs quite free from any concern lest he meet with preventible accident."
And thus the modern Secret Service was born. The job's proximity to the president made it somewhat of a dream job too, and the Treasury Department started getting lots of applications. Not all applicants were qualified for the job, such as the astrologist who argued he would have been able to protect the president by foreseeing his impending assassination.
Source: The New York Evening Post, October 1901
Despite the Secret Service's new responsibilities, they were still tasked with looking into government fraud. During the 19th-century, they had investigated the Ku Klux Klan, mail robbers, and, of course, counterfeiters. During the Spanish-American War and World War I, they even did a bit of espionage. Over time, the Secret Service's purview in investigating fraud has grown broader as technology has advanced and laws have grown more complex. After the New Deal they began watching out for the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and more recently, they have launched some high-profile missions against hacking, credit card fraud and identity theft. The Patriot Act gave the Secret Service the authority to partner with law enforcement and other entities to help suppress Internet crimes, as a Congressional Research Service report from earlier this year notes.
The aftermath of 9/11 also sent the Secret Service to a new home. After being wedded to the Treasury Department for over a century, the Secret Service was transferred to the Department of Homeland Security in March 2003. Since then, plenty of officials have wondered if the Secret Service should be divorced from its founding purpose forever. The Secret Service has been fighting to keep this role. As Marc Ambinder wrote in his great peek at the interworkings of the Service in 2011: "It may be true that if you designed the entire national-security apparatus from scratch, investigating financial crimes would fall outside the purview of the Secret Service. But from the agency’s point of view, its hybrid nature is a feature, not a bug."
Most Americans are likely oblivious to the fact that the Secret Service has any other face than the one it wears in public, the grim-with-glasses look of the men and women near the president. The Secret Service's responsibilities in this respect have grown astronomically too. After Robert. F. Kennedy's assassination in 1968 , the Service began offering protection to presidential candidates. Former presidents were given lifetime protection -- which ended for a spell and has now been reinstated, despite budget concerns. Vice presidents and visiting foreign leaders are also offered extensive protection. If McKinley thought that having one or two Secret Service agents around was bad, he would have loathed the system in place today. When J.F.K. was shot in Dallas more than 50 years ago, there were around 38 agents present. Any big event Obama attends today requires hundreds of agents .
After the past few weeks of intense attention, the Secret Service is probably destined to change in new -- and big -- ways, but it seems doubtful that would mean a return to its earlier days, or a agency-wide reconsideration of the value of astrologists.
More more deep dives into the Secret Service, read:

India edge Pakistan 4-2 to win men s hockey gold and qualify for 2016 Olympicsmore photos »
When Dharamvir Singh found the goal past Imran Butt Thursday evening, it was the end of a 48-year-long wait. India had beaten Pakistan in the Asian Games final — the first time after 1966.
While it took Indian men 16 years to reclaim Asiad hockey gold, which also earned them a direct berth to the 2016 Rio Olympics, the women’s 4x400m relay quartet set a Games record of 3 minutes 28.68 seconds, winning the title a fourth time running.
The hockey final lived up to its top-billing, with arch-rivals refusing to give an inch and playing out a 1-1 draw in regulation time. India then held their nerve to win the shootout 4-2 and clinch their first gold since the 1998 Bangkok Games.
Indian goalkeeper Sreejesh is congratulated by the entire team after he saved two penalties in the final shoot out. (PTI Photo)
 Though India had finished runners-up in the Glasgow Commonwealth Games, there was tension in the air after their 1-2 defeat against Pakistan in the group stage.
And concerns grew after Muhammad Rizwan Sr put defending champions Pakistan ahead in the third minute.
Congrats to Indian men's hockey team & women 4x400m relay team for having won gold medals in Asian Games #PresidentMukherjee — President of India (@RashtrapatiBhvn) October 2, 2014
However, Kothajit Singh equalised in the 27th minute and an experienced India, cheered on by hundreds of fans, were brimming with confidence going into the penalty shootout.
For India, Akashdeep Singh, Rupinder Pal Singh and Birender Lakra slotted home, showing neat tactics. India erupted in celebrations when Dharamvir’s flick home put the game beyond Pakistan’s reach.
Goalkeeper PR Sreejesh was India’s hero. He thwarted Abdul Haseem Khan and Umar Bhutta, with only Muhammad Waqas and Shafqat Abbasi managing to convert.
We are going to the OLYMPICSSSSSSSSS GOLD MEDALISTS— Sardar Singh (@8_SardarSingh) October 2, 2014
The last time India beat Pakistan in an Asian Games hockey final was at Bangkok in 1966. Since then, they had lost five times to their traditional rivals in the title clash, the most painful one being the 1-7 rout at New Delhi in 1982.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi led the praise for India’s performances. “Very good day for India at the Asian Games. Congrats to our hockey team and congrats to our women athletes for the gold in 4x400 metres relay,” he said.
Very good day for India at the Asian Games. Congrats to our Hockey Team & congrats to our women athletes for the Gold in 4x400 metres relay.— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) October 2, 2014
Sreejesh dedicated the triumph to the Indian Army while India’s Australian coach Terry Walsh set his sights on the team getting better for the Olympics in two years. “This is a special moment for Indian hockey. It’s a big moment for the players and my congratulations to them,” he said.
The defeat prolonged the misery for Pakistan, who failed to qualify for this year’s World Cup and now face a hazardous qualification road to Rio.

Sarita may approach CAS for justiceprint
A day after making the boxing world sit up and take notice with her silent protest, L Sarita Devi told HT that there will be no apology whatsoever from her side to the Incheon Games officials or the international boxing association (AIBA) for her outburst against the judges who robbed her of a place in the final.
Even as she and her husband, Thoiba Singh, prepared to leave for India on Thursday, the belligerent stance was intact. Thoiba said he would knock on the doors of the highest international authority to bring justice to Sarita.
“We will approach the Court of Arbitration for Sports (CAS) in Lausanne and every possible level to ensure she gets her rightful place in Asian Games history. But first we will wait for the decision of the disciplinary case opened against Sarita and then decide the future course of action,” Thoiba said.
The AIBA supervisor and technical delegate for the Incheon Games, David B Francis, had submitted a report to the Olympic Council of Asia (OCA) stating that the incident “looked like a well-planned scenario by her and her team... In this regard, as the technical delegate, I had to request OCA to review this incident, so that any boxer or athlete in other sports will not follow in her footsteps….”
But Sarita categorically said: “We will not take the medal back. It’s my gift to the country.” Thoiba however said: “We will think about it when we reach India but for now we are not going to take back the medal.”
Thoiba though toned down his wife’s criticism of the support staff, saying she did not say anything against the coaching staff, including chief coach GS Sandhu. “Sarita didn’t say a word against Sandhu,” said Thoiba, though in the heat of the moment she had lambasted the entire coaching staff, saying “no one, not even my coaches, came to help me even as I cried and felt humiliated.”
Thoiba though said that she was extremely sore about the IOA and other top Indian dignitaries “witnessing the match from the VIP gallery” who did not approach her even as the time to file the protest was ran out.

Future Group brands may be sold through AmazonThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Modi invite: Tharoor sayshonouredPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 2:12 am
Probabaly caught by surprise by the invitation extended to him by PM Narendra Modi Thursday morning to join the Swachh Bharat campaign, Congress leader Shashi Tharoor said he felt “honoured” to be invited but said the drive must not be mere “tokenism”.
Tharoor was among the nine people Modi said he had invited to work towards Clean India. Active on Twitter and never the one to shy away from speaking his mind, Tharoor did not acknowledge or respond to the invitation till late evening. In a series of tweets in the evening, Tharoor clarified he had been travelling and came to know of the invitation only after his flight landed.
“Honoured to accept the invitation of PM @narendramodi to join Clean India campaign. Just landed in Bucharest & heard d (the) news. Action on return,” he tweeted.
“Informed @PMOIndia (Prime Minister’s Office) I was on a flight to Romania to attend&address #BucharestForum when his announcement came. Back Sunday. Clean India is4all,” another tweet said.
“I am not a fan of tokenism. CleanIndia is a great campaign but challenge will be2sustain it beyond a week of photo ops. Mindsets must change,” he said.
The Congress, meanwhile, sought to downplay Modi’s invitation to Tharoor. Former minister Rajiv Shukla said being invited for a government event should not lead to any conclusions about “Tharoor inching towards the BJP”. “Why should we be surprised about it? There are a lot many things, which every government has to do and the Opposition has to cooperate… Government and Opposition together do a lot many things,” he said.

Chavan favoured builders  will expose him: AjitPawarPrint
Written by Manoj Dattatrye More | Pune | Posted: October 3, 2014 2:11 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 6:54 pm
Even as former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has started his campaign in Karad South highlighting that he had brought in development projects worth Rs 1,800 crore there, NCP leader Ajit Pawar, who was his deputy in the Congress-NCP government, on Thursday said Chavan’s “real face” would be unmasked in a couple of days.
“In two-three days, my RTI application will reveal the answers,” Pawar told The Indian Express.
Pawar said he had information that Chavan had in the last two months of his tenure approved files of several top builders and developers that were earlier rejected. Demanding a probe, Pawar said what raised his suspicion was a notification that was issued and withdrawn in a span of two days. “This notification was apparently issued to favour top builders,” said Pawar.
The former deputy CM said he had already filed an RTI application and expected to get a reply in two-three days. “The reply will expose how many files of builders and developers were cleared in the last two months,” he said. Asked to name the builders, Pawar said: “There were many…hold on for some time, you will come to know,” he said.
When asked about the Rs 1,800-crore development projects that Chavan claimed to have launched in his Karad South constituency, Pawar said: “As far as I remember, I had approved the renovation of the samadhi area of former deputy prime minister Yashwantrao Chavan and other works costing Rs 100 crore or so. We had helped approve a couple of more projects. Actually, our leader Sharad Pawar had directed me to help out Chavan. So I did, but I am not aware of the Rs 1,800-crore projects that were sanctioned for one particular constituency,” he said.
Pawar said he was surprised that Chavan could get projects worth such a huge amount sanctioned for a single constituency. Incidentally, Chavan not only approved the projects, but also inaugurated some of them, say his associates.
On the other hand, Vilas Patil-Undalkar, a seven-time MLA from Karad South, said: “Whenever my projects were approved by the state government, the local civic body dominated by Chavan’s supporters did not give the NOC. As a result, funds were returned and the projects remained a non-starter…” he alleged.
The Chavan camp, meanwhile, said it was not worried about the threat of exposure issued by Pawar.
BJP, Shiv Sena post-poll alliance not ruled out yet
With Shiv Sena’s Anant Geete not resigning from the Centre, speculation is rife that both Sena and BJP are keeping the option of a post-poll alliance open.
A Sena-BJP tie-up is possible in the event of either of them falling short of majority after results are declared, say party leaders. Geete told The Indian Express Thursday that he was staying put in the Union cabinet as nobody had asked him to resign. “Our party chief has not asked me to resign, and I am not resigning on my own,” he said, adding that the BJP too has not asked continued…

Dynamic pricing to push up TatkalfaresPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 2:09 am
In a bid to shore up its revenues, the Indian Railways has decided to sell 50 per cent of tatkal tickets through the system of dynamic pricing. This means that while the first half of the total number of tatkal tickets will be sold at existing tatkal rates, which are up to 30 per cent higher than normal fare, the second half will be sold at progressively higher prices.
The new scheme will be implemented on the most popular trains, tatkal tickets for which face huge demand across the country.
Each of the 16 zonal railways has been asked to identify five most popular trains and implement the scheme.
According to the system, after 50 per cent of the tatkal tickets are sold, rates would go up after every 10 per cent. The system, which was rolled out on October 1, will be fully implemented within a week.
Facing questions about the need for such a move, especially when diesel prices are stable in the country, the Railways claimed that it was necessary to ward off the menace of touts.
Officials in the Railways Ministry believe that touts hoard tatkal tickets illegally and charge hefty premium on them from needy passengers. This signifies that passengers are willing to pay a higher price for confirmed tickets, so the ministry decided to charge that premium itself.
Since it is mandatory for passengers to provide identification details to book tatkal tickets, the Railways was unable to explain how a huge amount of tatkal quota tickets were in the grip of touts.
“As per our internal assessment, touts were hoarding tatkal tickets and were selling them at much higher prices to needy passengers. This move is to provide relief to genuine passengers so they don’t fall prey to unlawful elements,” said a Railways spokesperson.
Currently, tatkal charges are 10 per cent of basic fare for second class and 30 per cent of basic fare for all other classes.
The tatkal scheme currently covers around 2,677 trains. According to Railways figures, around 1.71 lakh seats, of the 11.57 lakh available, can be booked under the scheme. It is also a prominent source of income for the Railways, raking in about Rs 1,000 crore last year.

Pranab: Govt alone cant make IndiacleanNew Delhi/ Kirnahar (west Bengal) | Posted: October 3, 2014 2:08 am
By: ENS&PTI
Calling upon all Indians to get involved in the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, President Pranab Mukherjee Thursday said the government cannot do it without people’s involvement.
Flagging off the mission in Birbhum district, Mukherjee called upon the people to get themselves involved in the mission of making India clean saying that it is not possible for the government alone to accomplish the tasks of eradication of illiteracy, bringing cleanliness, keeping the environment green and maintaining ecological and environmental balance.
In the states, the chief ministers and governors started the drive by administering the pledge and picking up broom themselves.
CHHATISGARH: Accompanied by senior officials, CM Raman Singh visited a crematorium and cleaned it as part of the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan. Earlier in the day, he visited a government school and administered the cleanliness oath to students. Similar functions were held across the state.
BIHAR: CM Jitan Ram Manjhi, Union ministers Ramvilas Paswan, Ravi Shankar Prasad and Upendra Kushwaha and actor-politician Shatrughan Sinha took up the broom at various places in the state.
GUJARAT: CM Anandi Patel launched the drive from Porbandar, Mahatma Gandhi’s birth place, and urged people to change their mindset. She first wielded a broom and cleaned the garbage on a street leading to Kirti temple.
UTTAR PRADESH: Union minister Maneka Gandhi took part in the Swachh Bharat mission at the railway station in Pilibhit. She reached the station around 12.30 pm and inspected the cleanliness there.
TAMIL NADU: Governor K Rosaiah initiated the cleanliness drive at the Raj Bhawan. He said that cleanliness should begin from home and appealed that everyone should take it as their bounden duty to keep the surroundings clean.

GM sales rebound in September  rise 19 per centYou are here: Home > Collections
General Motors' sales rebound in September, rise 19 per cent
New York Times Oct 3, 2014, 05.54AM IST
Tags:
Chevrolet
By Aaron M Kessler
DETROIT: After stumbling in August, General Motors rebounded in the showroom in September. The Detroit automaker, which has been struggling to emerge from the worst safety crisis in its history, said its sales for the month increased 19% compared with a year ago.
GM matched the continued strong performance by the Chrysler Group, which reported a 19% increase in September, the company's 54th consecutive month of yearover-year gains. But Ford Motor lagged its crosstown rivals, as its sales fell 3% for the month.
Overall, the US auto industry roared ahead in September, with sales rising by 9%. Automakers sold 1.2 million vehicles in the United States, for a seasonally adjusted annual estimate of 16.4 million. At the same time last year, sales were running at an estimated annual rate of 15.4 million. A huge part of GM's sales growth came from one vehicle: its full-size pickup truck, the Silverado, which surged 54% in September, or nearly 18,000 additional trucks compared with last year.
That is more than the Buick brand's total sales for September and nearly half of GM's entire growth for the month. Analysts said the Silverado, which was heavily promoted in September, benefited from Ford's Dearborn truck plant sitting idle while being retooled for the coming aluminum-body F-150 pickup.
F-series truck sales fell 1 per cent last month. "GM's Truck Month could not have been more perfectly timed," said Jessica Caldwell, senior analyst at Edmunds.com.
"With Ford F-150 production on the shelf,GM had an easier path to showcase Silverado to truck shoppers." GM's strong performance was announced on the same day it made public a series of initiatives to restore stability and profits after damaging revelations this year that it had not recalled millions of older cars with a defective ignition switch. At least 23 deaths have been linked to the defect.
Overall, Chevrolet sales rose 20%. GMC increased 28% and Buick was up 12% for the month compared with a year earlier. GM incentives helped sales. Data from Edmunds. com show GM increased its incentives by 12% in September compared with a year earlier. Silverado discounts and other incentives increased 42%, to more than $5,300 per truck, according to Edmunds.
Incentives for GM's other pickup truck, the GMC Sierra, were up 44% compared with a year earlier. The best-selling Cruze, whose sales rose 45%, also was pushed harder by GM in September, with a year-over-year increase of 77% -- pushing Cruze total incentives over $3,000. Chrysler's increase was spurred once again by its trucks. Ram pickup sales rose 30%, their best September. The factory that builds the Ram pickups, in Warren, Michigan, recently announced it would increase production by 100 trucks a day to meet demand.
The plant has already been working 20 hours a day, six days a week. Sales of Chrysler's Jeep brand also continued to soar in September, with a 47% gain, a record for the month. Among domestic automakers, Ford was the laggard. Its weak performance followed its warning this week of lower profit margins for the rest of the year. Among Ford passenger cars, only the Fusion had sales gains for the month.
Ford's SUVs were mixed, with models like the best-selling Explorer up 1% and the Flex up 3% while Edge sales fell by 10% and the Escape by 4%. The company's Lincoln luxury brand did well in September, bolstering sales by 13% compared with a year earlier. All of the growth, though, came from Lincoln's SUVs; sales of its two sedans each fell by double digits. John Felice, Ford's vice-president for American marketing, said the company expected to sell higher volumes once the new F-150 aluminum truck hits the market late this year. But some shoppers are not waiting.
 
"What seems to happen when you get something like a lull in the F-150, is that some customers are willing to consider another brand," Larry Dominique, an analyst with TrueCar, said. "And that's what's going on right now." Among foreign automakers, Nissan led the way, with sales increasing 18.5%.
Honda increased 12% and Toyota rose only 2%. Volkswagen continued to lag the industry, falling by 9% overall despite a 14% increase by its luxury Audi division.
FEATURED ARTICLES

KKR to invest Rs 750 cr in 2 realty projs in...US private equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts to invest Rs 750 crore in 2 realty projects in metros
Sabarinath M, ET Bureau Oct 3, 2014, 05.55AM IST
Tags:
Bhartiya Group
(KKR has struck a structured…)
MUMBAI: US private equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co has made its entry in the country's real estate sector by finalising investments of Rs 750 crore in two property projects. KKR has struck a structured debt transaction for Rs 400 crore for the Bhartiya Group's integrated township project in Bangalore, two people with direct knowledge of the transactions said.
It also agreed to provide a Rs 350 crore structured loan to the Wadhwa Group's luxury home project in west central Mumbai, they said. The group will use the money to repay other lenders of the project, where the cost of apartments ranges from Rs 1.5 crore to Rs 10 crore. The Bhartiya Group plans to invest Rs 10,000 crore in the township project, which includes houses in various formats, an IT zone and a shopping district. The project, which will come up on 125 acres of land in north Bangalore, will be developed over 7-10 years. "These two investments represent KKR's commitment to participate in India's long-term growth story for the sector. The idea is to do investments in a calibrated manner with high quality partners," one of the people said.
KKR declined to comment. The Bhartiya Group and the Wadhwa Group did not respond to e-mailed queries seeking comment.
KKR's investments come when rival Blackstone Group has emerged as the secondlargest owner of office space in India. In the past two years, Blackstone has invested about $700 million, amassing a total of 24 million square feet of office space, behind DLF's 27 million square feet. Blackstone controls about 20 million square feet of office space with joint venture partner and commercial space developer Embassy Group.
India is likely to witness an infrastructure boom, providing real estate with an advantageous edge as an investment vehicle, multinational property consultant firm Jones Lang LaSalle said in a research report.
"Investments, including FDI in the real estate sector, are bound to give high yields provided the projects are timely and properly executed," said Rajesh Narain Gupta, Managing Partner at SNG & Partners, a law firm with practices in areas including real estate. KKR is gearing up to focus on real estate. Last year, it hired Ashish Khandelia from Morgan Stanley to spearhead its real estate initiatives.
Khandelia assembled a team that includes Saurabh Gupta, who was previously with SUN-AREA Property Partners. KKR and GIC, Singapore's sovereign wealth fund, have set up an NBFC to invest in real estate projects in India.
GIC had committed an investment of $150 million in the NBFC.
The focus on the Indian real estate market comes after KKR's broader plan to move beyond leveraged buyouts worldwide. Ralph Rosenberg, a real estate industry veteran who was previously a partner at Goldman Sachs Group, joined KKR in 2011 as the global head of its real estate platform. The PE major raised $1.5 billion in real estate funds for the western markets last year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

JPMorgan Says Data Breach Affected 76M HouseholdsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Main St. gets more optimistic: PNC survey
Reports: JPMorgan Says Data Breach Hit 76 Million Householdsreddit
A cyber attack at America's biggest bank this summer affected more than half of all U.S. households -- far, far more than previously estimated, and the latest in a string of massive, unnerving data breaches.
The attack at JPMorgan Chase affected the data of 76 million households and 7 million businesses, the bank said in a regulatory filing on Thursday.
That impact was far bigger than earlier estimates that about 1 million customers had been affected, the New York Times noted . It represents more than half of the roughly 115 million households in America.
Hackers attacked the bank's computer systems periodically between mid-June and mid-August, according to The Wall Street Journal. The attackers accessed customer names, email addresses, phone numbers and physical addresses, along with "internal JPMorgan Chase information relating to such users," the bank said in its regulatory filing . The bank didn't describe what sort of information that was.
The bank said it has seen no evidence that "account numbers, passwords, user IDs, dates of birth or Social Security numbers" were taken, and it has not yet seen any signs of fraudulent activity using the leaked data.
JPMorgan Chase representatives did not immediately return a request for further comment on the breach, which is under investigation by the FBI. Earlier on Thursday, a NYT report on the JPMorgan filing mistakenly suggested that the bank had suffered a second major breach. The paper has since corrected that story .
For context on the size of this breach, a recent cyber attack against Home Depot affected 56 million customer cards, in what was reported to be the biggest retail hack in history. Late last year, a data breach at Target affected roughly 40 million customers at the height of the holiday shopping season.
More:

Maharashtra polls: Modi to hold poll rallies in Maharashtra from Oct 4Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Modi has more American FB fans than many US politiciansThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Marketsentiment  please ask rakesh j  who is ca  what is meaning of 85...Platinum Member
171 Followers
Marketsentiment ji, did you read my previous messages, which were info from page 16 to 20 of agm report. They have clearly stated, that delivery of api( Active pharmaceutical ingredient)has started to japan market , which is very very good -margin wise. In the report of agm, promoter cmd has clearly stated, that margin in the domestic market( He means india market) is very low, as compared to european market( 20 % npm) and now think, in japan market, even margin wise, it is better than european market. So do not wait, till upper circuit, at that time, the sellers will vanish, every one is intelligent these days, they are also watching share movement and they do read all kind of stuf to know, about pharma sector, if you want to keep for at least one or two years, then dont worry for one rupee here and there, just buy it and forget it. God will bless us. Regards.
4.03 AM Oct 2nd

Marketsentiment ji  if you visit indiainfoline dot com site and look f...Platinum Member
171 Followers
Marketsentiment ji, did you read my previous messages, which were info from page 16 to 20 of agm report. They have clearly stated, that delivery of api( Active pharmaceutical ingredient)has started to japan market , which is very very good -margin wise. In the report of agm, promoter cmd has clearly stated, that margin in the domestic market( He means india market) is very low, as compared to european market( 20 % npm) and now think, in japan market, even margin wise, it is better than european market. So do not wait, till upper circuit, at that time, the sellers will vanish, every one is intelligent these days, they are also watching share movement and they do read all kind of stuf to know, about pharma sector, if you want to keep for at least one or two years, then dont worry for one rupee here and there, just buy it and forget it. God will bless us. Regards.
4.03 AM Oct 2nd

In morepen  since  who is owner (family division was there in morepen ...Platinum Member
171 Followers
In morepen, since, who is owner,(FAMILY division was there in morepen recently) so now , who so ever is controlling the company, he will first grab the shares at the LOWEST POSIBLE PRICE (by doing all tricks, of UP CIRCLE OR DOWN CIRCLE, this is called hammering, when ever lower circuit starts, weak hands becomes SELLERS and then buyer gets UPPER HAND TO BUY at lower price) so if some one keeps it for 2-3 yrs, it can come out good. 90 crores of QUARTERLY SALE is not that bad either, a little bit of equity is on higher side, it is 89.96 crores, NOT 209 CRORES, as mentioned by some boarder here or on morepen lab board, 209 crores is AUTHORISED EQUITY, but not ISSUED AND SUBSCRIBED. This more pen will give you more money, I do hope. God will bless us.

I think gap down is a definite if global market don`t improve signific...Silver Member
3 Followers
I have not seen this gap down so difficult to comment, my comment on general perception which starts chanting bear mkt arrived. I mean when u see 100 point down we starts hearing 7000... same way if 200 points upside chants of 9000... I don`t know what will happen on tuesday morning with 100% accuracy but sure that there won`t be bloodbath as imagined. I have seen one incident where SGX was trading 80 points down be4 start but mkt opens 30 points down and with blink turn positive...

How much do Illinois companies invest in themselves0
Shares of Lake Barrington-based CTI Industries have lagged the market since early 2013, down 28 percent compared with a 39 percent gain for the S&P 500.
"We significantly expanded our warehouse, packaging and fulfillment facilities and operations during 2013," CTI said in its annual report.
In the first quarter of 2014, it said it bought printing equipment that will nearly double its printing capacity "to support our growing sales of foil balloons."
The company develops and makes such "flexible film" products as novelty foil balloons, along with pouches and rolls of film for vacuum sealing of food and household items, including under its ZipVac brand as well as bags that SC Johnson markets under the Ziploc brand.
Last year, CTI's capital spending as a percentage of its $56 million in sales was 3.7 percent, up from 2.4 percent the previous year but about half its 2007 level.
Foil balloons account for more than 40 percent of its sales; Dollar Tree accounts for 28 percent of the company's business, and Wal-Mart accounts for 12 percent.
Among CTI's facilities, according to its 2013 annual report: a 75,000-square-foot facility in Lake Barrington that includes headquarters, production and warehouse space; a 118,000-square-foot facility in Lake Zurich consisting of a warehouse, packaging and office space; and operations in Guadalajara, Mexico; Rugby, England; and Heusenstamm, Germany.
Capital spending by big manufacturers varied widely.
In the first half of 2014, Peoria-based Caterpillar, which makes earthmoving equipment and other machines, nearly halved its capital expenditures to about $700 million, from the same period the prior year.
"We invested early during this cycle," Chief Executive Doug Oberhelman told analysts in July. "Our capex needs are pretty well met."
Spending rates surge
Then there are companies like Chicago Rivet & Machine. The Naperville-based manufacturer boosted its capital spending as a percentage of revenues to more than 9 percent last year from about 3 percent in 2012. That's at least a seven-year high for the North American automotive supplier, which also has plants in Albia, Iowa; Tyrone, Pa.; and Madison Heights, Mich. Nearly all of its capital expenditures went toward equipment for its fastener operations.
"Our profitable results since the end of the recession have allowed us to make significant investments in our operations, which have provided additional capacity and production capabilities," Chicago Rivet said in its annual report. "These investments allow us to take advantage of opportunities that may improve revenue and profitability in the future."
FreightCar America's capital expenditures as a percentage of its revenues rose to 6 percent from 1.3 percent. That's also at least a seven-year high for the Chicago-based maker of rail cars.
The $17.3 million in spending was mostly equipment purchases for FreightCar's recently opened Shoals facility in Cherokee, Ala. The company expects total capital expenditures to be about $10 million this year, including additional outlays for Shoals.
FreightCar also has a Danville, Ill., plant that resumed production in June 2014 after being idled for more than a year, FreightCar said in a recent filing.
Though capital spending doesn't seem to be in the short-term interests of shareholders, companies that invest in themselves don't uniformly suffer on the stock market.
FreightCar's total return last year was 20 percent, lagging the 32 percent of the S&P 500. But year to date, FreightCar's total return is 36 percent, compared with 9 percent for the wider market.

How Sweet It Is: Pepsi Debuts (Sort Of) Healthy Soda
Anti-Facebook Ello gets flood of interest© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/85ad65e0-48e4-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brent oil retreats to 28-month low© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4be67d8c-4a16-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Buffett s Berkshire Hathaway Buys Auto DealerAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

GM and rivals launch drive for profitsGM and Ford face challenge to plot course to profitable growth
By Robert Wright in Milford
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/071806b8-49a2-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Aereo lives FCC may call Web TV  cableDaniel Wroclawski
October 02, 2014
Yes, the little internet TV service that was shut down by a Supreme Court decision earlier this year may yet live on.
According to industry journal Multichannel News , the FCC is looking into changing the rules for over-the-top (OTT) services like Aereo, giving them "FCC-enforced access" to carry regular TV channels. This would effectively provide them with the same status as traditional cable and satellite companies, but also require them to pay retransmission fees and honor exclusivity rights.
Such a change would pave the way for Aereo's return, albeit at what would likely be a higher price point.
Such a change would pave the way for Aereo's return, albeit at what would likely be a higher price point.
According to a recent, tentative ruling by the FCC, content providers must own the infrastructure that delivers their services in order to earn FCC-endorsed access. This arrangement naturally excludes web TV companies, which don't own your internet connection.
Now, the FCC is debating amending that requirement—a move that would radically change the web TV landscape. Broadcasters and cable companies haven't yet weighed in on the proposed change, but in the past the National Cable & Telecommunications Association has argued in favor of the "transmission path" requirement.
In case you're wondering, such a change would not affect your Netflix subscription. The proposed rule change would only apply to internet TV services that offer pre-programmed content—not on-demand video.
If the FCC goes through with this rule change, it will certainly give Aereo a leg up in its attempts to return to service, potentially allowing the startup to finally get a live streaming license . But its revival also depends on whether it can make amends with the broadcasters it took to the Supreme Court.

US inflation expectations flashing redAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Going public  is tougher goingEMAIL
AP
Stock of young companies practically sells itself when the market is ripping. But it’s a tougher sell when the market sours.
It’s been a rip-roaring year for companies to sell stock to the public for the first time. So far this year, 212 companies successfully sold stock to the public for the first time, which is more than the 128 that did in all of 2012, says Renaissance Capital, which manages an IPO exchange-traded fund. The market’s strength his year gives the IPO market power.
But with the broad market rolling over, some wondering if that could chill the IPO market. The IPO sets its tempo to the broad market and relies on strong demand for new stock. Just two companies have set initial price ranges on their stock for next week, says Francis Gaskins of Equities.com. Compare that to this week, where eight companies have sold shares.
And on Wednesday, cloud storage company Box which filed for an IPO in March, indicated it is putting off its deal until at least 2015, reports Bloomberg citing people familiar with the matter.
Even so, it’s way too soon to pronounce the death of the strong IPO market, Gaskins says. Investors have been lukewarm on Box from the start. The company reported a loss of $169 million for the year ended in January, which was even greater than its revenue, Gaskins says. Meanwhile, companies like Microsoft are offering lower-cost storage offerings to consumers and business through OneDrive and Office 365.
And the IPO market remains strong. Just this week, six companies have successfully sold shares to the public despite the market’s volatility. One of the stocks, substance abuse center operator American Addiction, is up 28% Thursday from the initial price of $15 a share.
No companies have officially withdrawn IPO plans in October so far, Renaissance says. And the IPO pipeline continues to swell. So far, 300 companies have filed plans to sell shares to the public this year, which is 17% more than in all of 2013, Renaissance says. Two companies have filed IPO plans in October.
Furthermore, while appetite for tech stocks can be fickle, tech isn’t the biggest driver of the IPO market anyway. Health care IPOs have accounted for 31% of the IPOs the past 12 months, Renaissance says.
If anything, companies and their underwriters may pause before putting their price range on shares, Gaskins says, but not necessarily withdraw plans. That will give companies a chance to watch the market’s movement before committing.
“Filings may slow down a little bit,” Gaskins says. “But there’s a big backlog.”

Ebola is here  and Fox is on itBy Alexandra Petri October 2 Follow @petridishes
“But it’s here!”
I have a bone to pick with medical experts. Ebola is here, in the United States. But they insist on remaining calm and trusting in the science, as though the virus had not become MAGICALLY DIFFERENT by virtue of passing into this great land. Remain calm and trust in the science? It’s in America! Clearly things are different now. I know from watching numerous films on pandemics, some even starring Kevin Spacey, that the instant there is a red dot flashing on this side of the Atlantic, everything is over for all of us and anyone not panicking is COVERING THINGS UP for the GOVERNMENT.
And yet medical science keeps saying “There really is no risk during that plane ride” and “There is no doubt in my mind that we will stop it here.”
We could have a perfectly good panic, and they just aren’t playing along. This calm would be fine and even praiseworthy if it were still confined to another continent. As an American, one of my biggest hobbies is remaining totally indifferent to what goes on in other continents.
You could, if you wanted to, view this as a sad statement about the conversion factor of panic.
One million lives threatened by Ebola in West Africa? Seems like it’s probably under control.
One Texan? OH GOD OH GOD WE’RE ALL GOING TO DIE PANIC CHAOS MAYHEM HIDE YOUR WIVES AND CHATTELS.
“Now,” people scream, securing themselves in airtight bunkers, “that Ebola has penetrated the shield of Being American In America, there is no telling what it will do.”
Already, we are approaching this crisis with all the calm, restraint and faith in medical science that characterizes our approach to things like vaccinating our children. “I hear what science says,” we say. “And I think science makes some interesting points. But I think we’re neglecting the merits of irrational panic a little bit.”
Fortunately Elizabeth Hasselbeck is here to help, getting medical professionals onto a couch long enough to tackle these questions. (“BUT IT’S HERE!”)
“You have a very calm tone . . . but I think the rest of us are saying wait a minute, there’s a lot of panic when it comes to flu, to lice, you know? As a parent I’m thinking, there should be a little bit of a justification for worry here,” she observed.
Doctor, IT’S HERE! What you’re saying sounds calm and reasonable and I’m sure was FINE when it was affecting OTHER people, but now it’s in Texas, which means that something’s different. At a bare minimum, it’s Bigger. Everything’s bigger in Texas.
How can we be saved? There are a few options:
– Believe the repeated assurances of medical professionals who state that only contact with the infected or their bodily fluids can lead to infection.
NOPE, INADEQUATE
– Never again leave your house.
Who needs to leave a house, anyway? This is the age of the introvert, and we might as well embrace it. Everything you need, except literal human contact, is now readily accessible online. And who needs that?
– Move to a small island just offshore.
Not only is it safer, but think of the tax inversions!
– Get into an airtight plastic suit right now.
When confronted about this, say that it’s your Halloween costume. Like most holidays, Halloween starts earlier and earlier every year, so this will be believable.
– Find someone who looks like a witch and threaten to burn him or her at the stake unless he “calls off the demon pestilence.”
– Hide under the bed.
Ebola can’t get you if you’re hiding under the bed. Nothing can get you if you hide under the bed.
– Never touch anyone again.
If this stops being fun, just pretend you’re Rogue from the X-Men. “I’m not panicking,” you can tell yourself. “I’m cosplaying.”
– Stop seeing people.
– Build a moat around your house.
You know you wanted one anyway.
– Try to get yourself cryogenically frozen.
No time like the present. Leave specific instructions on the side of the freezing chamber stating that you are not to be reawakened until they sort out all potential mass epidemics and any other World Problems that have been casting a pall over your Cheerios lately. Be prepared to sleep a long time.
Alexandra Petri writes the ComPost blog, offering a lighter take on the news and opinions of the day.

M. Shannon Hernandez(0) Comments | Posted September 12, 2014 | 8:05 AM
Disclaimer: This is probably going to be one of the shortest blog posts I have ever written.
I get asked these two questions a lot:
How do I attract clients through my content?
How do I know what to write about?
There are countless blog posts online that will...
The Back-to-School Book List for the Educated Teacher and Parent
(0) Comments | Posted September  9, 2014 | 3:40 PM
Students, teachers, and parents are getting back into the swing of school routines, and this reminds us once again that learning never stops -- even after our formal years of schooling. One of the best ways to explore our own curiosities, learn something new, and understand and connect with others...
The Miseducation of the Masses
(0) Comments | Posted September  4, 2014 | 1:39 PM
As millions of students head back to school, experiencing the familiar mix of dread and excitement which comes with a new academic year, they also face a new degree of anxiety represented by the vast amount of pressure from the high stakes testing that awaits them. As a former public...
An Interview With Dr. Yohuru Williams on Corporate Education Reform: 'We Aren't Buying It."
(2) Comments | Posted August 21, 2014 | 5:29 AM
Teachers from across the nation stood in solidarity on July 27, 2014 , using their voices to speak out about many of the issues plaguing the nation's public education system. The mood at the front entrance of the U.S. Department of Education in Washington, D.C., was one of hope...
An Open Letter to Whoopi Goldberg and 'The View' Regarding Teacher Tenure
(439) Comments | Posted August  8, 2014 | 10:29 AM
I am writing you today to shed some light on teacher "tenure," better described as due process. Your comments over the past week regarding teacher tenure have created much controversy across this nation, but more than that, your words were perceived as an attack on teachers. I personally would like...
Voices From the Virtual Street: What Does Public Education Mean to You?
(26) Comments | Posted August  1, 2014 | 10:34 AM
I am a product of public education. I was raised in central Illinois, and I had teachers who not only served as role models, coaches, and mentors, but many who have become life-long friends.
My public school years gave me a stellar education -- one which was rooted in...
Teachers Occupy the US Department of Education in Washington, DC
(57) Comments | Posted July 29, 2014 | 1:43 PM
I boarded the Amtrak early Sunday morning in New York City and headed into Washington, DC. The weekend had finally arrived where teachers from across this nation were going to show our solidarity and use our voices to fight for public education. Educators,...
20 Content Ideas to Brand Yourself as an Expert
(4) Comments | Posted July 24, 2014 | 9:22 PM
Content marketing gives you the ability to let your individual and unique light shine in the business world. When you focus on what you want to be known for, over and over, and over again, your brand becomes stronger and more cohesive. But, you must have a solid content strategy...
3 Ways Berlin Changed My Life and My Business
(0) Comments | Posted June 20, 2014 | 6:47 PM
Between the months of April and May, my husband and I traveled to Berlin for 15 days. We stayed in Kreuzberg. Yes...we had fun. Yes...we had some unexpected stuff happen (terrible sickness).
But do you know what came out of that trip, more than anything else, for me?
Clarity and...
5 Signs Your Business Needs an In-House Copywriter
(0) Comments | Posted June  4, 2014 | 10:30 PM
Copywriting, in a nutshell, is the sales and marketing of your company. It incorporates all the content that is needed on to keep your business running -- consistently and smoothly -- day in and day out.
Copywriting Services

Rep. Suzanne BonamiciGET UPDATES FROM Rep. Suzanne Bonamici
 
Like
Congresswoman Suzanne Bonamici represents Oregon's First Congressional District. She sits on the House's Education and the Workforce Committee and is the Ranking Member on the Science, Space, and Technology's Environment Subcommittee. Congresswoman Bonamici is also a co-founder of the bipartisan STEAM Caucus.
Entries by Rep. Suzanne Bonamici
Women at Work
(0) Comments | Posted October  2, 2014 | 2:00 PM
I remember working at my mother's small retail store as a teenager, helping her assist customers, stock shelves, and change window displays. The store kept my mother busy, and she worked tirelessly to keep the business open while caring for my brothers and me, the house, and a big garden....
Our Oceans Can't Wait Any Longer
(0) Comments | Posted August  4, 2014 | 4:54 PM
Congress has now adjourned for the month of August with many issues still unaddressed. In the House of Representatives several key policy provisions remain in limbo - extending emergency unemployment insurance, a long-term solution to infrastructure funding, and the broken immigration system. And the House has not taken even a...

5 reasons why a 10% correction could be bullish5 reasons why a 10% correction could be bullish
By: Adam Shell October 2, 2014 3:00 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Oct. 1, 2014. (Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
If the S&P 500 stock index keeps tumbling and goes on to post its first 10% price correction in three years, many Wall Street pros say it might actually be a good thing for the stock market.
“You never want to hope for a correction, but we are overdue,” says Bill Hornbarger, chief investment strategist at Moneta Group.
The last time the benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500 suffered an “official” correction, or a drop of 10% or more from a prior closing high, was nearly three years, or 36 months, ago — when a 19.4% decline ended on Oct. 3, 2011. Corrections typically occur every 18 to 20 months.
And one of the big reasons Wall Street bears cite when calling for a significant stock market selloff is the fact that we haven’t had a correction in such a long, long time. The other reasons are now greatly publicized: the pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong and other geopolitical risks, the coming interest rate hikes from the Federal Reserve  and the emerging Ebola crisis.
Before we outline the reasons why a double-digit percentage downdraft might be bullish in the long run, let’s first put the current decline into perspective. The S&P 500 headed into Thursday’s trading session just 3.2% from its Sept. 18 record closing high of 2011.36. And today its trading 0.25 higher at 1950.
Here’s five reasons why a 10% price correction might be a good thing:
1. Flushes out the froth. “I think (it) would wash out some of the excess speculation and be healthy long-term,” says Hornbarger.
2. Gives investors on sidelines an entry point. “A ‘breather’ would help reset expectations and affords an opportunity for those who have been waiting to enter the market,” says Brian Belski, chief investment strategist at BMO Capital Markets.
There are countless investors that have missed a bulk of the rally that began more than five years ago and are waiting for stock prices to fall far enough before jumping back in.
3. Reset P-E multiples. One risk worrying investors is that the stock market is now trading at a higher price-to-earnings ratio than its long-term average. The S&P 500 kicked the week off selling at 15.6 times its forward four-quarter earnings, which is nearly a full point higher than its long-term average of 14.8, according to Thomson Reuters data.
“P-E multiples have expanded in a meaningful way over the last few years, so seeing some multiple compression could actually be a positive,” says Ann Miletti, managing director and lead portfolio manager for Wells Fargo Core Equity Team. “That type of correction would present more buying opportunities for us and other investors.”
4. Refresh, reenergize the bull. “Corrections are the pause that refreshes,” says Alan Skrainka, chief investment officer at Cornerstone Wealth Management. “This is the fifth-longest rally in the S&P 500 since 1928 without a 10% correction. Corrections wash out speculators and set the stage for the next advance.”
5. Correction fears dissipate. If the big fear is a market correction then it follows that that fear will fade once the correction occurs — and the market starts to bounce back after the 10% decline.
Bur there’s always a risk that a correction leads to a bigger drop, perhaps even a bear market, or plunge of 20% or more.
“A correction will trigger the debate of ‘bear or not a bear,’” says David Kotok, chairman & chief investment officer at Cumberland Advisors.
“I’m still holding a cash reserve,” he says.
For investors wondering how close the market is to a pullback (or drop of 5% to 9.99%),  a correction (drop of 10% to 19.99%) or a bear market (a plunge of 20% or more) — see the chart below showing what price level each of the major U.S. stock indexes would need to sink to. (Note: the Russell 200 small-cap stock index hit correction territory on Wednesday.)
High

Hong Kongs chief executive just called the protesters bluff. But for some of them  it wasnt a bluffThe Future of Hong Kong
October 2, 2014
HONG KONG—So far in the Hong Kong protests, the territory’s chief executive, CY Leung, has seemed inept at best . But in his press conference just a half hour before the deadline student leaders gave him to resign, he somehow found his inner Machiavelli.
Student leaders said on Oct. 1 that unless he resigned by midnight the next day, they would escalate protests and surround his residence. “If you don’t respond to the demand of the Hong Kong people, we will paralyze the government,” said Alex Chow  (paywall), head of the Hong Kong Federation of Students.
Protesters crowded Tim Wa Ave., a small alley in between the People’s Liberation Army headquarters and Leung’s office. Many of them had been waiting, crammed in, for hours. When at last Leung’s speech was broadcast over a megaphone, the crowd hushed each other to listen.
#hk103 00:47am Thousands gathered outside HK Gov HQ while the CE office made his announcement before midnight #URHK pic.twitter.com/rTyvPMl9vW
— leungfaye (@leungfaye) October 2, 2014
Not that there was a lot to hear. The much-maligned Leung refused to step down, and ordered protesters not to try to occupy government buildings.
But Leung also offered the protesters a strategic olive branch. The chief executive announced that Carrie Lam, his second-in-command, would meet with HKFS leaders , though he didn’t specify when or whether the meeting would be public.
The problem for the protesters is that this movement is highly fragmented—run by a slew of different groups, each with distinctive personalities and priorities guiding them. What appeases one group risks outraging another—which might be the whole point, for Leung.
Those blocking Lung Wo road are not happy with the brokered agreement want CY Leung removed and universal suffrage. pic.twitter.com/L6F8Y1x2PC
— Ed Flanagan (@edmundflanagan) October 2, 2014
Leung and Lam’s offer was  extended only to HKFS’ leaders . HKFS is likely to encourage protesters to de-escalate for a time considering that, just yesterday, Lester Shum, deputy head of HKFS, said that students might be willing to discuss their demands with Lam.
But how will this sit with the other student group, Scholarism? Though mostly similar, Scholarism’s demands differ slightly from HKFS’s. And Occupy Central with Love and Peace (OCLP), a group made up mostly of non-students, has similar but slightly different demands of its own.
Leung’s approach may be an example of the “ divide and conquer” tactic : favoring HKFS to marginalize Scholarism and, to a lesser extent, OCLP. HKFS has said that Lam has indicated its meeting with her “ may not be in public ,” bolstering that theory.
The question, then, is whether the three groups’ leaders will remain united and keep their respective followers calm while negotiations begin.
And the crowds sure didn’t seem that pleased. Leung’s speech elicited loud booing from protestors, and one chant that rose after the speech accused Leung of leading them “around the garden,” indicating that his offer was intended to mislead them and waste their time. “I think what he said is totally useless,” 17-year-old Chan Yin-man told Quartz.
“We don’t accept this result,” said Harry Chan, 26, a teacher. “We hoped for a reversal on universal suffrage [reform]—not just a meeting.”
So far, group leaders seem to be keeping the front united—and peaceful. In a speech given shortly after Leung’s wrapped up,  Scholarism leader Joshua Wong urged his audience to abide by the law, reports NBC News’ Ed Flanagan.
Tap image to zoom
Scholarism’s Joshua Wong tells the crowd to obey the law.(Reuters/Tyrone Siu)
“I hope that scrapping the functional constituencies, holding fast to civil nomination, and interrogating Lam until she’s completely wiped out—that’s the goal of the meeting,” said Wong , via Scholarism’s Facebook page. “And that in the future, academic comrades-in-arms and everyone else can maneuver together.”
Whether HKFS’ meeting with Lam—assuming it takes place—would be enough to mollify fatigued and angry protestors, though, is the next question. Many were still infuriated hours after the chief executive’s speech.
“[Leung] just repeats and repeats the same things,” said Louis Yim, a 21-year-old student at Hang Seng Management College. “We are so angry.”
Based on Quartz’s conversations with various protesters, a growing division had emerged between those that want to escalate by occupying another main road and those that are worried about disrupting the daily lives of Hong Kong citizens and provoking clashes with police.
Like many milling around the streets, 18-year-old Ken Li didn’t seem inclined to leave. “I’ll stay here,” he said, when asked what he was planning to do for the rest of the night. Scores of demonstrators began sitting in protest, while others spilled out onto the major throughway linking Hong Kong Island and Kowloon, on the mainland, blocking traffic. Others sat down in front of the barricade and rows of police guarding Leung’s office to signal their intention to stay.
some protesters are asleep just outside gate of #hongkong chief exec office. past 2 a.m. now. #OccupyCentral pic.twitter.com/XGi6oCbRKw
— Juro Osawa (@JuroOsawa) October 2, 2014
Radical protestor attempt to block road again; somebody hurt. Protestors ask the media to stand back #hk926 #urhk pic.twitter.com/5pM6fHuAwn
— Timothy Choi (@tyteen4a03) October 2, 2014
Though this disappointment pervaded the crowd, the majority of protesters were determined to limit police provocation. Many yelled “calm down”and “come back” at protesters that went out into the street, while others linked arms and held hands to form a human chain and block more people from taking over the road.
Suddenly the police line is completely forgotten as attention shifts to the line blocking rogue demonstrators. pic.twitter.com/XPYRPh9r2h
— Ed Flanagan (@edmundflanagan) October 2, 2014
About 100 protesters finally blocked the road despite various attempts to stop them #occupycentral pic.twitter.com/cSv3yc3uLw
— Phila Siu (@phila_siu) October 2, 2014
However, there were enough “rogue” protestors that at time of publishing, streets that were supposed to be cleared remain blocked. If this resistance escalates into an attempt to take over government buildings, as threatened, things could get worse. The police have warned of the “serious consequences ” that await if they do.
handwritten sign reads "no violence." it's almost 2 a.m. #hongkong #occupycentral pic.twitter.com/reGKKZFyY6
— Juro Osawa (@JuroOsawa) October 2, 2014
Share this:

Statue after statue in Cong  NCPmanifestosComments
Congress leaders Sushil Kumar Shinde, Prithviraj Chavan, Manikrao Thakre and others release the party manifesto in Mumbai on Thursday. (Source: Express photo by Vasant Prabhu)
Striking a balance while trying to accommodate all sections of society in its vision for Maharashtra, the Congress Thursday released its manifesto for the upcoming Assembly elections.
Taking a departure from its earlier manifestos, the Congress has promised to make education for girls free until graduation (at present it is free up to Class XII), give free tablets (mobile computers) to students having passed Class IX, free electricity up to 4 hp to farmers, reservation of 60 per cent land area for special economic zones to boost industries, free the state of load-shedding and construct statues of B R Ambedkar at Indu Mills and of Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj in the Arabian Sea if voted to power.
The Maharashtra Congress, led by former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, poll manifesto committee chief Sushil Kumar Shinde and MPCC chief Manikrao Thakre, released the election manifesto that tried to give an “inclusive roadmap” for the state.
The 16-page manifesto ensures that every section, class, community and religion finds a mention, covering not only farmers and industries but also hawkers, women and the youth who constitute a sizeable voter base.
Chavan said, “The thrust is on agriculture, industry and education. We are committed to make Maharashtra free of load-shedding through various policy measures and also ensure every farmer gets an electricity pump connection. The Congress has decided to continue with 6 per cent interest rate on loans to farmers in the state. A permanent provision of Rs 500 crore for the drought aversion fund will be made to tackle the drought-prone districts across the state.”
Moreover, it promises 25 per cent subsidy to farmers on agriculture and horticulture crop insurance scheme, besides a separate TV channel Krishi Darshan, to extending modern agriculture technology to the farmers.
The manifesto once again takes up the Congress’s yet-to-be-completed housing, education and employment policies for Dalits, minorities and tribals who together form 25 per cent of its voter base.
For the industrial sector, the Congress goes back to its old policy of laying emphasis on special economic zones, while promising textile parks in Bhiwandi, Malegoan and Solapur. The manifesto mentions loans at 4 per cent to taxi and autorickshaw drivers to purchase spare parts.
Addressing the chief concerns of people living in Mumbai, the manifesto promises 1 lakh houses to be built by MHADA, redevelopment of Dharavi slums, better roads and transport facility in the commercial capital of India.
Stressing the need for welfare of the backward communities and SC/STs, the manifesto raises allotment of funds under Rajiv Gandhi Yojana from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 2.5 lakh, and for health from Rs 1.5 lakh to Rs 2.5 lakh.
The manifesto reiterates its commitment to effective implementation continued…

Eye on youth votes  INLD gets rapper Honey Singh onboardYo Yo Honey Singh
Written by Varinder Bhatia | Chandigarh | Posted: October 3, 2014 2:22 am
Staring at a tough poll battle, the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) — the main opposition party in Haryana — hopes one man can make all the difference: Yo Yo Honey Singh. The controversial rapper has been roped in by the party to campaign for it in the upcoming Assembly elections.
On Thursday, he released a music video in which he has asked the state’s youth to vote for the Om Prakash Chautala-led party.
The INLD, which has a strong base among Jats and rural voters, said it roped in Honey Singh to reach out to the state’s youth voters. The rapper, whose songs dominate radio stations and are regularly featured in Bollywood films, has a substantial following among young adults.
The video, custom-made for INLD, features Honey Singh seeking votes for the party and its chief ministerial candidate Chautala. In the one-minute, 54-second video, the rapper sings in the native tongue: “Haryana is where food comprises milk and ghee. This song of Tau’s (former Haryana CM and INLD founder Devi Lal’s) party will be played across the state. On INLD’s victory, entire Haryana will dance and Yo Yo will dance along. Vote for spectacles (INLD’s party symbol), wake up Haryana’s youth, make Chautala victorious, sing along with Yo Yo.”
The video was launched alongside INLD’s election campaign here Thursday. Though the rapper was expected to attend the event, he could not make it as he was injured while shooting a video, his associates said.
“What’s wrong with roping in Yo Yo Honey Singh? He has sung and composed a video for INLD so that the youth can associate with the party. He is with us in our campaign,” Karan Chautala, senior INLD leader Abhay Chautala’s son, said.
Dushyant Chautala, the INLD MP from Hisar, said, “Since Honey Singh is a popular youth icon, we brought him on board. As far as controversies are concerned, who is not controversial these days? Did Narendra Modi become PM without any controversies?”
Party sources said that Honey Singh is also likely to campaign at a few places across Haryana to “inspire” youth to join him and support INLD. He may also release more videos to seek support for the party.

Failure is key to becoming an entrepreneur: ...Ashish Hemrajani
(The 40-year-old founder…)
AHMEDABAD: Failure is essential to the making of an entrepreneur , believes Ashish Hemrajani , founder of Book My Show. Hemrajani turned convention on its head while addressing final year post-graduate students at the premier institute Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, at the first stopover of The Economic Times Young Leaders B-School Edition on Thursday.
"Indian society looks upon failure as the end of your career. Actually, it's the beginning," he said. The 40-year-old founder and CEO of India's biggest online ticketing company, has known his share of failure, but has refused to be cowed down by it.
He survived two dotcom busts and a personal tragedy. Today, his company is valued at over Rs 2,000 crore. "I did not know where my next salary or meal would come from, but I did not fear failure," said Hemrajani.
Failure, he said, goes hand in hand with risk. "All these years that you have been successful, failure has been risky. But why not try doing different things in life," he said. After having finally tasted success, he says he now has the satisfaction as well as the flexibility to do what he really wants to.
"I enjoy boat sailing, beach and many more things in life," he added. An entrepreneurial mindset helps one to be a leader in whatever one does.
"And for that, you need to have the guts to fail," he said. "Entrepreneurship is a state of mind - it's not about starting a new business. You can be an entrepre neur while being in a job - by taking a calculated risk and trying something new," he said.
His definition of leadership included a long list of qualities. Curiosity, the ability to foresee, team building, the ability to mingle with the team, give direction, chart out a constant path, think out of the box and work on it, get yourself involved in field work to know the pulse of your customers, be decisive, have reality checks.
And most important, "to accomplish this, have no fear of failure," he said. He still involves himself with field work, if only to experience the situation on the ground. This helps him plan, keeping the organisation's best interests in mind. Today, Book My Show holds a 90% market share in the online entertainment ticketing space.
Hemrajani started his career in 1997 at J Walter Thompson after completing his Masters in Business Administration from Mumbai University. He quit the job after two years and started Bigtree Entertainment in 1999.
Hemrajani focused on providing cutting-edge digital solutions to the entertainment industry. The decision wan't an easy one. "My parents were angry. At that point of time, selling cinema tickets was not considered respectable," he says.
But in the end, his decision to stay the course paid off. It was a risk he took, "without fearing failure," he says.
FEATURED ARTICLES

EU telecom companies look for room to growEU telecom companies look for room to grow; ask regulators to cut on red tape and allow consolidation
New York Times Oct 3, 2014, 02.27AM IST
Tags:
(Just weeks before  new…)
By Mark Scott
Just weeks before the new European Commission starts work, the lobbying efforts from the region's telecommunications operators are already hard at work. On Wednesday, senior executives of many of Europe's largest telecom companies, including Orange of France and Deutsche Telekom of Germany, called on local regulators to cut back on red tape and allow consolidation within the sector as a way to jump-start Europe's economy.
"We desperately want growth in Europe," said Dominique Leroy, head of the former Belgian monopoly Belgacom, at an industry conference in Brussels on Wednesday. "Industry players are willing to invest billions of euros. But we can't do it because we can't monetise our investments."
The push to persuade the new European Commission, the European Union's executive arm, which takes over on November 1, to cut back on regulation follows a lengthy standoff between consumer groups and industry trade bodies over how to promote investment in Europe's telecommunications sectorUnlike in the United States, where national carriers like AT&T and Verizon Wireless now dominate, Europe has more than 100 telecommunications operators that often compete within national borders.
Consumer groups and some national regulators assert that this domestic competition has kept prices low and given Europeans greater choice. The average European pays $38 for a monthly cellphone contract, or roughly half of what the typical American pays, according to GSMA, an industry group.
But telecommunications executives say the cutthroat national competition among carriers has limited the investment that companies can make to upgrade their networks. Tough antitrust regulations have limited the ability of companies to buy competitors in other areas of Europe to create pan-regional mobile and broadband networks, according to analysts.
"There's a very different way of approaching competition in the US compared to Europe," David Bailey, global head of telecommunications, media and technology at HSBC, said at the conference in Brussels.
"Competition, however irrational from a corporate perspective, is seen as something that will continue forever in Europe." As part of efforts to lift investment, the new European Commission is expected to finish new rules as soon as early next year to create a single European market for electronic communications —called the "Connected Continent" proposals.
The long-awaited changes could potentially increase consolidation in Europe's telecom sector. It may also create a central EU regulator; each of Europe's 28-member states now regulate the sector. A new round of consolidation also has started to take shape. The likes of Telefonica of Spain and Vodafone of Britain have spent billions of euros recently to acquire mobile carriers and cable providers from Germany to Spain to strengthen their pan-regional networks.
Europe's telecommunications operators also got a helping hand on Wednesday from Lowell C McAdam, chief executive of Verizon Communications, who said at the Brussels onference that the creation of one set of US rules had helped the country's carriers invest billions in mobile and cable infrastructure.
"The digital economy isn't limited by geographical borders," McAdam said. "Regulation must protect consumers and enable investment while avoiding regulation that tries to outsmart the dynamic ecosystem."
Yet while Europe's telecom executives are unified in their goal to reduce the region's strict rules on market consolidation and investment, the same cannot be said about their approach to internet companies like Google and Facebook.
Pierre Louette, deputy chief executive at Orange, the French carrier, on Wednesday took a swipe at these US companies, which have faced fewer regulations and greater freedoms to expand across Europe compared to traditional carriers.
 
"We always pay taxes in Europe," said Louette, in a jibe at the likes of Google, which have used complicated tax structures to reduce their tax global burdens. "We can't be put together in the same categories. We can't continue to be over-regulated, while they are not regulated."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Democrat Childers agrees to anti-amnesty pledge that Chris McDaniel signedBy Sean Sullivan October 2 Follow @WaPoSean
Former congressman Travis Childers. (AP Photo/Rogelio V. Solis)
Former congressman Travis Childers, the Democratic Senate nominee in Mississippi, on Thursday signed an anti-amnesty pledge a conservative organization is pushing, a move that could endear him to disgruntled supporters of former tea party candidate Chris McDaniel, the runner-up to Sen. Thad Cochran in the GOP primary.
In an interview with The Washington Post, Childers said he signed the Federation for American Immigration Reform's pledge  in part because he worries about Mississippi's high unemployment rate, which he thinks would be exacerbated by allowing undocumented immigrants to work in the U.S.
"I don't think you need to be rewarding people who break the law," said Childers, a conservative Democrat.
Mississippi's unemployment rate was 7.9 percent in August, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . Only Georgia's was higher.
Childers's decision carries with it political implications in a race that has fallen off the national radar since Cochran won the primary. It could help Childers win over some supporters of McDaniel, who has yet to concede to Cochran. Still, the longtime senator is widely expected to win reelection comfortably.
FAIR says 29 Senate candidates and 82 House candidates have signed the pledge, including Childers and McDaniel but not Cochran. A tally on the group's Web site indicates Childers is the only Democrat to sign it. 
The pledge asks respondents whether they support or oppose legislation that would allow undocumented immigrants to work legally in the U.S., increase the number of legal immigrants and increase the number of guest workers admitted to the U.S. annually. Childers said he opposes all three.
Asked whether he was making a play for McDaniel supporters, Childers responded, "This is not an issue targeted to a select group. This is an issue that Mississippians are interested in."
Breitbart News first reported that Childers signed the pledge.
Childers said he opposes the comprehensive immigration reform bill that passed the Senate last year. Cochran voted against the bill, which contained a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants.
Another Senate candidate asserted Thursday that he does not support "amnesty." Greg Orman, an independent challenging Sen. Pat Roberts (R-Kan.), released a TV ad saying he would "secure the border with a plan that's tough, practical and fair to taxpayers." Orman told The Post in a recent interview that he supports the Senate bill.
McDaniel  lost a very close primary runoff election to Cochran on June 25. He has alleged voting irregularities and has refused to acknowledge that Cochran is the Republican nominee. McDaniel's team is trying to convince the state Supreme Court to resurrect his legal challenge of the result.
Asked whether Cochran would sign the FAIR pledge or not, the senator's spokesman, Jordan Russell, would not commit one way or the other.
"Sen. Cochran is one of three senators who has voted against every major attempt at amnesty," said Russell.
Childers entered the race in March. Democrats were hopeful that if McDaniel won the GOP primary, he would stand a real chance in the general election, given the Republican's history of controversial statements .
But Childers has become a forgotten man nationally ever since Cochran secured the Republican nomination. Analysts have given him little chance of upsetting Cochran, a longtime senator, in November.
Childers says he is not deterred by anything that happens on the Republican side.
"That's not my fight. I'm offering myself as an alternative," he said.
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.

Nationals not ready to announce NLDS rosterBy James Wagner October 2 Follow @jameswagnerwp
Matt Williams. (Greg Fiume/Getty Images)
Just over 24 hours before their opening playoff game against the Giants, the Nationals took the field for a final team workout on Thursday afternoon. Most everyone that was with the team in September, including a few call-ups who are unlikely to make the postseason roster, took part in Thursday’s batting practice.
Even though the Nationals have a good idea who will be on the NLDS roster, Manager Matt Williams declined to announce a roster out of precaution. Williams said he didn’t want to reveal it until after the workout and he had ensured all the players felt fine after it. The rosters aren’t due until 10 a.m. Friday so the Nationals still have time. And it remains unclear if the Nationals will wait until then to reveal the roster.
While some positions were officially confirmed by players on Thursday — Ryan Zimmerman said he is prepared to come off the bench and Tanner Roark said he is ready to pitch out of the bullpen — parts of the bench and bullpen still remain unclear. Will Scott Hairston serve as the pinch hitter against left-handers? Or will Zimmerman do that? How much confidence do the Nationals have in Rafael Soriano, who struggled in the second half? Will the Nationals carry three left-handed relievers, including Jerry Blevins? Do they want three long relievers in Craig Stammen, Ross Detwiler and Roark?
“Strange things happen in baseball sometimes so I don’t want to announce something until we’re finalized on it,” Williams said.
The decisions were made as a collaborative effort between Williams, the coaching staff and General Manager Mike Rizzo. While the coaches didn’t get to watch the NL wild-card game between the Giants and Pirates on Wednesday night as a group, Williams still watched it with a keen eye on both opponents. Rizzo said the Nationals’ NLDS roster reflects their opponent.
“We throw out ideas and we come up with the best-case scenario for the team we’re going to play,” Rizzo said. “We all know the players backwards and forwards, so we just go there and do that like we do everything here – as a staff – and come up with a consensus.”
Rizzo said the announcement may not come until Friday morning when the players are in the clubhouse. One player on the bubble said that after Thursday’s workout, he was unclear of his status. More to come here, when the roster is revealed.
James Wagner joined the Post in August 2010 and, prior to covering the Nationals, covered high school sports across the region.

Hockey gold in 16 yrs  a direct ticket toRioGoalkeeper P R Sreejesh celebrates after India beat Pakistan in the shoot-off (4-2). Sreejesh made two crucial saves in the tie-breaker. (Source: PTI)
Written by Mihir Vasavda | Incheon | Posted: October 3, 2014 2:57 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 8:24 am
For nearly 45 minutes after the medal ceremony, goalkeeper P R Sreejesh stood at the centre of the pitch, swarmed by hundreds of Indian expats from Incheon and nearby Seoul. Everyone wanted a piece of him. And Sreejesh obliged, signing autographs, posing for pictures and allowing them to touch his medal — a gold, India’s first since 1998. Occasionally, he broke into a jig, doing the “Gangnam style”.
Then, just before the lights went off, he walked up to the goal post with the Tricolour draped around himself and clicked a selfie. “For my baby girl,” he said, before joining the party that had begun a few yards away in the changing room.
A little more than an hour ago, the 26-year-old had orchestrated one of the most famous wins in Indian hockey. Sreejesh made two crucial saves in the tie-breaker against Pakistan, and a few more during the match, to help his team end its 16-year jinx in marquee tournaments.
Indian Hockey team captain Sardar Singh (L) at the medal ceremony after India won the gold medal in Men’s Hockey at the 17th Asian Games in Incheon Thursday. (Source: PTI)
India beat Pakistan 4-2 in the shoot-off — scores were 1-1 at the end of full time — at the Asian Games final here to win their first major hockey gold since 1998 in Bangkok — also the Asiad. The significance of this win cannot be undermined as it assures India of a berth in the 2016 Rio Olympics, saving them from the arduous process of going through the qualifiers.
Unlike most Indian teams in the recent past, the players showed plenty of courage and mental strength to overcome a stubborn opponent in a match that could have easily gone the other way. Sreejesh epitomised the attitude during the tie-breaker, when he was fearless as he anticipated the moves of the Pakistan players who were given the responsibility to deliver in the shoot-off.
“When the shoot-offs began, the only thought in my head was to win the gold. There was no pressure. I had prepared myself for this scenario,” said Sreejesh.
For long, he has been criticised for his temperament and inability to perform in critical situations. With no proper training partners, as the bench strength is almost non-existent when it comes to goalkeepers, Sreejesh developed his own ways of preparing for a match. He would swat flies to improve concentration and agility, indulge in a lot of self-talking and read self-help books.
Currently, he carries a copy of Rudi Webster’s Thinking Like a Champion wherever he travels. He likes to call himself a philosopher and entertainer, but he has long desired to be a showstopper. In a distant Incheon, on a chilly and overcast evening, his wish finally came true.

Foreign investment policy for LLPs under reviewForeign investment policy for Limited Liability Partnerships under review
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Oct 3, 2014, 12.39PM IST
Tags:
Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion
(LLPs have emerged as a preferred…)
NEW DELHI: The government is set to follow up on Prime Minister Narendra Modi's promise of rolling out the red carpet to foreign investors by allowing them to invest in sectors on the automatic route without prior approval through Limited Liability Partnerships or LLPs while sectors on the approval route could also be thrown open with some conditions.
"The foreign investment policy for LLPs is being reviewed. There is a need to align with the policy for companies," said a government official, privy to the development.
Modi, on his recent visit to the United States, reiterated his promise to foreign investors to provide a non-adversarial regime that would be minus the proverbial red tape. The NDA government , which took over in May, is holding consultations to further liberalise foreign direct investment (FDI) norms for the construction and development sector, after it threw open railways and eased rules for the defence sector.
LLPs have emerged as a preferred mode of investments owing to the flexibility they offer in terms of compliance and are a popular vehicle the world over especially for manufacturing, IT, hospitality, advertising and consultancy. The government is now looking at more structural cleaning up to remove unnecessary niggles that may be holding up foreign investors, for LLPs face multiple restrictions even as they are just another business organisations.
The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion is in advanced stage of discussions with ministries of finance and corporate affairs on an FDI regime for LLPs that will be on a par with that for companies.
FDI is not allowed in partnership firms.
The RBI has already given its goahead to the proposed move but wants disclosures about control and ownership in sectors that are on the approval route.
LLPs will have to disclose the interest of all partners when it seeks approval from the Foreign Investment Promotion Board, the official cited earlier said.
LLPs operating in sectors that allow 100% FDI on the automatic route, sans any conditions, may also be able to invest downstream.
India had in 2009 allowed LLPs, which are business organisations with lesser statutory requirements than companies.
However, foreigners have been allowed to use the structure only since 2011 with many restrictions. Foreigners can float LLPs only in sectors in which 100% FDI is allowed and that too with prior approval since the government wanted a calibrated opening up with regard to a new form of business organisation.
"The idea initially was to prevent any misuse," the official added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The Senate Conservatives Fund has had a very bad 2014By Philip Bump October 2 Follow @pbump
Former Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli (Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images)
One year ago, the Senate Conservatives Fund, a conservative-aligned outside group, seemed poised to be a significant force in Washington. Working with Sens. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) and Mike Lee (R-Utah), it pushed hard against funding Obamacare, a fight which contributed to the government shutdown. It promised to back viable conservative candidates to take out Senate incumbents -- and, then, to back House candidates as well. Politico blamed it for "roiling the GOP" shortly before the shutdown; to restore ties damaged by his advocacy of a shutdown, Cruz reportedly had to agree not to support the SCF moving forward.
A year later, the impression one gets of the group is significantly different. Founded by former Sen. Jim DeMint of South Carolina, it appointed former Virginia attorney general (and unsuccessful gubernatorial candidate) Ken Cuccinelli as its president in June. By then, its record in the primaries was mixed. By now, it's worse.
SCF lost four of the six Senate races where it endorsed a candidate, and lost four of seven settled matches in the House. In only one race, Ben Sasse's Senate bid in Nebraska, did the group invest disproportionately and come away with a win -- and even then, the upswell of support that helped Sasse cruise to a 27-point victory means that the SCF's role was diluted, at best. The priorities mentioned in the announcement of Cuccinelli's hiring say a lot: "SCF has already spent over $6.5 million supporting candidates in 2014 elections and helped nominate Ben Sasse (R-NE) and Joni Ernst (R-IA). SCF also helped Chris McDaniel (R-MS) surge into a run-off and is working to nominate T.W. Shannon (R-OK), Dr. Milton Wolf (R-KS), and Col. Rob Maness (R-LA)." The first two candidates mentioned -- Sasse and Ernst -- won their primaries by massive, no-one-group-can-take-credit margins. The other four all lost or, in the case of Maness, are almost certainly going to lose. (He trails in his race by 34 .)
Here's how the SCF fared this year, ranked by how much money it invested.
Candidate

JPMorgan says addresses of 76 million households exposed0
News of the actions by the states emerged a day after the bank said in a regulatory filing that customer names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses were taken in the attack that the bank said surfaced in August. It added that it was continuing to investigate the matter and that customers would not be liable for any unauthorized transactions that were promptly reported to the bank.
When asked to comment on the investigations, JPMorgan spokeswoman Patricia Wexler said the company was careful not to speak more about the breach until it had “complete information.”
She said that, given the fact that no account information was taken, the bank was not legally required to disclose as much as it has.
FRAUD WARNING
However, cybercrime experts warned that the hack could fuel years of fraud, as criminals use the stolen data to "phish" for customer passwords and ferret out other consumer accounts.
The bank said it has not seen any rise in fraud in the wake of the discoveries, but security researchers said the information that hackers stole, such as addresses, tends to change relatively slowly, which gives criminals a long time to use it.
Their first step will likely be to use the information to send emails to customers purporting to be from JPMorgan Chase. Links embedded in those emails could be used to con customers out of their passwords, a practice known as "phishing."
"Hackers might send out emails saying 'Your JPMorgan Chase account has been breached, please log into our portal and enter your information,'" said Alex Holden, chief executive of Hold Security, a cybersecurity firm that monitors trade in stolen credentials.
The bank's letter to account holders on its website on Friday made no mention of "phishing," but it linked to a "frequently asked questions" document whose last answer warned about "phishing." Wexler said the bank is making the warning more prominent on its website.
"The risk is phishing" Wexler said, adding that people should be on the lookout. She said that there was no evidence that account numbers, passwords, user IDs, birthdays, or Social Security numbers were taken.
The stolen data is likely to end up being sold on underground cybercrime exchanges to fraudsters who will use it for "phishing" and other schemes. Holden said it is likely to be broken up into groups based on categories such as zip codes, with wealthy demographics going for higher rates. He estimates that lots of varying sizes would sell for between $1,000 and $15,000, with each of them being resold multiple times.
Such information can be used to craft "phishing" emails to seek other types of online accounts, beyond the initial firm that was breached, particularly when combined with personal details from social networking sites such as Facebook , Google , LinkedIn and Twitter, security researchers warned. Details from social media profiles can provide criminals with rich information that they can use to craft convincing "phishing" emails, including information about family, friends, education and work.
"Social media helps the criminals pursue their trade," said Mark Rowley, assistant commissioner for specialist operations for London's Metropolitan Police.
JPMorgan's Wexler said that the bank is not offering credit monitoring to customers because no financial information, account data or personally identifiable information was compromised.
JPMorgan disclosed at the end of August that it had hired outside forensics experts to help it investigate a possible cyberattack.
The bank said in April that it expects to spend more than $250 million on cybersecurity this year, with about 1,000 people focused on the area. The bank's efforts will grow exponentially in the coming years, it added.

Cyber Attack Hits 76 Million Householdsreddit
A cyber attack at America's biggest bank this summer affected more than half of all U.S. households -- far, far more than previously estimated, and the latest in a string of massive, unnerving data breaches.
The attack at JPMorgan Chase affected the data of 76 million households and 7 million businesses, the bank said in a regulatory filing on Thursday.
That impact was far bigger than earlier estimates that about 1 million customers had been affected, the New York Times noted . It represents more than half of the roughly 115 million households in America.
Hackers attacked the bank's computer systems periodically between mid-June and mid-August, according to The Wall Street Journal. The attackers accessed customer names, email addresses, phone numbers and physical addresses, along with "internal JPMorgan Chase information relating to such users," the bank said in its regulatory filing . The bank didn't describe what sort of information that was.
The bank said it has seen no evidence that "account numbers, passwords, user IDs, dates of birth or Social Security numbers" were taken, and it has not yet seen any signs of fraudulent activity using the leaked data.
JPMorgan Chase representatives did not immediately return a request for further comment on the breach, which is under investigation by the FBI. Earlier on Thursday, a NYT report on the JPMorgan filing mistakenly suggested that the bank had suffered a second major breach. The paper has since corrected that story .
For context on the size of this breach, a recent cyber attack against Home Depot affected 56 million customer cards, in what was reported to be the biggest retail hack in history. Late last year, a data breach at Target affected roughly 40 million customers at the height of the holiday shopping season.
More:

Modi taking cue from Singapore s clean driveThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Up to 100 possibly exposed to Ebola patient in United StatesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

IthedonttrustindiansCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Can Europes mini-QE save it from a lost decadeBy Matt O'Brien October 2 Follow @ObsoleteDogma
Mario Draghi, president of the European Central Bank (Hannelore Foerster/Bloomberg)
Europe is on the verge of a lost decade, and the European Central Bank is finally getting serious about stopping it.
On Thursday, the ECB announced that later this month it would start buying private sector assets from banks to try to jump-start lending and growth in the eurozone's moribund economy. It's not full-scale quantitative easing, where the central bank buys government bonds, but this QE-lite is still a major step toward getting Europe out of its low inflation doldrums. And it's one of the only steps left now that the bank has already lowered interest rates as far as they can go. Indeed, the ECB has actually been charging banks 0.2 percent — yes, a negative rate  — to hold deposits with them overnight.
There's still a bit we don't know about this new purchase program, but here's what we do: It will go on for at least two years, and, together with the ECB's cheap loans for banks, could total as much as €1 trillion (or $1.26 trillion). Not only that, but it will even include junk bonds from Greece and Cyprus, like ECB chief Mario Draghi wanted , as long as those countries continue their austerity programs.
The ECB, in effect, is becoming the lender-of-last-resort to Europe's real economy. That's because, with one hand, the ECB is giving banks basically free money if they promise to lend it out, and, with the other, it's buying up their new loans.
The only problem is banks haven't been interested in taking out rock-bottom loans from the ECB, because they're not interested in making loans themselves. They just don't see a lot of opportunities. Maybe that will change now that they know they can start selling their loans to the ECB.
If it doesn't, the ECB's balance sheet will probably keep shrinking , and inflation will probably keep falling. It was just 0.3 percent in September, far below the ECB's slightly-under-2-percent target. And even core inflation, which is a better predictor of future inflation than the headline rate, ticked down a little to 0.8 percent.
This might sound like good news — who likes higher prices? — but it's not. At least not in an economy with as much debt as Europe's. Think about it like this: if prices rise less, then wages will rise less, and debts will be harder to pay off. It's even worse if prices are falling — what economists call deflation — but it's no less a problem if inflation is a low positive number than a low negative one. So-called " lowflation " still increases debt burdens compared to what they'd otherwise be.
That's why the number that really matters is Germany's inflation rate. See, during the boom, its wages stayed flat while southern Europe's exploded. But now that the bust is here, and then some, those countries need to cut their wages relative to Germany's to regain competitiveness. The problem is Germany's inflation is just 0.9 percent , so southern Europe needs even less to claw its way back — which makes their already considerable debts even more so.
Europe's mini-QE has to stop this if it's going to stop Europe's slow-motion slide into an economic vortex of debt, deflation and default. Otherwise, they're going to need bigger QE.
Matt O'Brien is a reporter for Wonkblog covering economic affairs. He was previously a senior associate editor at The Atlantic.

A Liberian doctor is using HIV drugs to treat Ebola victims. The NIH is intrigued.By Elahe Izadi October 2 Follow @ElaheIzadi
A woman waits in a Liberian Ministry of Health ambulance outside an old hospital that's been converted to an intake center for Ebola patients in Monrovia. (Michel du Cille/The Washington Post)
Well before the Ebola virus was brought to the U.S. by a man traveling from Liberia, it was wreaking havoc in the West African country, where nearly 2,000 people have died during the worst Ebola outbreak in history. Now, some doctors in that country are trying new ways of treating Ebola-infected patients.
Gorbee Logan, a doctor in rural Liberia, has given at least 15 Ebola patients lamivudine, which is considered a long-term and effective drug to treat HIV patients. All but two of them survived, Logan told CNN last week.
Since that interview, Logan has been in contact with Anthony S. Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, about the treatment. "I can't say it's a good idea or bad idea," Fauci told The Post this week. "It's one of those things where you're in a situation where you have no therapy, so you look for things that might be available."
Fauci said National Institutes of Health researchers have tested lamivudine's reaction to Ebola in test tubes. There was no response; but Fauci said researchers will adjust some levels and try it again "to see if there's even slight activity against Ebola."
If there is, he said, NIH would consider going to the trial stage.
Logan first tried another HIV drug on an Ebola patient, but it didn't seem to work, he told CNN. Then, he gave lamivudine to a health-care worker who'd become sick. The patient improved within a couple of days, CNN reported.
It makes sense to consider lamivudine as a potential Ebola treatment: It belongs to a group of drugs known as nucleoside analogs, which interfere with the replication processes of certain viruses, Fauci explained.
Other nucleoside analog drugs are in the pre-clinical stage of testing with animals, Fauci said. But there is a potential upshot with lamivudine that could make it stand out from the others, if it does actually work.
"It's already an approved drug that can be distributed," Fauci said. "But that's a big, majestic leap."
Logan told FrontPageAfrica  that his method works only if Ebola patients come in soon after becoming symptomatic. He said desperation pushed him to treat Ebola patients using several different medications. Lamivudine can cause liver damage, he acknowledged.
Comfort Mensa died outside the JFK Medical Center in Monrovia, Liberia amid confusion regarding her diagnosis. While Ebola health workers decontaminated her body, Doe's family maintained she died from complications of diabetes. (Ashoka Mukpo and Divya Jeswani Verma/The Washington Post)
For the drug to be considered an effective Ebola treatment, studies involving many more patients and controls would need to be conducted to make sure it's safe to treat Ebola patients with lamivudine -- and that people are getting better from the drug and not from other factors.
But Fauci said crises such as the Ebola epidemic lead doctors to try what they can to help patients.
"Whenever you have a disease where people are frustrated with no treatment, there's always the thought of what do we already have approved that we can use," Fauci said.
Logan's frustration is clear. "Our people are dying and you're taking about studies?" he said to CNN. "It's a matter of doing all that I can do as a doctor to save some people's lives."
Sources: CDC, Doctors Without Borders, World Health Organization Graphic: Patterson Clark / The Washington Post
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

Cato Supreme Court ReviewBy Nicholas Quinn Rosenkranz October 2 Follow @profnqr
I’ve been meaning to announce the new Cato Supreme Court Review , an excellent and thoughtful volume about last Term at the Court. Co-Conspirator David Bernstein has a nice piece about affirmative action here . Cato colleagues Roger Pilon, Ilya Shapiro, and Trevor Burris all have worthy essays. Other estimable authors include David Sentelle and Richard Epstein. My contribution — about Bond v. United States and whether a treaty can increase the legislative power of Congress — is available here .

These ants grow bigger when theyve got something to proveBy Rachel Feltman October 2 Follow @rachelfeltman
Big-headed ants get their name from the soldier ants, left, which are larger than other workers and have disproportionately sized heads. (© Alex Wild, used with permission)
When a rival colony moves in next door, big-headed ants start making bigger babies. Big-headed ants, as their name implies, have some pretty serious noggins -- or their soldier ants do, anyway. According to a new study , those heads swell in size when nearby ants prove to be worthy opponents.
Big-headed ants ( Pheidole megacephala ) are considered one of the world's worst invasive species. When they move in, it's bad news for local insect populations. The "soldiers" of this species have big, muscular heads and large mandibles that they use to bite and tear apart their prey -- rival ants included.
The researchers, lead by University of Illinois entomology professor Andrew Suarez , observed the size of big-headed soldiers -- as well as the ratio of soldiers to their "worker" sisters, who develop from the same larvae based on differences in food -- in several areas that have been invaded by the species.
The big-headed ant is found in more than 1,600 sites around the globe. (Julie McMahon, after James K. Wetterer)
In Hawaii, which never had a native ant population, the big-headed soldiers were at their smallest. But in Australia, which is home to a number of aggressive and diverse ant populations, the heads were at their very biggest. As expected, populations in Florida, Mauritius and South Africa -- which have native ants, but none so equipped to fight Pheidole megacephala as Australian insects -- were an intermediate size.
The big-headed queens didn't produce any more soldiers when they lived in these hostile environments -- but they raised their armies to be a bit heftier. The ant populations were all shown to be closely related, indicating that the Australian population made this change quickly instead of experiencing some longterm evolutionary change.
"It's kind of exciting and scary that it can happen so quickly," Suarez said in a statement . But given the fact that Pheidole megacephala has spread itself all across the globe, it's not surprising that the species is super quick to adapt to native threats.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

GM recalls 117 000 vehiclesBy Gregory Wallace   @gregorywallace October 2, 2014: 4:23 PM ET
 
GM deaths rise, may keep rising
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
General Motors is recalling 117,000 vehicles for an issue that could cause the vehicle to stall or not start.
GM ( GM ) said that it is aware of no crashes, injuries or fatalities connected to the problem.
The issue affects a small number -- about 1% -- of the 117,000 cars and trucks, GM said.
The chassis control module -- a part of the vehicle's electronics system linked to the braking, steering, and suspension -- could be short-circuited by small metal fragments. If this happens, drivers may see a warning, such as the check engine light, turn on. Also the vehicle may stall.
This year, GM has recalled an unprecedented number of vehicles . After disclosing a fatal ignition switch flaw that went unreported for a decade , GM ( GM ) scrutinized its older vehicles for possible issues and issued over 60 recalls . Not counting Thursday's announcement, the automaker has recalled 29.4 million vehicles in 2014.
Thursday's recalled models are:
-- 2013-2014 Chevrolet Tahoe and Suburban.
--2013-2014 Cadillac CTS.
--2013-2014 GMC Yukon and Yukon XL.
--2013-2014 Cadillac Escalade and Escalade ESV.
--2014 Chevrolet Traverse.

7 things to do in the D.C. area on the weekend of Oct. 3-5By Going Out Guide staff October 2
The weekend’s best in nightlife, music and art. For even more, check out Nightlife Agenda .
Sheldon Scott's "Folk'Lore" installation at the 2014 (e)merge art fair will include the phrase "eeny meeny miny mo," rendered in neon. (Photo courtesy of the artist)
Through Sunday:  The (e)merge art fair , described by our critic as "a sort of mini Comic Con for the culturati," gets underway with a swanky pool party Thursday. But if you're serious about digging into the art, the ideal times to visit are Friday and Saturday from noon to 7 p.m. and Sunday from noon to 5 p.m. at the very retro Capitol Skyline Hotel. For the first time, several galleries will showcase their wares on the hotel’s main floor. Scattered throughout the rest of the hotel — including the parking garage and the poolside courtyard — you’ll find work by more than 50 artists, selected by a vetting committee that included dissident Chinese artist Ai Weiwei . Admission is $15, $10 for students, seniors and members of groups of 10 or more. On Friday from noon to 3 p.m., students will be admitted free. Read more: Who to see at (e)merge .
Through Sunday: Need advice for navigating the frenzied comedy feast that is the Bentzen Ball ? Find just one comedian you know from TV or a podcast and slap down your cash for a ticket, because every bill also offers a handful of national and local comics who might seem obscure now, but won’t be for much longer. Treat yo’self to Saturday’s big show with “Parks and Recreation” star Retta and find yourself a newly minted fan of Wyatt Cenac (“The Daily Show”) and one-time Washingtonian Aparna Nancherla. With nearly a dozen events, from a brunch to showcases of local comics to a free show on the Millennium Stage, there’s no excuse to not laugh this week. Tickets range from $10-$75 ; Thursday’s Kennedy Center show is free.
Friday:  In a show of support for those affected by the Ebola outbreak that has swept across West Africa, musicians from African countries will perform in the  Ebola Relief Concert at the Fillmore on Friday. Featured artists include Cheick Hamala Diabate from Mali, J. Martin from Nigeria and Nimba Burr from Liberia. Proceeds from the show will go to Doctors Without Borders and the International Medical Corps. Tickets are $42-$62.
Friday-Nov. 1: Given the flood of terrifying films now in theaters, and the pumpkins proliferating at your local Whole Foods, it's safe to say Washington is officially in the Halloween spirit. One long-practiced way to mark this hallowed holiday  is to find a friend with a car, venture to a creepy Montgomery County enclave known as Dickerson and have the bejeezus scared out of you by the cruel, cruel actors who lurk in Markoff's Haunted Forest . The attraction, which deems itself so scary that you are required to sign a waiver , gets going for the season Saturday. Tickets are $22 to $35 .
Saturday:  Mid-Atlantic Oktoberfest , Capitol City Brewing Company's annual beer festival in the streets of Shirlington, marries Bavarian dancers and traditional German food with beers from more than 65 breweries. You'll find all the local and regional favorites (DC Brau, Flying Dog), up-and-coming breweries (Crooked Run, Corcoran, Old Bust Head), and heavy hitters (Hofbrau, Brooklyn, Great Lakes). The $30 fee for drinking includes a tasting glass and 10 tasting tickets; extra tickets are $1 each; admission is free if you're not drinking.  Things get going at noon; taps close at 6 p.m.
Saturday: Now is the time to beg, plead and otherwise finagle your way into Saturday's performances by legendary rapper Nas , who is pairing his D.C. appearances with a  screening of the documentary "Time Is Illmatic," about his somber, hyper-realist 1994 album, "Illmatic." The album influenced a generation of rap acts and is widely regarded as one of the most important records of the genre. To mark its 20th anniversary, the documentary retraces the steps of making the record, and Nas has set out for a series of performances of the entire album; he lands at the Lincoln Theatre on Saturday for two shows, both of which are sold out.
Sunday: Back in July, U Street Music Hall announced an " Animal Collective Fall DJ Residency " at the club, which amounts to monthly DJ gigs in October and November. It starts tonight with Geologist and Deakin in the booth from 10 p.m. on. Past Animal Collective DJ sets have been wide-ranging affairs, with indie rock, electronic dance music, dubstep and experimental tunes. (You can listen to a one recorded in L.A. in May below.) The show gets going at 10 p.m.; there's a $10 cover charge.

Ex-IIT director likely to be NATGRIDchiefPrint
Written by Vijaita Singh | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 2:32 am
Four months after the post of National Intelligence Grid (NATGRID) chief fell vacant, the NDA government may finally settle for an academician to head the ambitious internal security project. Former IIT-Kanpur Director Sanjay Govind Dhande is the top contender for the post, for which five other names are under consideration. The final decision is to be taken by the Prime Minister’s Office (PMO).
Speaking to The Indian Express, Dhande, who was awarded a Padma Shri in 2013, said, “I believe my name is doing the rounds for the post but I have not got any official confirmation yet.”
The post fell vacant after the NDA government refused to renew the contract of Raghu Raman, who had a corporate sector background, due to an adverse Intelligence Bureau report that alleged “personal and professional misconduct” on his part. Raman had denied the allegations.
NATGRID was conceived in the wake of the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks and seeks to integrate over 20 categories of datasets from agencies like banks, railways, airlines, income tax department, credit card companies, immigration and others, and make it available to  designated law enforcement officers to enable them to track criminals. Its work was still under progress when Raghu Raman left.
Dhande is not new to the security establishment, having been appointed a member of the National Security Advisory Board (NSAB) in 2013 by the UPA government. NSAB, a multi-disciplinary body comprising experts from outside the government, aids and advises the National Security Council housed in the Prime Minister’s Office.
The government has been deliberating on appointing a full-time chief for NATGRID for the past one month, amid a debate over whether it should be headed by a bureaucrat or somebody from the private sector.
“It is high time the NATGRID CEO is appointed as it is an important project from the point of internal security. The government is very close to selecting the name,” said a source.
The NATGRID project, which had been dropped from the government’s priority list in the last couple of years with its budget also slashed substantially in 2013, is being given a fresh lease of life by the NDA government.

Al-Qaeda chief in region may be of Indian origin: IntelagenciesPrint
Written by Praveen Swami | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 2:28 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 7:54 am
India’s intelligence agencies have begun investigating information that the head of al-Qaeda’s new unit in the subcontinent is a former Uttar Pradesh resident, highly-placed government sources have told The Indian Express.
Maulana Asim Umar, earlier reported to be a Pakistani national, is now believed to have studied at the famous Dar-ul-Uloom seminary in Deoband, before emigrating from India in the late-1990s.
The investigations were under way even as Prime Minister Narendra Modi told a Washington, DC-based think tank that terrorism in India was “exported, not home-grown” .
Both the UP Police and Intelligence Bureau (IB) have questioned figures linked to the Islamist movement in India in the 1990s, seeking details on any Indian national who may have moved abroad.
Intelligence sources said their inquiries had focussed on former members of the now-proscribed Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI), whose cadres were enthusiastic in their support for al-Qaeda and the Taliban regime that took power in Afghanistan in 1996.
“No firm details have emerged so far,” one intelligence official said. “But from the bits and pieces of information we have, we’re increasingly convinced that Maulana Umar is likely of Indian origin, perhaps even an Indian national.”
The fact that the cleric has never appeared without a digital mask, the official said, “suggests he has something to hide, since the top jihadist leadership in Pakistan generally do not hesitate to show their faces”.
Maulana Ashraf Usmani, a spokesperson for the Deoband seminary, said that in the absence of identifying pictures, or approximate dates of residence, it was impossible to confirm — or deny — whether Maulana Umar had been a student there.
“Thousands of students go through here,” he said, “and we don’t have full records of the many who drop out”.
However, Maulana Usmani said, “I want to emphatically underline that the Dar-ul-Uloom Deoband is unequivocal in its condemnation of terrorism, and, indeed, in its opposition to all forms of wrongdoing. Wherever this man got his ideas, it was not here.”
From three separate Pakistani sources familiar with the jihadi movement, The Indian Express learned that Maulana Umar arrived in Pakistan in the late-1990s, and began studies at the Jamia Uloom-e-Islamia, a Karachi seminary that has produced several top jihadist leaders, including Maulana Masood Azhar, leader of the Jaish-e-Muhammad, Qari Saifullah Akhtar, who headed the Harkat-ul-Jihad-al-Islami, and Fazl-ur-Rehman Khalil, the leader of the Harkat-ul-Mujahideen.
Maulana Umar, the sources said, was mentored by Nizamuddin Shamzai, a cleric with close links to the Taliban, who once bragged about having been a “state guest” in Taliban leader Mullah Muhammad Omar’s Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan.
E-mail requests to the Jamia Uloom-e-Islamia, seeking confirmation of Maulana Umar’s residence and nationality, went unanswered. The seminary says on its website, though, that students from 60 countries, including India, have studied there.
After finishing his studies in Karachi, Maulana Umar is believed to have joined Fazl-ur-Rehman Khalil’s Harkat-ul-Mujahideen, teaching briefly at the Dar-ul-Uloom Haqqania seminary in Peshawar, and serving at the Harkat-ul-Mujahideen’s training camps in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir.
Following the events of 9/11, the sources said, Maulana Umar moved back to continued…

UPDATE 12-Oil prices deepen slide on glut worry; U.S. crude bouncesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Webcast Scheduled For Realty Income Third Quarter 2014 Operating ResultsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

In the Fast Paced World of Online Marketing  Experience and Adaptability Take the EdgeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Don t be tempted by low-rated NCDs offering high interest  say expertsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Protests in MP after Christian weds Hindu  police declare marriageinvalidPrint
Written by Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal | Posted: October 3, 2014 2:47 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 3:39 am
The police in Madhya Pradesh have declared a marriage between a Christian man and a Hindu woman invalid, after protests by right-wing groups.
Joseph Pawar, who is in his 20s, and Ayushi Wani, 19, reportedly eloped and married at an Arya Samaj temple in Bhopal on September 28. They were traced by the police to Pavagadh in Gujarat after the girl’s parents filed a complaint and the Hindu Jagran Manch and other right-wing organisations threatened to launch an agitation. The two hail from Jobat town in tribal-dominated Alirajpur district.
The town observed a bandh on Wednesday as the superintendent of police met the two families separately in his office. Meanwhile, hundreds of right-wing activists gathered outside the premises.
Ayushi reportedly told Alirajpur SP Akhilesh Jha that she was in love with Joseph, a nursing college student, and that she went with him of her own accord. She also refused to return to her parents, following which she was sent to Nari Niketan in Ujjain.
The activists said they wanted Joseph booked for allegedly luring Ayushi into marrying him, but the police said no case could be made against him since she was not a minor. Joseph was escorted to Indore under police protection to ensure his safety.
Police, however, declared the marriage invalid, saying that Joseph is not a Hindu and that in order to marry Ayushi, he would have to convert to Hinduism by following a procedure laid down under the Freedom of Religion Act.
According to the Act, a person who wants to convert as well as those who would preside over the ceremony are supposed to notify the district magistrate a month in advance.
Jha told The Indian Express that he took the decision to declare the marriage invalid because it seemed like the best option at the time, given that 300-400 activists had surrounded his office and the threat of arson and damage to government property loomed large. “There are both plus and minus points when an administrator takes a decision in such matters,” he said.
Joseph, meanwhile, said that the marriage in the Arya Samaj temple was carried out according to Hindu rituals.
Ayushi’s family had filed a complaint on September 26 when she did not return home from college. Right-wing activists threatened to take to the streets when it was revealed that she had eloped with a Christian man, and gave the police till September 30 to bring the couple back to Jobat.
The police discovered that after the marriage on September 28, the couple went to Pavagadh, from where the two were brought to Jobat on October 1.
The SP said the situation had returned to normal on Thursday, but added that it was not safe for Joseph to return. “It’s possible that he could apply to convert his faith,” he said.

Welfare of Chhatrapati Shivaji for students who clear Class XII  crop insurance for farmers on NCPlistComments
The Nationalist Congress Party Thursday promised it would fight for the rights of the migrant population from North Indian states if voted to power.
“It is our commitment to give justice to North Indian migrants in the regions of Mumbai, Thane, Pune and Nashik,” reads the NCP’s election manifesto, released in Mumbai on Thursday. All these cities form the industrial corridor of the state with maximum migrant population.
State NCP president Sunil Tatkare and Assembly Speaker Dilip Walse-Patil released the poll manifesto, which, among several things, promised free laptops to students who have cleared Class XII.
“On an average, there will be seven to eight lakh students every year. The objective of giving out free laptops is to ensure these youngsters, who are not economically privileged, are not left out of the computer revolution. They, too, should be able to avail the technology, which is here to stay.”
Among its other popular announcements, the NCP promised crop insurance to farmers, provision of meals at Rs 20 to people at all state transport bus stands across Maharashtra, and connecting all major cities to airlines.
Striking a chord with the Congress’ election manifesto, which too was released Thursday, the NCP similarly marks out a special commitment to building a grand statue of Chhatrapati Shivaji in the Arabian Sea, of Dr B R Ambedkar at Chaiyta Bhoomi in Mumbai, Annabhau Sathe’s at Chiranagar, Chatrapati Shahu Maharaj’s at Kolhapur and Mahatma Babeshwar’s at Mangalvedha.
Affordable housing, infrastructure and industrial development are other promises that have made their way into the NCP’s poll manifesto, with women and senior citizens to be benefited through several monetary schemes.
Through its focus on education, the manifesto tries to build a strong pitch. “In Maharashtra, it is our attempt to make every classroom digitally smart. Every educational institution in the state should get free wi-fi. The universities and higher education institutions should be upgraded to match the quality education at par with national and international levels,” reads the manifesto’s education section.
In rural segment, it promises connecting every taluka and village through proper planning to ensure overall development in the region by 2020. Special emphasis has been accorded to enhancing the Human Development Index with budget increased from Rs 500 crore to Rs 2,000 crore.
Besides asserting it will mandatorily give out pensions to farmers aged above 65 years and who have to deal with barren and small agricultural land holding, the party promises to extend subsidies to farmers for drip irrigation up to 75 per cent. Moreover, farmers will be given electricity pump connection on demand.
The Other Backward Class finds a special mention as the manifesto promises to set up a separate corporation within Mantralaya to tackle their problems.
On the lines of Mumbai monorail, NCP promises monorails in Aurangabad, Nashik and Nagpur.

Where school means 8 hours of holding back from going totoiletWritten by Pritha Chatterjee | Mewat District (haryana) | Posted: October 3, 2014 2:42 am
Mewat districtVillages: 443
Population: 10.9 lakh
Literacy: 56.1% (women 37.6%)
Sanitation status: Lack of toilets in schools identified as main reason for high dropout among girls, over a thousand toilets built in 2008-12.
Rajakiya Kanya Madhyamik Pathshala in Mewat district’s Shah Chaukha village has 786 girls on the rolls between nursery and Class VIII. In 2008, a toilet was constructed, but within months, it shut down for lack of water.
School headmaster Muzammil Hussain has a thick file in his office containing the official communication between him and the district administration since 2012 for a toilet. After his first letter, where he wrote that the school had no functional toilet for the girl students (then numbering 540), forcing them to go to the fields, Rs 58,000 was allotted by the district administration within four months to construct two toilets.
But then the matter got stuck with the gram panchayat. “Members disagreed over where to construct the toilets. Some said the girls’ school should be expanded to include the boys’ school; others said the first toilets should be built in the boys’ school,” Hussain says.
Eventually, the administration withdrew the money, directing that “no new construction be undertaken till the issue is resolved by the gram panchayat”. That was the closest Rajakiya Kanya Madhyamik Pathshala came to having a toilet.
Mewat district has been the subject of many studies by the Ministries of Woman and Child Development (WCD) and Human Resource Development, as well as the Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan (NBA), for its high dropout rates among girls, particularly of the dominant Meo Muslim community. In 2009, the lack of toilets in schools was identified as a possible reason for the poor educational indicators.
A 2012 report on Punhana block in Mewat by the WCD Ministry showed 300 students on an average sharing one toilet, with 2,400 girl students having 10 toilets between them. In Nagina block, there were 16 toilets for 2,700 girls; in Firozpur Jhirka block, 15 toilets for 1,800 students.
As per the HRD Ministry’s District Information System for Education, 2013, of 175 schools in Firozpur Jhirka block, 20 girls’ and 30 boys’ schools were without toilets, while 10 and five respectively had dysfunctional toilets. In Punhana block with 188 schools, there were no toilets in 13 girls’ and 37 boys’ schools while in 26 and 27, respectively, toilets were dysfunctional.
The Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, launched in 2000-01, and the central sanitation policy that was christened NBA in 2010, stipulate separate toilets for girls in school. A 2009 order by the Directorate of School Education, Haryana, further states that there should be separate toilets for girls, boys and the staff, with one toilet added for each additional 150 students.
NBA figures show toilets built in 96 per cent schools — at least on paper. However, water facility is available in only 10 per cent.
In most schools, The Indian Express found, after toilets became dysfunctional for some reason, including lack of water or sweepers, the girls were the first to venture into the fields. Boys and teachers continued to use the functional continued…

FinMin gets started on bank consolidationFinance Ministry steps up efforts towards consolidation of public sector banks
Dheeraj Tiwari, ET Bureau Oct 3, 2014, 02.53AM IST
Tags:
bank consolidation
(FinMin has asked them to…)
NEW DELHI: The government is stepping up efforts towards consolidation of public sector banks (PSBs). The finance ministry has sent a letter to all PSBs asking them to provide business and financial details within a month to SBI Capital Markets , the investment bank that has been mandated to present possible and viable scenarios for bank consolidation.
"There were some banks which were reluctant on sharing their business details with an outside agency and perhaps that is why the ministry had intervened," said a senior banker with knowledge of the matter.
Earlier, financial services secretary GS Sandhu had said that the government has asked SBI Caps to do a study on bank consolidation. "We have given them two assignments, one is on the recapitalisation and other on bank consolidation ," he had said. According to him, there had been various suggestions on the matter. The finance ministry's push comes at a time when the country's largest bank, State Bank of India, has put on hold its plan to merge any of its five associate banks.
"The government wants some movement on consolidation. Since SBI has not announced any plans, it (government) is trying to push smaller banks," said an executive director of a state-run bank.
Of SBI's associate banks, State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur, State Bank of Mysore and State Bank of Travancore are listed entities. The country's largest lender was touted to merge either State Bank of Patiala or State Bank of Hyderabad with it in this financial year.
SBI has estimated Rs 32,831 crore as total capital requirement under the Basel III capital adequacy framework for all of SBI's associate banks. Indian banks need to meet the Basel III guidelines in phases through 2018-19.
The government is keen that at least some preparatory framework is set up on consolidation in state-run banks given the huge fund requirements to meet the global guidelines. Consolidation is expected to increase the competitiveness of Indian banks globally and also ensure financial stability. It may become easier for the merged entities to raise resource. In his budget speech, finance minister Arun Jaitley had said that the government had received some suggestions for consolidation of PSBs. "Government, in principle, agrees to consider these suggestions," he had said. As per the ministry's estimates, state-run banks require Rs 2.4 lakh crore as equity by 2018 to meet capital requirements. The government has allocated a relatively paltryRs 11,200 crore for bank capitalisation in this fiscal year through March 2015.
"There are some broad parameters within which the banks should explore all options. The report on consolidation will help to set up a road map for merger in PSBs," said a finance ministry official, adding that any merger proposals will be evaluated on the parameters of pan-India presence, business and information technology integration.
The government intends to keep its holding in PSBs at a minimum 52%. It has asked them to hive-off noncore businesses, such as insurance, or get them listed to raise resources.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Billionaire Buffett says Tesco investment was  a huge mistakeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

No mention of Vidarbha statehood on Cong list ofpromisesNo mention of Vidarbha statehood on Cong list of promises
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |       October 3, 2014 3:12 am
Comments
The Congress has decided not to support the demand from its regional leaders for separate Vidarbha state. The Congress leadership, after marathon discussions, arrived at a conclusion that they needed to make remedial measures to remove the regional imbalance in the backward regions of Vidarbha, and that creating a separate state was not the solution to achieve that target.
A senior MPCC functionary told The Indian Express: “At the party meetings, we are always caught in a dilemma on the issue of separate Vidarbha. While our leaders from Vidarbha region demand separate statehood for Vidarbha, the central leadership cautions us against taking such extreme step.”
In its election manifesto, the party has made a special mention of Vidarbha. It says, “The Congress was committed to addressing the regional imbalance in Vidarbha and that would be addressed through strengthening the Constitutionally-approved Statutory Development Board set up for the region in 2004.”
Over a decade ago, the state through a legislation decided to have separate statutory boards under the chairmanship of the state governor to address the problems of regional imbalances in Vidarbha, Marathwada and the rest of Maharashtra. The objective was to ensure that the governor controlled allocation of funds for irrigation in these backward regions.
However, former Congress minister Nitin Raut, who is from Nagpur (Vidarbha), has been demanding separate statehood for Vidarbha. Another former Union minister Vilas Muttemwar too has repeatedly agitated in support of the demand.
Former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said: “We are committed to the development of Vidarbha. We believe there is need to bring more reforms in the existing structure to ensure overall developmental growth in Vidarbha.”
Among all mainstream political parties in Maharashtra, BJP has always supported the statehood demand. Shiv Sena, however, never supported the theory, and neither did NCP and MNS.
The cotton growing belt of Vidarbha has seen maximum number of farmer suicides in the last 10 years.
A senior NCP functionary said, “Ideally, we are not in favour of division of Maharashtra. But we feel the Congress always gives more importance to allocation of funds to Vidarbha through statutory development board and neglects the agriculture problems.”

Tanner Roark to pitch out of the bullpen in NLDSBy James Wagner October 2 Follow @jameswagnerwp
Tanner Roark. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)
Despite his strong season, Tanner Roark had a feeling it would come to this. After Thursday’s workout, a day before NLDS Game 1, Roark confirmed what was expected: He is preparing to pitch in relief in the opening round of the playoffs, meaning that Gio Gonzalez is likely to start Game 4. One of the best stories of the season — an unheralded 27-year-old who blossomed into a rotation stalwart — will come out of the bullpen against the Giants.
Manager Matt Williams declined to reveal a starter for Game 4 earlier in the afternoon, but Gonzalez seems like the logical choice. Gonzalez has playoff experience and a longer track record, and would provide a different look for the Giants as the lone left-handed starter in the rotation. Gonzalez also posted a 2.36 ERA over his final seven starts of the season. Roark and his 2.85 ERA in his first full professional season, however, won’t start.
“No disappointment,”said Roark, in his typical nonchalant manner. “I kinda figured that’s what it would be. It is what it is.”
Roark pitched in relief last season when he first debuted in the major leagues and he was good at it. He posted a 1.19 ERA in 22 2/3 relief innings last season before making five starts. Despite the differences between starting and relieving, Roark will lean on this experience when he appears in the playoffs.
“It’s a different mindset,” he said. “But now that I’ve learned about pitching and myself, I just have to treat it the same way as a start. Just go out there and attack guys. I’m not scared of anything … I’ll be ready to go whenever they need me, whenever the phone ring.”
Roark understands the position he is in — the Nationals’ rotation is talented — and is instead focusing on how “super pumped” he is to experience his first-ever postseason. But on perhaps every other playoff team, Roark’s season would have earned him a start.
The Cardinals’ No. 4 playoff starter is slated to be Shelby Miller (3.74 ERA). The Tigers’ No. 4 starter is scheduled to be Rick Porcello (3.43 ERA). The Orioles could use Bud Norris (3.65 ERA) or Miguel Gonzalez (3.23 ERA), while the Giants could use Yusmeiro Petit (3.69 ERA) or Ryan Vogelsong (4.00 ERA). The Royals may start Danny Duffy (2.53 ERA) in Game 4, while Jered Weaver (3.59 ERA) could return on short rest for the Angels. Dan Haren (4.02 ERA) is in line to pitch Game 4 for the Dodgers. Roark’s ERA is better than all of those potential Game 4 starters with the exception of Duffy, who logged 49 1/3 fewer innings than Roark.
“I feel like it’s kind of frustrating from his standpoint,” reliever Tyler Clippard said. “He’s pitched so well for us this year, and definitely deserves some starts in the postseason. He’ll get them. At the same time, it’s a testament to what kind of staff we have. You can’t really blame them for making that decision, either. It’s just a product of how good we are. He knows that, and he’s going to go out there and do his job whenever he gets called on.”
James Wagner joined the Post in August 2010 and, prior to covering the Nationals, covered high school sports across the region.

Ebola patient to fly to Germany for treatmentThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rajan rules out guidelines on wholesale banksRajan rules out guidelines on wholesale banks
Our Bureau
Given the proposed structures, one can do wholesale banking with a regular licence, says RBI Governor
Mumbai, October 1:  
Non-banking finance companies and other entities wanting to venture into the wholesale banking space received a set back, when RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said there was no special need for such banks.
The Raghuram Rajan-appointed committee on financial inclusion, headed by Nachiket Mor, had recommended setting up of special types of banks — the wholesale banks — to meet the funding needs of certain section of corporates (like infrastructure companies).
While the RBI said that it would come out with final guidelines for small banks and payments banks by end-November, , Rajan, on Tuesday, ruled out the possibility of the central bank coming out with any guidelines for wholesale banks.
“Given the structures we have proposed…today with a regular banking licence, you can do wholesale banking. The idea (of wholesale banks) was to raise large amount of funds, long-term funds and not be subject to obligations that regular banks have, because you are dealing with different sets of clients. Today, with our long-term bonds, you can do infrastructure finance, you can do low-cost housing,” Rajan added.
The RBI Governor also said that the central bank will move quickly on issuing small and payments bank licences. The idea for payments bank, Rajan said, is to reach every part of the country in a low-cost way so that we can do basic deposits and also do remittances.
“With the small finance bank, the idea is to get such banks to focus on small customers. They can provide an environment where small and medium enterprises and small farmers might feel comfortable coming in,” he said.
He also said the small banks and payments banks will be subject to a higher degree of regulation during the initial period. “Obviously, we will be careful. We will up the quality and quantity of regulations that initially these new entities are subject to so that we understand the risk and then as time goes along we will allow more entrants,” he said. Rajan further added, “We have got all the creatures to populate this financial zoo and now we have to unleash them and see how the vibrancy emerges.” However, he did not specify a timeline as to when the central bank will open the on-tap licencing window for new set of universal banks.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

9 incidents that are generally excluded from medical insurance  Article: Steps to picking the right health insurance
MyInsuranceClub - Mon 19 May, 2014 8:44 AM IST
Health insurance is an excellent financial safeguard during medical emergencies, but it will not cover everything. As anyone who has ever bought or has planned to buy health insurance will tell you, ‘Even the best health plans come with exclusions’.
What are exclusions? In health insurance parlance, ‘exclusions’ refer to health conditions and medical treatments that are not covered by the insurance plan. Yes, even your wide-ranging health insurance policy that charges high premiums will have its own set of exclusions. Moreover, there are two general types of exclusions: conditions and treatment procedures that are excluded permanently throughout the duration of the policy, and those that are subject to exclusion until after the completion of a specified waiting period. The following paragraphs will focus on both types of exclusions.
Generic exclusions in health insurance plans
Pre-existing conditions – Health insurers generally list any pre-existing conditions at the time of policy purchase as exclusions. Although most insurers will not pay for pre-existing conditions, several offer coverage for them following the completion of a waiting period, provided the premiums have been paid on time.
Specific health problems – Certain common ailments such as cataract, hernia, gall bladder stone removal, congenital disease, gout and rheumatism, and procedures such as joint replacement are exclusions in the early years of the policy. Coverage begins once this waiting period is over.
Health conditions caused by war or terrorism – We live in uncertain times, but your standard health insurance plan does not provide coverage for conditions and procedures that arise as a consequence of war or terrorism.
The first 30 days of the policy – You might expect your health plan to kick in right away. But insurers do not entertain coverage claims for medical problems during the first 30 days of a new policy, except in the case of accidental injury.
Cosmetic surgery – Since most kinds of cosmetic surgery do not affect a person’s health and is consequently considered non-essential, such procedures join the ranks of exclusions in health plans. Nevertheless, cosmetic surgery would be covered if it forms part of the treatment of a health condition.
Optical, hearing and dental treatment – Most treatments under these three categories are deemed exclusions, except when they require hospitalization. Consequently, you cannot claim for the costs of spectacles, contact lenses and hearing aids.
Health problems caused by liquor or drugs – If you fall ill or sustain injuries due to intake of alcohol or drugs, your insurer will wash its hands off coverage. Similarly, you cannot claim in the case of self-inflicted harm either.
Maternity and childbirth – A common mistake is to assume that standard health insurance policies cover pregnancy and deliveries. This, however, is not the case. If you are planning to start a family, you might want to consider purchasing an additional maternity rider.
Alternative treatments – Policies that provide coverage for alternative modes of treatment—e.g. homeopathy, naturopathy—are rare. Most standard policies cover only allopathic treatment.
Know what is excluded. The point to remember is this: You do not have insurance coverage for everything. The only way to safeguard your finances is by knowing what is included and what is not. If there are gaps in your coverage, additional insurance riders are often a good way to bridge them.
 
The author is the CEO of MyInsuranceClub.com, an online insurance price & features comparison portal
               
For more articles by Deepak Yohannan, please visit MyInsuranceClub.com
You may contact him directly on Twitter: @dyohannan
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

HK leader refuses to resign to defuse tensionsHK Government offices closed as protests continue
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/41394eae-49f9-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Adam Ward / Newspix via Rex
I may campaign in next elections: Saif Ali Khan» MORE FROM VIDEOS
BREAKING NEWS
Saif Ali Khan optimistic regarding the cleanliness drive launched by the government; says may campaign in next polls
By Glynda Alves , ET Bureau | 3 Oct, 2014, 05.53AM IST
I love the energy that Mumbai has as well as the people. I love how it is actually very relaxed; it’s kind of like an Eastern Los Angeles really. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
I love the energy that Mumbai has as well as the people. I love how it is actually very relaxed; it's kind of like an Eastern Los Angeles really. Of course, it is crowded, especially when you travel from South to North. Bombay is many things - there's still a colonial heart to town and Walkeshwar. Bombay Gym is another country all together.
Bandra is very hip and connected and is a lovely place to live. There are lots of places to eat and I have a lot of fun here. I am happy I moved out of Lokhandwala which is a nightmare honestly - there's just too much traffic.
I also love the fact that it is open late at night - you can pretty much get anything done at any time of the day or night. Your internet can get sorted with just a phone call. I think Delhi in comparison is slightly more sedate.
I know and love both places however. If there's anything I don't love... well, the road to Film City has just too much traffic. However, I see the city get cleaner and better. This is the first government I have heard talking about toilets and topics like this which is really important. So, yes, I want the city to be clean. I want better infrastructure when it comes to sewage, especially in Lokhandwala where there are still open sewers and mosquitoes.
Now, even well-to-do successful people are getting dengue, so we all better clean up. I have never voted and that's because I have never felt that I am being represented. Now I feel I am and I am also a supporter of Modi's government.
It's the first time we have had such a big majority. There is no excuse for not trying to achieve special things. I like the noises that the government is making. I like the way everyone is feeling. I am really of the fact that everyone in India thinks differently and nobody is on the same page. Everyone is scared and thinks, 'What will happen to the Muslims' and this and that.
And we never get anywhere. This is one time where I feel that everyone should just fall in line. But, we should not expect miracles at the same time and then condemn the government.
I don't know if I am going to vote for the assembly polls but by the time the next election comes around, I might even campaign for what I believe in. In fact, Ritesh Deshmuk has taught me about government and elections and he said it well when he said that this last election would be thought of as a stirrer; in the sense that all our political consciences would get a little stirred and that we would have to decide where we stand.
This is something we have not done before.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Opinion on Twitter Follow

Arvind Subramanian not a top contender for CEAYou are here: Home > Collections
Arvind Subramanian not a top contender for the post of chief economic advisor
ET Bureau Oct 3, 2014, 02.54AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(Finance minister Arun Jaitley…)
NEW DELHI: US-based economist Arvind Subramanian, widely tipped as the next chief economic advisor in the finance ministry, seems to be out of the reckoning for the post.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley has held some discussions on the appointment to the post of CEA with Prime Minister Narendra Modi but no final decision has been taken. Jaitley is in hospital recovering from an infection he contracted after undergoing surgery for diabetes management in September.
A final call is expected to be taken on the matter when Jaitley gets back to work.
Subramanian is no longer a frontrunner for the post, a senior government official said. The position has been vacant since last year when Raghuram Rajan moved to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) as governor.
Subramanian, an alumnus of Delhi's St Stephen's College and an MBA from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, is currently a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics and the Centre for Global Development in the US. Siddharth Tiwari, an IMF economist, was also among those tipped to have been considered for the post.
The occupant advises on the macroeconomic situation and is responsible for two key publications — the mid-year economic review and the Economic Survey.
Modi, keen to have a lean government structure, is yet to constitute his economic advisory council as well. This was chaired by former RBI governor C Rangarajan in the previous government. Modi has already indicated his intent to revamp the Planning Commission.
FEATURED ARTICLES

JPMorgan: Data breach affects 76 million households  7 million firmsJPMorgan hack exposed data of 83 million
JP Morgan Chase & Co.
Mike Segar / Reuters
Headquarters of JP Morgan Chase & Co in New York, in this September 19, 2013.
Headquarters of JP Morgan Chase & Co in New York, in this September 19, 2013. (Mike Segar / Reuters)
By Reuters
Crime Cyber Crime Theft Business JPMorgan Chase & Co. Personal Data Collection
JPMorgan hack exposed data of 83 mln, among biggest breaches in history
Names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses of the holders of some 83 million households and small business accounts were exposed when computer systems at JPMorgan Chase & Co were recently compromised by hackers, making it one of the biggest data breaches in history.
Chase relies on customers using online banking to save them money , yet they can't secure their systems with all their financial resources.
ch47fixer
4
It added that it has not seen "unusual customer fraud" related to the attack which exposed contact information for 76 million households and 7 million small businesses.
The people affected are mostly account holders, but may also include former account holders and others who entered their contact information at the bank's online and mobile sites, according to a bank spokeswoman.
Security experts outside of the bank warned that the breach could result in an increase in crime as scammers will likely attempt to use the stolen information to engage in various types of fraud.
The bank's customers should be on heightened alert for fraud, said Mark Rasch, a former federal cyber crimes prosecutor.
"All of this data is useful to hackers and identity thieves," he said. "The kind of information that was stolen is not sensitive itself, but is frequently used to validate people's identities."
Tal Klein, vice president with the cybersecurity firm Adallom, said that the breach could undermine confidence in the security of banks and other companies that people assume are well protected from hackers.
"Criminals could literally take on the identities of these 83 million businesses and people. That's the biggest concern," he said.
"Until now the assumption has been that the companies that get breached are the ones that have poor security practices, but we know that JPMorgan had a good security program and that they invest heavily in this area," he said. "So what we are waking up to is that the fundamental nature of security is broken."
Still, JPMorgan advised customers on its website that it does not believe they need to change their passwords or account information.
Company spokeswoman Patricia Wexler said that the bank is not offering credit monitoring to its customers because no financial information, account data or personally identifiable information was compromised.
At the end of August, JPMorgan said it was working with U.S. law enforcement authorities to investigate a possible cyber attack. As with home break-ins, it can take victims of data attacks months to discover what, if anything, is missing. 
Reuters

Voters feel infrastructure push came toolateWhile the Congress campaigns showcase its pet projects, the electorate are aware of the delays, cost escalations, lack of coordination between agencies and imperfections in planning. (Express archive)
Written by Manasi Phadke , Smita Nair | Mumbai | Posted: October 3, 2014 3:40 am
Even as the Congress has made the recent transport-infrastructure transformation in city the focal point of its campaigns to extend its vote-bank beyond the slums in Mumbai, the party has failed to cut ice with many voters who feel the development has come many years too late.
While the Congress campaigns proudly showcase the projects that have, over the past two years, changed the way the city travels, what the electorate is looking at are the delays, cost escalations, lack of coordination between agencies and imperfections in planning.
“I don’t think you can claim credit for good infrastructure development by building one good bridge in 15 years,” said Anchit Desai (27), who works with a bank in Nariman Point and travels daily from Chembur using the Eastern Freeway now.
Although undoubtedly satisfied with the freeway, which has cut his daily hour-long commute to half, Desai, who has not been a Congress voter till now, says the freeway is not a strong enough reason for him to start voting for the party. “Many of the projects were delayed waiting for approvals from the Railways and other Central government agencies. The Congress had a government at the Centre as well so the excuse of Centre vs state doesn’t hold,” Desai said.
At least six key transport-infrastructure works — a Metro, a monorail, the Eastern Freeway, the Milan subway over-bridge, the SCLR and an elevated road providing direct access to the airport —were completed over the past two years. The projects have altogether billed Rs 7,522.77 crore with cost overruns of 2,806.77 crore, and enormous time overruns adding 5,528 extra construction days.
However, this was the first major new transport-infrastructure addition in the city and the Congress has been playing it up. So much so, that former Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan had himself embarked on a journey in August giving the media a guided tour of the newly completed works.
Pravin Chedda, Congress’ candidate for Ghatkopar East constituency, said infrastructure development is his priority while campaigning for votes. “The government has given Ghatkopar connectivity via Metro, Eastern Freeway, there is another Metro line that has been planned from Thane to Wadala to connect Ghatkopar. Even new voters are hundred percent getting influenced,” he said.
Pramod Rao, a 43-year-old vice president in an MNC, says he travels using the sea link every day. The toll fee is a bit taxing, but he says the commute made his work life smoother. “With our clients coming, I have even taken them on the sea link. Many are global travellers and they always have that moment when they sigh, when the car covers the carriageway. Earlier continued…

Shivaji wouldnt have approved  saysdescendantShivaji wouldn’t have approved, says descendant
Written by Sandeep A Ashar | Satara |       October 3, 2014 3:19 am
Comments
Udayanraje Bhosle at his estate in Satara. (Source: Express photo by Prashant Nadkar)
With Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s posters in Maharashtra now invoking the blessings of Chhatrapati Shivaji, it’s clear that almost every major party in the state is liberally using the warrior king’s name to woo Maratha voters.
But Shivaji’s descendant Chhatrapati Udayanraje Bhosle has lashed out at parties for using his name while failing to practise what he had preached. Bhosle did not name any party in particular, and is himself an NCP MP from Satara. “I’m in politics but I’m not a politician,” he says. Bhosle says the state is witnessing an uncertain political climate as never seen before. “Allies who shared power for several years snapped ties ahead of the election and people are hopping parties for the sake of being in power. Maharaj (Shivaji) always strove for the uplift of the disadvantaged sections… He was not driven by a craving for power or clout.”
While the Congress and the NCP are engaged in a contest for granting reservation to the Maratha community, apart from planning a grand memorial of Shivaji off the coast of Mumbai, the BJP, which lacks a credible Maratha face in its ranks, has still used Shivaji’s name in its election slogan. The Shiv Sena has always projected the warrior king as its role model. “It is only power that matters these days even if it comes at the cost of breaching public trust. Maharaj would never have approved of such policies,” Bhosle says.
Interestingly, he  says the poll plank of granting reservation to the Maratha community has set Maharashtra backward. “We are creating hatred barriers in society this way. I was always against the move. If anything, reservation must solely be based on economic backwardness and must be offered across sections,” he says. Another Shivaji descendant, Sambhajiraje, has backed the move for reservation. “It is his personal opinion,” Bhosle says of his cousin.
Satara withstood the Modi juggernaut during the Lok Sabha poll, with Bhosle winning by 3.6 lakh votes. “There is no Modi factor in my region. There is only a Raje factor,” he says.
Bhosle is a huge fan of James Bond movies — even his vehicle’s numberplate carries the number 007.

Thai boy forcibly taken away by local guardian:SchoolPrint
Written by Japjeet Duggal | Chandigarh | Posted: October 3, 2014 3:53 am
The school from where Nopparat Srimuang, a class X student from Thailand, was “rescued’’ by a warrant officer appointed by the Punjab and Haryana High Court on Wednesday evening, said the boy was forcibly taken away by a woman who claimed to be his local guardian.
Roy da Silva, principal of St Stephens School at Togan, near Mohali, denied that the school had forcibly kept the boy. “If he wanted to leave, we would have handed him over to his parents,” he said.
Srimuang was allegedly locked inside a hostel room on the principal’s order on Tuesday when he asked for a school-leaving certificate.
The principal allegedly told him that he could not leave unless he paid Rs 60,000.
On this, Anchalee Seangthong, a Thai research scholar at Panjab University who claims to be Srimuang’s local guardian, moved the high court, alleging that Srimuang was being kept in illegal custody.
Roy da Silva denied that the school had demanded money. “The woman has illegally taken the child and we will take the necessary action,” he said.
The principal also said that there was no record of any local guardian of Srimuang with the school.
However, Anchalee said, “When Srimuang took admission in the school and got accommodation in the hostel, I gave all the required documents: a copy of my passport, my photos etc which are required from the local guardian. For the last one year, I have been taking him for outings.”
She said that she had made entries at the reception every time she entered the school to meet Srimuang. The principal, however, said that the claim was false.
Srimuang reportedly called his parents on Sunday and told them that he wanted to go back as he was feeling lonely. Srimuang said, “There were four more Thai students in the school who left around six months back. I had been feeling lonely since then.’’
Anchalee went to meet him after Srimuang’s parents called her. “I asked the principal for a school-leaving certificate. The principal said that either the student has to inform three months in advance, or pay the fee of about Rs 60,000,” she said.
Anchalee said she asked under what provision the school was asking for money. “Rs 60,000 is a big amount, we wanted an explanation. This is when Srimuang was sent to his room and the door locked from outside,” she said.
Srimuang will leave for Thailand on Friday. The case in the high court is listed for October 7. Advocate K S Chahal said there was no legal problem in the child going away because “the petitioner is here. If the court decides he is needed, he can be called’”.

Dont call our houses slums:TribalsThe padas or hamlets inside the colony are home to nearly 10,000 tribals. (Source: Express archive)
Mumbai | Posted: October 3, 2014 3:50 am
By Meghna Yelluru
‘Jhopadpatti-mukt Jogeshwari’ or a promise of a slum-free Jogeshwari, is what sitting MLA from the Shiv Sena Ravindra Waikar has made his motto for the Assembly elections from the constituency in the western suburbs. But that very relocation is causing residents in the 32 tribal hamlets across Aarey Milk colony some serious concern.
The padas or hamlets inside Aarey Milk Colony are home to about 10,000 tribals. The hamlets occupy 186 acres, including some shanty towns that have also settled within. The area around these hamlets is lush where commercial crops are cultivated. That their village-style homes have been put into the same basket as slums is a subject of longstanding ire with the residents of the hamlets. “We want the government to recognise the area as a gaothan. All we need is basic amenities, such as uninterrupted electricity, water, health and sanitation facilities,” says Prakash Bhoir, a BMC employee and head of the Aadivasi Vikas Manch in the area.
Deo Pattare, a tribal resident of a Slum Rehabilitation Authority building in Aarey Colony talks of the challenges of living in a building.
“It is difficult to handle goats and farming. Our habits are very different from those of the people living in buildings,” Pattare says.
Waikar, however, has different plans for the community. “I will provide for alternative employment,” says Waikar, considered a very popular MLA. He says the tribals and the shanty-dwellers can be relocated in 30 acres of land. Waikar is contesting against Ujjwala Modak of the BJP and Rajesh Sharma of the Congress.
Denying allegations of not providing the tribals with basic facilities, Waikar says he arranged for electricity substations and adds that funds for water pipelines were allocated too. Currently, most of the padas have power supply, though erratic. Chandu Jadhav (63), of Vanichapada, says only three to five hamlets now remain to be electrified. But Bhoir, a resident of Ketlipada, says the electrification was due to the efforts of the tribals coming together and approaching private agencies. “Also, there is just one hospital nearby, which is ill-equipped,” adds Bhoir.
Mayor Sunil Prabhu inaugurated a borewell here which, residents say, is now non-functional.
meghna.yelluru@expressindia.com

Showering petals to sweeping roads: Swachh Bharat remains just anotherprogrammeSweepers before the launch of Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan in Ludhiana. (source: Express photo by Gurmeet Singh)
Written by Divya Goyal | Ludhiana | Posted: October 3, 2014 3:46 am
Failing to grasp the purpose of the cleanliness drive launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Gandhi Jayanti, the Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan in Ludhiana largely remained impractical.
The Ludhiana Municipal Corporation turned the entire event at R S Model Senior Secondary School, Shastri Nagar, into a show.
The school students were made to shower flower petals on local bodies secretary Ashok Gupta, Mayor Harcharan Singh Gohalwaria and MC commissioner Pradeep Aggarwal as they entered the venue.
Hundreds of MC sweepers were made to wait for hours outside the venue before the arrival of Gupta. With decorated brooms in their hands, they were instructed not to spread in other areas.
It was around 11 am when Gupta arrived with MC officials and then also the sweeping did not start. First a long programme of taking oath, listening to patriotic songs and speeches went inside as sweepers haplessly waited outside the school to get a nod from MC officials.
Asked to queue along the gate, one of the sweepers said, “Had we followed our normal routine, many areas would have been cleaned till now. What is the purpose of standing at the gate with brooms in hand? We have been standing for two hours and MC officials have told us not to move anywhere.”
A two-minute posing with brooms was done by MC officials along with Mayor and Gupta sweeping already clean area in the school.
Sources in MC said that elaborate arrangements were made for the chief secretary, local bodies, who was expected to visit the city for the launch but at last moment his visit was cancelled and Gupta came. “All these flower showering and other ceremonies were planned for him but Gupta came,” said the source. Contacted, A S Sekhon, health incharge (MC), did not respond to calls.
Gupta told the media that by 2017, all cities of the state would have 100 per cent water supply, sewerage treatment plants, night shelters, bus shelters and other such facilities.
All praises for Ludhiana MC, Gupta said, “As I entered the city this morning, I must admit that it looked much cleaner as compared to last around 10 years.” He gave an example of Japanese fans who cleaned the football stadium after a match in Brazil recently.
Gupta added that the MC should adopt some practice under which people who litter on roads and public places be fined.
Similar scenes were witnessed at Bachat Bhawan when ADC Amrit Kaur Gill launched the drive with DC office staff. Staff posed with brooms, all sweeping at the same place for around two minutes and then brooms were left there. However, some employees also cleaned their personal cabins.
Even at Punjab Agricultural University, new brooms were purchased for officials who along with Vice-Chancellor B S Dhillon swept varsity roads. “It was quite funny when continued…

Sahara chief back in jail cell  hotel deal uncertainThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

MNCs hire Indians for top leadership roles in ChinaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hong Kong official to meet with pro-democracy protestersThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Obama Outlines Economic Case Ahead of MidtermsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Winthrop Realty Trust Invites You to Join Its Third Quarter 2014 Management Conference Call
A Maserati made to measureElliott Gould’s drive time
New York Fashion Week was among these stops, affording the opportunity to talk with the two executives about the differences between “soft” and “hard” luxury, what they would design if they ran each other’s company, the lacklustre bulletproofing qualities of hand-woven silk, and the lure of “adorable imperfection”.
Wester, left, and Zegna. (Fabrizio Ferri/Maserati)
Brett Berk: Take us back to the beginning: how did you decide that this was a good idea?
Gildo Zegna: I think we have two similar luxury brands. We go after a luxury customer worldwide, we are two venerable companies over 100 years old, we come from the same region and, you know, why not do something together?
Harald Wester: I asked my people: what could we do with a partner in the luxury industry which would offer something to our customers, but also their customers – something which none of us could do alone? And Zegna was top of the list.
What are the points of overlap between Maserati and Zegna?
Zegna: Modernity, international market, performance, quality, style, Italianity, affluence. And fun. I think that it’s fun to drive and to wear a car. Sitting inside, with the silk interior [of the Zegna Limited Edition], you feel this cocoon effect that, personally, I don’t think you feel in leather. Maybe leather has a sportier touch to it than fabric, but I think that you feel more at home with silk.
Wester: Rarely have two very different companies shared so many things. And in particular, have the same mindset in what we want to bring our customers. Neither of us accepts the word impossible. If we desire to do something, we will find a way to get it done.
A specially woven jersey silk lines the sun visors of the Zegna Quattroporte. (Maserati)
What specifically does Maserati bring to Zegna in this collaboration, and what does Zegna bring to Maserati?
Zegna: I think that Maserati brings a sexy masculinity. The music of their engine is unique. I think no other car in the world has that. And so, it’s that music that added to our brand, adds a particular sex appeal.
Wester: With our being a car company committed to the technological, Zegna are very helpful in reminding us to focus on warmth. We are a steel industry. They are softer. I want our customers to have an emotional relationship with our product. And if everything is perfect, cold, technocratic, the maximum relationship you can have with this thing is, you own it. When you don’t feel a part of it, it does not extend your personality. If you take even the best handmade jacket, and compare this to a perfectly machined, produced part, you will find some errors. You can see it is handmade. Together we are redeveloping, how should I say, the adorable imperfection.
Seat cushions feature a durable silk chevron weave. (Maserati)
If you, Gildo, could bring any material into a car interior, regardless of safety or regulatory concerns, what would it be?
Zegna: After having tried silk, probably cashmere. Or a blend of cashmere and silk, because the cashmere gives the luxury and the warmth, and silk gives you the sheen, the summer part. I think that playing with blends is a lot of fun. Take two natural fibres and work together. To me that would be an interesting frontier.
If you, Harald, could build a suit out of any material, what materials would you like to see included in a men’s suit?
Wester: I love the blend between the most precious natural materials, and the most precious synthetics. Perhaps a combination of cashmere, silk, carbon fibre and Kevlar? And something that could change colour, or change structure – memory material, very very thin metal, almost like an armour. In the Middle East and Russia, people are providing and selling suits that are pretty much protective from bullets, but they have the consistency of a normal suit. And this is something, which… well, silk will never go there.
(Maserati)
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .

Photos: Modi wields broom on Gandhi JayantiEYE BROWSE
Modi wields broom
Prime Minister Narenda Modi on Gandhi Jayanti visited Valmiki Basti where he wielded the broom as a token gesture to mark 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan' .
The chosen venue is the one which boasts the legacy of having once been the place where Mahatma Gandhi lived in a hutment.
In a spirited speech near the India Gate monument a short while later, Modi told a huge gathering that Indians had a responsibility of fulfilling Mahatma Gandhi's dream of ridding the country of dirt and filth by 2019, the 150th birth anniversary of Gandhi.
The nationwide Swachh Bharat campaign focuses on sanitation, hygiene and waste management. (Agencies)
Modi picks up the broom, promises to sweep India0:53
On the day when nation indulges into rituals of remembering Mahatma Gandhi Prime Minister Narendra Modi decides to be different. He picked a broom and swept the streets of the capital on Thursday to ... more 
On the day when nation indulges into rituals of remembering Mahatma Gandhi Prime Minister Narendra Modi decides to be different. He picked a broom and swept the streets of the capital on Thursday to galvanize the country for making India clean. less 
1 / 10

A weekend of reunions in the Premier LeagueFabregas, Pochettino ready to battle old friends
By By Mike Collett | Reuters –  Thu 2 Oct, 2014
Barcelona's Cesc Fabregas speaks during a news conference at the Vicente Calderon …
By Mike Collett
LONDON (Reuters) - Cesc Fabregas will play against his old club Arsenal for table-topping Chelsea while Tottenham Hotspur boss Mauricio Pochettino will try to halt the progressof his former club Southampton, who are second, in the Premier League this weekend.
Harry Redknapp will also be renewing acquaintance with his first club West Ham United when he takes his struggling Queens Park Rangers side to Upton Park, needing a win to get them out of the bottom three.
But one reunion that has been put on hold, on the pitch at least, is Wayne Rooney's with Everton.
It will be 10 years and two days on Sunday since Rooney, who was then 18, made his league debut for Manchester United against Middlesbrough after leaving Everton in a 27 million pounds ($43.70 million) transfer a few weeks earlier.
But the United skipper starts a three-match suspension after being sent off in a 2-1 win over West Ham last week in which he scored.
With six matches played, Chelsea, who beat Sporting Lisbon 1-0 in the Champions League on Tuesday, lead the standings on 16 points, three ahead of Southampton, five clear of champions Manchester City and six clear of fourth-placed Arsenal.
ARSENAL CRUSHED
In March, Chelsea crushed Arsenal 6-0 in manager Arsene Wenger's 1,000th match in charge of the Gunners and he goes back to Stamford Bridge, a few days after his 18th anniversary as the Arsenal boss, determined to avoid a repeat of that humiliation.
The only league points Chelsea have dropped this season were in their 1-1 draw at Manchester City on Sept.21 when their former player Frank Lampard scored against them.
Now Fabregas, 27, playing close to Lampard's old position as an attacking midfielder, is determined to lead Chelsea to glory and says he has no problem facing the team where he spent eight years before moving to Barcelona.
"Changing clubs is part of the game and people must remember it was Arsenal who didn't take up the buy-back option for me," he told The Sun last month.
"I wanted to keep playing football, enjoying myself and my career and I felt that joining Chelsea was the best option for me.
"Arsenal are still very close to me. I still have friends there and have a really good connection with them but in football things change. I left Arsenal for a reason and didn't go back for a reason."
Arsenal, though, feel buoyant after their 4-1 thrashing of Galatasaray in Wednesday's Champions League clash, which featured new signing Danny Welbeck's first hat-trick in senior football.
Arsenal are unbeaten in the league but have only won two and drawn four of their six matches including last week's 1-1 draw with arch-rivals Tottenham who will look to build on a solid defensive performance at the Emirates when they face Southampton at White Hart Lane on Sunday.
Current Spurs manager Pochettino did well to take the Saints to an eighth place finish last season, but Southampton have surprised everyone this season under new coach Ronald Koeman who said going to White Hart Lane will add some spice to the occasion for his players and their fans.
"Maybe it will be a little bit special for Mauricio and for the players and the fans -- but I was in Holland last year," he said after Southampton beat Queens Park Rangers last weekend.
"For me it is just another game and another three points we want."
Redknapp, who also managed Southampton, was roundly booed by Saints fans at St Mary's last week where QPR were beaten 2-1 but praised Koeman afterwards.
"He is doing an excellent job here," said Redknapp. "And they have bought some good players and kept some good players despite losing some."
Southampton might not finish among the top positions, but they have made a better start than champions Manchester City, who won 4-2 at Hull City last weekend after allowing a 2-0 lead to slip at one stage.
They will also be looking to bounce back from a lethargic Champions League performance on Tuesday, drawing 1-1 at home to AS Roma, when they visit Aston Villa, who have started well but lost 3-0 at Chelsea last week and have slipped to sixth.
(US dollar = 0.6178 British pound)
(Reporting by Mike Collett; Editing by Ken Ferris)
Recommend

The most popular university major in the US leads to the least fulfilling workThey're happy now, at least. (Reuters/Fabian Bimmer)
SHARE
Max Nisen @MaxNisen
October 2, 2014
College students flock to business, by far the most popular undergraduate major  in the US, and after graduating, the MBA is the most popular advanced degree . It’s not hard to see why: Business training helps students finding jobs right out of school and higher salaries .
But a lot of those business majors also seem to be pretty miserable in those jobs, according to a new poll from Gallup and Purdue. When Gallup asked whether business majors were “interested” in their careers, far fewer than half said they were:
Share
Tap image to zoom
They also come in last—and under 50%—in Gallup’s measure of “purpose well-being,” defined as “people liking what they do each day and being motivated to achieve their goals.” Relatively recent graduates are even worse off:
Share
Tap image to zoom
Even those with postgraduate business degrees (which usually means an MBA) report substantially less career interest and “purpose well-being” than their peers who chose a different field. The poll is a reminder that while a job might be easier to find with a business degree, that job might be one where you’re trudging through the day just for a paycheck.
And business majors actually weren’t even the ones that reported feeling most financially secure: More science and engineering majors reported that they were thriving financially. But there is some good news for business majors: While computer scientists may make the most money right out of school, business is a more lucrative path in the long run if you excell. The top 5% of business majors (including graduate degrees) in terms of salary make $4.23 million over a lifetime, compared to $3.93 million for computer science majors, according to data collected by The Hamilton Project .
Share this:

http://usat.ly/1vBgfnoU.S. stocks buck major losses as Asia, Europe indexes are pounded
Japan's Nikkei 225 index tumbled 2.6%. European markets pushed lower in mid-morning trades.
Post to Facebook
U.S. stocks buck major losses as Asia, Europe indexes are pounded Japan's Nikkei 225 index tumbled 2.6%. European markets pushed lower in mid-morning trades. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vAc774
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
U.S. stocks buck major losses as Asia, Europe indexes are pounded
Adam Shell and Gary Strauss, USA TODAY 4:18 p.m. EDT October 2, 2014
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
57 CONNECT 131 TWEET LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
U.S. stocks reversed steep early intraday losses Thursday following selloffs in Asian and Europe, where continued unrest in Hong Kong, worries over the spreading Ebola virus and renewed fears over slowing global economic growth continue to unravel financial markets.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average, Standard & Poors 500 and NASDAQ erased early losses, squeezing out small gains or narrow losses. The Dow - off 130 points Thursday morning - was up about 50 points later in the day, but slipped 3.66 points to close at 16,801.05. The S&P 500 ended up 0.01% at 1,946.17, narrowly avoiding its first four-day losing streak of the year. NASDAQ stocks rose 8.11 points to 4,430.20.
Investment firm Strategas Research Partners suggested that the "pullback is getting overdone."
"Our best guess is the market is within a few percentage points of putting in some tradeable low,'' says Strategas analyst Chris Verrone.
Earlier, Japan's Nikkei 225 index tumbled 2.6%, France's CAC 40 dropped 2.8%, Britain's FTSE 100 lost 1.7% and Germany's DAX fell 2%.
Hong Kong protests continue amid Beijing 'chaos' warning http://t.co/AvOmuHkTkY
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) October 2, 2014
At all-time highs just two weeks ago, U.S. indexes have been undermined by unexpected concerns, ranging from Ebola and the growing backlash against the Islamic State in the Middle East to lackluster growth in Europe and China. There are also concerns that the long-bull market was ripe for a correction.
"A lot of it is related to global and geopolitical uncertainties, from Russia to the Middle East to Ebola to Hong Kong," says Sung Won Sohn, economics and finance professor at California State University Channel Islands. "All these risks bunched up and hit at the same time."
Wednesday, the Dow plunged 238.19 points (1.4%) to 16,804.71. The S&P 500 dropped 26.13 points (1.3%) to 1946.16 and the Nasdaq composite skidded 71.30 points (1.6%) to 4422.09.The Standard & Poors 500 Index - poised for its first four-day losing streak of  2014 - and other the Dow have fallen below key support levels, while the small-cap Russell 2000  is now off more than 10% from its March all-time high.
"This continues to be a classic market top of importance,'' says Gary Kaltbaum of investment firm Kaltbaum Capital Management. "Tops take time. Tops are a process, not an event. The 2007 top took about 6 months. This one looks to be about the same."
Commodities were also falling again in weakening demand and oversupply. For the first time in 17 months, benchmark West Texas Intermediate crude oil fell below below $90 a barrel in Thursday morning trading, while Brent crude fell to $92.51 a barrel, its lowest levels since June 2012.
Europe's sluggish growth could spell bad news globally, says Todd Schoenberger of J. Streicher Asset Management.
"The spillover impact is real simple -- Europe is China's number one customer, and if one falls the other will, too," he says. "This has a ripple effect on corporate earnings for multinationals, so the fundamental risk is front and center today."
Markets in Hong Kong and China were closed for a public holiday. Pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong are locked in a standoff with the government.
While health experts agree that the U.S. is not at risk for a large Ebola epidemic like that in West Africa, "the Ebola issue is huge," Schoenberger says. "It's top-of-mind for traders and is clearly impacting sentiment."
Sohn argues that the street protests in Hong Kong could become a more significant worry for financial markets if pro-democracy protests spread to mainland China.
"Then it becomes a China problem and not just a Hong Kong problem," says Sohn. "And if it becomes a China problem, then it becomes a U.S. problem and a global problem" because a political crisis could morph into an economic problem for China.
"If China's economy slows down significantly, it becomes a global economic problem," says Sohn. "China is the world's economic locomotive."
China's growth rate has already slowed to 7.4%.
While a cascade of overseas woes weighs on U.S. markets, some believe the pressures on stocks markets are short-term.
"All of the above was enough to start the quarter on a down note, but I still believe the markets are set to grind higher between now and the end of the year," says U.S. Trust market strategist Joseph Quinlan.
Markets in Europe want to see more stimulus efforts than the European Central Bank delivered Thursday. The ECB left interest rates at record-low levels and also announced it would start buying covered bonds and asset-backed securities to help stimulate Eurozone growth.
But the ECB's moves still disappointed investors, because ECB president  Mario Draghi did not take the more aggressive step of laying out a U.S.-style "easy money" program of buying sovereign bonds.
Contributing: AP, Liz Szabo, Kim Hjelmgaard.
401(k) borrowers hurting themselves more than they may realize, losing hundreds a month for retirement http://t.co/1oASFxGOpa
57 CONNECT 131 TWEET LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vAc774
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Grain Higher  Beefhigher and Pork LowerAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

IMF s Christine Lagarde says global recovery  not good enoughInternational Monetary Fund's Christine Lagarde says global recovery 'not good enough'
By Reuters | 3 Oct, 2014, 02.39AM IST
0
Share More
She called on policymakers to do more to boost economic growth, including reforming labor market policies and investing in infrastructure.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: The global economy could be stuck in a weak growth rut for a long time as countries struggle to pull free from a past of high debt and unemployment , the head of the International Monetary Fund said on Thursday.
The economic rebound is even weaker than the IMF predicted six months ago, and countries risk getting bound to a prolonged period of sluggish growth, especially in the euro zone, IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde said.
"Yes, there is a recovery but as we all know - and can all feel it - the level of growth and jobs is simply not good enough," Lagarde said, according to prepared remarks at Georgetown University in Washington .
"The world needs to aim higher and try harder."
Lagarde also warned about financial risks, as asset valuations in advanced economies have shot up while volatility stays low, and more risky transactions start to migrate to the shadow banking sector. And geopolitical risks could also derail the recovery, she said.
She called on policymakers to do more to boost economic growth and create jobs, including reforming labor market policies and investing in infrastructure.
"Our main job now is to help the global economy shift gears and overcome what has been so far a disappointing recovery: one that is brittle, uneven, and beset by risk," Lagarde said.
"It means a mix of bolder policies to inject a 'new momentum' that can overcome this 'new mediocre' that clouds the future."

PM Modi has more American FB fans than many US politiciansPM Narendra Modi has more American Facebook fans than many US politicians
PTI Oct 3, 2014, 02.39AM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(Modi's American Facebook…)
NEW YORK: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's fan following is not only restricted to India but he is also popular in the US where he has more Facebook fans than most current members of Congress, governors and other political leaders, according to a media report.
Modi's American Facebook base of 170,529 as of Wednesday is larger than all but 21 American elected officials and current candidates, the New York Times reported citing Socialbakers, a site that tracks social media accounts.
The paper attributed Modi's large Facebook fan following to the effective use of social media in his election campaign earlier this year and using it as an important part of his communication strategy once in office.
His popularity among people of Indian descent in the US was vividly displayed by the reception he got at a sold-out Madison Square Garden event here on Sunday.
The paper said that several American politicians also benefited from Modi's presence in the US.
Members of Congress who attended the Madison Square Garden event received sizable boosts on Twitter after posting pictures of themselves with the Indian leader, the NYT said.
Modi even has more American Facebook fans than Chris Christie , the Republican governor of New Jersey and potential presidential candidate, or Harry Reid , the Senate majority leader from Nevada.
Most of Modi's social media followers come from India, which has the second-largest number of Facebook users.
However, there are American politicians who have a bigger social media base outside their country.
President Barack Obama , who has more Facebook fans outside the United States (37.8 million) than inside it (15.1 million), tops the list.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jp will have to wait for mayawati till then stay way...inform even ban...New Member
7 Followers
As if all except you are illiterate or living in Mars!Lie has 10 heads! Dasharath was intelligent but he couldn`t overcome his bad thought.Dushera reminds us of the ultimate victory of truth over wickedness!Now in our country there can be fans for Dashrath also!
9.50 AM Oct 3rd

Swachh Bharat  requires change in individua...It is also essential to define what swachh actually means. Building toilets is an important dimension. But there are at least two other equally significant ones: hygiene and how we deal with garbage.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Vinita Bali
Finally, it is great to have a leader not just talk about 'Swachh Bharat' but also set a timeline within which to achieve it. Even though this is a mandate from the prime minister, it has to be delivered for the people of India by the people of India. The task is enormous and will require a change in individual behaviour as well as a transformation in the back-end capability to provide the tools, processes, systems and structures that make hygiene, cleanliness and sanitation achievable and sustainable.
It is also essential to define what swachh actually means. Building toilets is an important dimension. But there are at least two other equally significant ones: hygiene and how we deal with garbage. Several countries have adopted WASH (Water, Sanitation & Hygiene) as part of their nutrition-sensitive interventions.
There are significantly improved nutritional outcomes as a consequence of better hygiene, sanitation and access to potable water.
Right now, we are perfectly engineered to co-exist with the lack of sanitation that surrounds us. Unless the entire system is overhauled, we will not see a lasting effect. That system includes each of us as generators of garbage and various organisations, from municipal corporations to the ministries that deal with solutions to hygiene and sanitation.
All three — hygiene, sanitation and garbage — require an understanding of the hardware and software that must be activated to get the final result. There are several examples of serious initiatives to build toilets in cities (hardware) that fall into disuse very quickly because the beneficiaries don't see the value proposition.
Understanding the economic and social model that makes this goal palpable, achievable and enduring is critical to its success.
Unless we adopt a systemic approach and hold each actor in the chain accountable (through motivating a behavioural change and/or by imposing hefty penalties for non-compliance), we are unlikely to meet with enduring success.
Take the case of garbage and the perennial reality of landfills on the one hand, and garbage everywhere on our streets, on the other.
Not segregating at source makes the problem even more obtuse.
Add to that the fact that we seem to be over-packing everything — magazines are sold in plastic covers, bouquets of flowers are generously wrapped in a lot of paper, five-star hotels pack slippers in a plastic bag which is then put in a cardboard!
The travesty is that we have enough answers and commonsense solutions to get started.
Talk to anyone who has spent any time in garbage and they will give you the mantra of reduce-reuserecycle and segregate the wet and dry at source — both of which intuitively make sense and are doable, once we have the conviction and the desire to be part of the solution.
For us to get started and focused, we also need to create an architecture of how garbage must be handled.
Of the approximately 4,000 tonnes of garbage generated every day in Bangalore, bulk generators like offices, hotels, schools and colleges account for over half. These are easily identifiable and reachable targets that also have the capacity and capability of reducing, recycling and reusing their own garbage by investing in simple available technologies that enable the wet garbage to be composted and the dry garbage to be recycled, or even converted to polymer oil in the case of plastics. Even though solutions are known, there is apathy among the institutions to tackle this issue systemically.
Swachh Bharat requires a lot more than brooms on the streets. It requires a comprehensive and coordinated effort to create the back-end infrastructure to deal with solutions to segregate at source, create dry waste collection centres, compost the wet waste to make it reusable as soil, etc. Most of all it will require a massive behavioural change and significant investment in creating a garbage management system that uses science, technology and logistics that convert garbage to something of value. Take the example of fleece jackets and plastic furniture made from PET bottles, or polymer fuel from all kinds of plastics.
The Andolan has to be achieved with comprehensive programmes, a tighter regulatory framework (eg. all buildings with more than a 100 people have to compulsorily deal with their wet waste) and large-scale participation.
We have to envision a country that does not force its children to become ragpickers to eke out a living.
The writer is former Managing Director, Britannia
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Opinion on Twitter Follow

JPMorgan: Info on 76mn households hit in breachJPMorgan Chase said that information such as names and addresses for 76 million household customers and seven million businesses was compromised in a data breach this summer
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: JPMorgan Chase said Thursday that information such as names and addresses for 76 million household customers and seven million businesses was compromised in a data breach this summer.
But the largest US bank said there was no evidence that critical account information such as account numbers, user identities or social security numbers were stolen by the hackers.
The bank "continues not to have seen any unusual customer fraud related to this incident," JPMorgan said in a securities filing.
"JPMorgan Chase customers are not liable for unauthorized transactions on their account that they promptly alert the firm to," the bank said.
JPMorgan said in August that it was cooperating with law-enforcement officials following reports that hackers believed to be from Russia broke into the bank's computer systems.
Earlier Thursday, the New York Times reported that JPMorgan was hit by hackers for a second time in three months. The report, citing people familiar with the probe, said the bank found that hackers from Italy or another part of southern Europe accessed bank servers.
But a JPMorgan spokeswoman called the report "false" and said that the bank is "not aware of any new attack."
The case follows other huge data breaches at Home Depot and Target. The Home Depot breach affected 56 million customer payment cards, while the Target breach affected credit card data for 40 million customers, plus personal and identification information for 70 million other customers.

What s making affluent Indians bet on US rea...What's making affluent Indians bet on US real estate?
New York Times Oct 3, 2014, 05.51AM IST
Tags:
(Rich Indians are joining…)
By Dionne Searcey
Arun Kumar owns three apartments in New Delhi, where he has carved out a comfortable life as part of India's rapidly expanding middle class. Not long ago, he also became a global landlord, picking up an inexpensive three-bedroom house and a duplex nearly 8,000 miles away, in St. Louis.
For Kumar and other affluent Indians, US real estate is a security blanket. Faced with what some have considered a bubble in real estate prices in major Indian cities and a sometimes jittery Bombay Stock Exchange, they are joining a wave of buyers from other countries who see the recovering US housing market as one of the best places to put their money these days.
The wealthy elite from China, Latin America and elsewhere have bought pieds-a-terre in glassy towers in Manhattan, luxury condos in Miami and homes along the West Coast. Law enforcement investigations have found that some foreign investors are using US real estate holdings, at least in part, to hide cash and other assets from authorities in their home country.
But many less-than-superrich foreign investors just want a safe place to put extra savings, and their investments tend to be much less grandiose than the trophy properties that have drawn most of the attention. And for Indians in particular, who long trusted in gold to protect their wealth, US real estate offers a "very, very attractive destination," said Subir Gokarn, director of research at Brookings India in New Delhi.
Jed Kolko, chief economist at Trulia, an online marketplace for residential real estate, said the most popular property searches for people from India were in and around Silicon Valley, where technology firms heavily recruit from India; in the Boston and Philadelphia areas near universities that have numerous students from India; and in suburban areas of New Jersey and in Queens, where there are established Indian-American communities.
In an echo of the late 1980s, foreign investment in US real estate has taken off again. A survey from the National Association of Realtors estimates that from April 2013 to March of this year, total sales to international clients were about $92.2 billion, a 35 per cent increase over the previous 12 months. The figure includes purchases by recent immigrants.
Foreign buyers now make up 7 per cent of total existing-home sales of $1.2 trillion, according to the survey. Of those, Indians represent 6 per cent of the purchases, spending $5.8 billion, up from $3.9 billion over the same period a year ago and on par with buyers from Britain.
Canadians have long bought US property and still do so in big numbers, with purchases centered for the most part in Arizona, Florida and more recently in Las Vegas. Canada still accounts for the largest share of buyers, but China is the fastest-growing source of clients, according to the Realtors' group.
And Chinese buyers are bigger spenders. Their real estate purchases in the United States nearly doubled from last April to last March, increasing to $22 billion from the previous period. They accounted for nearly a quarter of all international sales in the current period.
"Most people who can come here, they are pretty wealthy," said Grace Tian, a broker with Realty Mark Associates in Philadelphia who often works with Chinese clients.
In contrast, buyers from India are a more eclectic group. These include parents living in India who buy apartments for students attending college, making sure the units have concierge service and an extra bedroom so they can visit for extended periods, several real estate agents said. After the students leave college, the parents often keep the apartment and rent it out.
"It's a good investment in their eyes, and it can be a better deal instead of them paying dorm costs or renting somewhere else," said Michael DiMella, a managing partner with the Charlesgate Realty Group in Boston whose Indian clients have bought near Northeastern University.
At the same time, the riverfront Newport area of Jersey City has emerged as popular with Indian buyers.
On a recent evening, commuters returning home from Manhattan wove between the high-rises, passing advertisements for Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa, an Indian reality dance TV show, and Raaz Specialty Indian Cuisine. A poster in the nearby train station for an Indian news website featured a riff about pani puri, a popular Indian street snack.
A cluster of mothers who had recently arrived from India gathered outside a playground with their toddlers. For now, they were renting apartments with their husbands, but said they hoped to buy condos in the area soon, citing conveniences for young mothers like a grocery store within walking distance, gym and parks, and a fast commute to the city.

Congressman who lost in primary waging write-in campaignBy Sean Sullivan October 2 Follow @WaPoSean
Bentivolio in 2012. (AP Photo/Paul Sancya)
Rep. Kerry Bentivolio (R-Mich.), the reindeer rancher turned lawmaker who lost badly to businessman David Trott in the Republican primary, will wage an active write-in campaign for his seat, he said Thursday, potentially complicating matters for Republicans in a district they have been favored to hold.
The congressman  told the Detroit News that his main objective is to encourage disgruntled Republicans to turn out to support Republican Terri Lynn Land for U.S. Senate, not hurt GOP chances of keeping his seat.
Trott is favored to win in November, but the presence of Bentivolio in the race could make his outlook a bit more difficult. Some supporters of Bentivolio in the primary might be persuaded to vote for the congressman again.
Bentivolio's 11th district seat encompasses some suburbs of Detroit and leans Republican. Mitt Romney won 52 percent of the vote there in 2012.
Bentivolio suggested  last month that he might take this step, saying he planned to write his own name in on the ballot and was mulling an active campaign. Under  state law,  only write-in votes for candidates who have submitted the requisite paperwork will be counted. Bentivolio plans to file the necessary papers.
Bentivolio lost to Trott by  32 points . The congressman struggled to raise money in a lackluster primary campaign and a top staffer departed months before the election. First elected in 2012 after then-Rep. Thad McCotter (R) surprisingly failed to qualify for the ballot, Bentivolio has clashed with Republican leaders during his time in the House.
Speaking about Trott, Bentivolio  told the Detroit News that he was not going to "endorse a guy who slandered and libeled my good name."
In response to Bentivolio's write-in campaign, Trott campaign manager Megan Piwowar said, "In the past, Bentivolio has urged Republicans to avoid write-in efforts. If he wants to disrespect the overwhelming number of voters, that's his choice."
Ex-State Department official Bobby McKenzie is the Democratic nominee. McKenzie campaign manager Tony Coppola declined to comment on Bentivolio's decision.
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.

Jagate raho  bajate rahoCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Coal India expects rise in coal import ordersYou are here: Home > Collections
Coal India expects rise in coal import orders
Debjoy Sengupta, ET Bureau Oct 3, 2014, 04.13AM IST
Tags:
Coal
(CIL, the country’s largest…)
KOLKATA: State-run Coal India (CIL) expects a spurt in import orders after the Supreme Court last month barred most private companies from mining in 214 coal blocks from next year.
The court scrapped the coal blocks allocated by the government over the last two decades saying the allocations were illegal.
It ordered that the blocks should be returned to Coal India from March next year.
CIL, the country's largest miner and supplier of the fuel, imports coal to bridge the demand-supply gap. Prior to the court ruling, it had received orders to import close to 5 million tonnes of coal. It now expects more such requests.
"Some companies are likely to import on their own, but we assume some consumers may want to source imported coal through Coal India. We are expecting a spurt in import orders in the next few months," a senior CIL director told ET. "A large number of power companies may want to import coal through us."
The coal behemoth has appointed state-owned MMTC to import coal. The mechanism for advances and payment are already in place and Coal India is awaiting final orders from the companies.
According to consultancy firm ICRA, out of the affected power capacity in the private segment, about 53% (9.5 GW) have firmed up power purchase agreements with distribution utilities within which about 50% capacity is competitively bid and the rest is based on cost-plus tariff principles. All these companies will require coal to supply the power they have promised. In the short run, it will have to be imported either directly or through Coal India.
While mining is permitted from the operational coal blocks till March 2015, availability of coal thereafter would critically depend upon the timeliness in take-over of mining operations by Coal India or allocation of such blocks through the bidding route. Any delays in allocation of coal blocks through the bidding route would lead to dependence on coal from the open market, through e-auctions or coal imports, given the shortages in domestic coal availability.
As per ICRA's estimates, steam coal demand from the affected power projects in the private and state sectors is estimated at about 160 MMT by FY 2017-18. Given that the majority of the affected power projects are scheduled to be completed over the next two to three years, ICRA expects a significant time lag in availability of coal even though such blocks are re-allotted through abidding route. This in turn is likely to increase import demand .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Audis accidental attack dogAudi A3, World Car of the Year
Now, as the latest Audi to be built on a widely employed modular platform, its inevitable high-performance variant squares off with Mercedes-Benz's CLA 45 AMG and BMW's M235i , but also poses a vexing question both for Audi and potential buyers: with the S3 matching or exceeding its driving dynamics, why bother with an S4?
True, the S4 sedan commands about 40 more horsepower, a more spacious interior and a higher rung on the scale of wonderful, but in the US, it is also about $7,000 more dear.  
In the pantry of powertrains created by Audi parent Volkswagen Group, the 2-litre engine found in the S3 is the company's rice, feeding all. Nestled sideways up front and driving all four wheels through a new Haldex all-wheel-drive system, the S3's turbocharged four-cylinder engine might seem familiar, powering everything from A3 hatchbacks to Q5 SUVs to Tuaregs and Golfs.
But for the S3, it gains key bits that bring power up from the A3 Quattro's 225hp to a healthy 292hp and 280 pound-feet of torque. Revised pistons and connecting rods, reinforced main bearings, a new cylinder head with unique exhaust valves, seats and valvesprings, plus a new turbocharger are all conducted by completely new fuel and ignition mapping. They add up to a very usable, unfinicky, high-output four-cylinder engine, happy in its work and eager like a puppy.
It is also a DJ of sorts, plumbing in sound from the engine compartment via one signal-amplifying speaker dedicated to the engine auditory arts, and a nifty bypass valve in the exhaust system. The S3 barks an entertaining libretto, a cross between a larger six and a flat-four. Some guttural gurgle is always a good thing.
On two-lane roads and billiard-smooth track, the S3's electrically boosted steering combines lightness with real, weighty feel – a rarity in this age of digitised, numbed steering systems. A driver never guesses what is happening at tarmac level. Though the tested S3s wore the optional, top-shelf 19in wheels and magnetic dampers, stellar steering feel is a hallmark even of the S3’s down-market sibling, the A3.
On the Circuit of the Americas in Austin, Texas, home to the United States Grand Prix Formula 1 race, the S3 is as planted as any performance car of its stripe. As with most Audis, the car wants to leave its line once grip sets off – the sensible way to engineer cars, even to enthusiasts. And the S3 yields precious little body roll, even at maximum Schumacher.
Audi's dual-clutch S-tronic six-speed automated gearbox is the only transmission choice for the S3, and it is a stout, compliant, mischievous playmate: quick to respond, loath to leave holes in the power delivery and prone to coaxing brief burps from the exhaust on shifts. Likewise, through Audi's rotary Drive Select programme, the driver can opt into aggressive settings not just for the transmission, but for steering and those optional magnetic dampers – the front of which are actually mounted upside-down, in motorcycle fashion, for packaging’s sake. Clever.
One of the few disappointments in the S3, albeit minor in the grand scheme, also goes for most entry-level luxury products: a mesh sunroof shade. On very sunny days, a driver longs for a solid barrier between one’s head and the cosmos, and the S3 does not provide it, not even as an option.
But settle into the S3 and great expectations build, temporarily suspending the realisation that this is Audi's smallest, least expensive S-car. Expectations fulfilled.
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .
Vital Stats
Base price: $41,995, inclusive of $895 destination charge
Price as tested: $49,945
EPA fuel economy: 23mpg city, 31mpg highway
Powertrain: Turbocharged 292hp, 2-litre four-cylinder engine, six-speed dual-clutch automatic transmission, permanent all-wheel drive
Standard equipment: Dual-zone automatic climate control, xenon headlights, 18in wheels, leather sport front seats, Drive Select dynamic adjustment
Major options: Prestige Package (navigation system, Bang & Olufsen audio, Audi Connect online services, back-up camera, auto-dimming rear-view and side mirrors), 19in wheels with magnetic dampers, pearlescent paint

Developed markets:us stocks thursday`s close: dow 4 down; nasdaq...DEVELOPED MARKETS:US Stocks Thursday`s close:
Dow 4 down; Nasdaq 8 up; S&P 0.01 up.
GoPro angers investors with charity gift. After a widely successful public offering GoPro CEO Nicholas Woodman become a billionaire and decided to give 5.8 million of his shares to his new charity.
Latest News
JPMorgan: 76 million customers hacked
The 20 most ticketed cars in America
GM recalls 117,000 vehicles
Facebook experiments get less creepy
Ebola medicine in short supply
GoPro angers investors with charity gift
Beware online payday loans
Warren Buffett`s latest purchase
Guns welcome at these restaurants
Verizon drops plan to throttle data hogs
Federal workers making costly move
Is Alzheimer`s like diabetes for the brain?
4.53 AM Oct 3rd  | Track

When can we expect nse stake sale news to be announced  on tuesday or...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Look whom we spotted at Haider special screeningCelebrity
'Haider' wins People’s Choice Award at the Rome Film Festival
Haider produced by UTV Motion Pictures and VB Pictures which had its Italian premiere at the prestigious Rome Film Festival on 24th October, won the ‘People’s Choice Award’ in the Mondo Genre(World Genre) announced today. Out of the 7 films that featured under this genre, Haider was the only Asian film selected across the globe. This is the first time that an Indian film wins the Audience Award in a non-specialized (non-focused on Asian Cinema) wide-ranging International festival. After winning hearts across India, the movie continues to woo audiences across the globe.
Winning the ‘People’s Choice Award’ is truly prestigious as it’s one of the most unbiased awards since its chosen by the audiences and Haider was clearly the choice of the people. This is a huge ... more 
Winning the ‘People’s Choice Award’ is truly prestigious as it’s one of the most unbiased awards since its chosen by the audiences and Haider was clearly the choice of the people. This is a huge honour for the Film as well as the country. less 
1 / 30

Banning smoking in subsidized housing could save half a billion dollars a yearBy Niraj Chokshi October 2 Follow @NirajC
(Christoph Schmidt/EPA)
Smoking isn’t just expensive for smokers: The costs associated with the habit in subsidized housing approach nearly half a billion dollars annually.
Nearly $497 million could be saved every year if smoking were universally banned in subsidized and public housing, according to a new study by a team of National Centers for Disease Control and Prevention researchers. That policy — already in effect in some subsidized housing — would yield huge annual savings to taxpayers, employers, the federal government, state governments and others.
The savings would be largest in New York, where an annual $125 million would be saved, as the interactive below shows. (The state happens to be home to about 15 percent of all subsidized housing residents.) Wyoming, with its small general population, would see the smallest amount saved: $580,000 annually.
Savings would come from multiple sources and be enjoyed by multiple groups, the CDC researchers wrote in their peer-reviewed study. To determine the overall savings, they estimated how much would be saved in each state from health care related to secondhand-smoke inhalation, renovation of smoke-damaged units and fires caused by smoking.
The groups most likely to benefit from the health care savings are primarily taxpayers, employers and state or federal governments, the authors write. Renovation and fire cost savings would generally go to property owners or housing authorities and insurance carriers. In 41 states, health care costs from secondhand smoke inhalation represented the largest costs incurred. In eight states, however, renovation costs were larger.
Such bans aren’t unprecedented: As of October 2013, more than 300 public housing authorities had banned smoking, with more and more owners and managers of multi-unit housing doing the same on their own. In Maine, a ban was in place for all 20 authorities, generating roughly $1.09 million in annual savings, according to the study.
Of course, there are potential downsides. While some multi-unit housing owners and managers worry that smoking bans would increase turnover or vacancy rates, past experience and research suggest those concerns are overblown. Others worry that low-income people who refuse to accept the smoking ban might be further marginalized by being forced to move somewhere where they can freely smoke at home. But, the report’s authors argue, the positives outweigh the negatives.
“[O]n balance, these policies actually have the potential to considerably reduce health disparities and the associated costs of secondhand smoke exposure across states, particularly considering the higher rates of secondhand smoke exposure among populations that traditionally comprise a large portion of subsidized housing, including children, racial/ethnic minorities, and residents of low socioeconomic status,” they write.
The authors conclude by listing limitations to their analysis, several of which suggest their estimate is a conservative one. They failed to consider all the costs of smoking, such as its effect on long-term health care costs, lost productivity from the sicknesses smoking can induce, or benefits to smokers who quit. Health care cost estimates were sharply focused on conditions linked to secondhand-smoke exposure in a 2006 surgeon general’s report. Newer or weaker linkages were left out. They also failed to account for individuals who live in the same building as subsidized housing residents but whose own housing is not subsidized. Finally, they write, they didn’t consider the— likely cheap — costs associated with implementing such policies, including educating residents on them.
Here’s a look at a sample calculation used to estimate cost savings associated with a smoking ban in subsidized housing in New York:
Calculations used to determine costs saved by banning smoking in subsidized housing in New York. (CDC)
Niraj Chokshi reports for GovBeat, The Post's state and local policy blog.

Invasion of Voracious Bullfrogs Spreads in MontanaAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

JPMorgan cyber attack hits 76m householdsJPMorgan cyber attack hits 76m households
By Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/961a31fa-4a7a-11e4-b8bc-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Family that hosted Ebola patient confined to homeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Stopping global Ebola spread  world s highest priority : UNThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Microsoft bets big on tablets in IndiaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Disbaled couple got assurance but no flat on ground floor yetKamlesh being carried and her husband Naresh Kumar following behind, in the rehabilitation colony in Sector 38 (West) in Chandigarh. (Source: Express archives)
Written by Gagandeep Singh Dhillon | Chandigarh | Posted: October 3, 2014 3:58 am
A disabled couple living on the top storey of an EWS rehabilitation colony in Sector 38 (West) continues to run from pillar to post to get an alternative flat on the ground floor.
Kamlesh (40), who is paraplegic with 80 per cent physical disability, lives with her husband Naresh Kumar and their son on the top floor of the colony and the family leads a troubled life, as Naresh, too, is disabled. Moreover, the family frequently witnesses medical emergencies as Kamlesh has a needle embedded in her stomach, for which she needs regular medication.
“In August, I was assured by officials of the Chandigarh Housing Board that our demand would be met. Even though I had become cynical as my repeated efforts over the last five years bore no fruit, it was the first time I was given an official assurance. However, things are back to square one now. I regularly visit the CHB office where I’m rarely able to meet any official. Once an official told me that I would be called soon. But nothing ever happened. My calls to the official are also not being answered,” said Naresh, a small-time vendor, who has to spend around Rs 150 every time he goes to the CHB office in Sector 9. This is because he cannot ride a cycle and has to hire an auto-rickshaw.
Naresh added that his wife continued to suffer due to her ongoing treatment, but getting down for her was an excruciatingly painful exercise. “We are at the mercy of the neighbours who help us, but I really wish that my wife gets down permanently so that she can see the world again. In the last five years, she has only gone downstairs to go to the hospital. She has become depressed sitting all the time in her tiny room,” he said.
Sources in the CHB said that Naresh was not the only disabled person seeking a ground-floor flat. “There are 25 to 30 other such applicants living in the Dhanas colony. However, the CEO is away for training due to which the process is stalled. As soon as he comes back, we’ll start calling the applicants before the committee to assess their applications,” said an official on the condition of anonymity.
CHB secretary Mandeep Kaur, when asked about the matter, hung up the phone. Later, when contacted again, she said that she did not remember the status of Naresh’s application.

Sitting MLA Ghosalkar has done nothing  he has taken credit for work done by othersSheetal Mhatre
Written by Dipti Singh | Mumbai | Posted: October 3, 2014 3:57 am
Dahisar assembly constituency is one of the six in Mumbai North region. Touted as one of the fastest growing suburbs, Dahisar Assembly constituency comprises of 80 percent of its voting population equally divided between Gujarati and Marathi voters.The constituency is known as a Shiv-Sena BJP pocket for a majority of Gujarati and Marathi voters. Congress Candidate from the constituency, Sheetal Mhatre, tells The Indian Express that no remarkable development in the constituency in the five-year tenure of Sena sitting MLA, would turn voters towards Congress. Excerpts:
What is the biggest issue of your constituency and what are the issues you will focus on if elected?
The biggest issue of the constituency was the sitting MLA who did nothing for the constituency in his five years tenure. Dahisar and Borivali belt is known for its greenery, which is almost on the verge of depleting. The Dahisar river is in a sad condition. I want to restore the greenery. And I want to work towards developing the constituency and get Dahisar on the global map.
Has the sitting Shiv-Sena MLA done enough for the constituency, according to you?
The sitting MLA Vinod Ghosalkar has done nothing but taken credit for work that others have done. Whatever good work that was done during his tenure was done by the corporators of the area and civic body, however Ghosalkar took all the credit. He claims due to his efforts Dahisar got a fire station, which is not true and everybody knows about it.
Do you think Congress would gain votes due to the Sena-BJP breakup?
The Congress party and specifically me as a candidate has done enough work in the constituency on our own to convince the voters. We are not dependent on the division of votes that will take place due to the Sena-BJP breakup. Yes, there is a chance that voters will think of voting for betterment but purely on the basis of merits of the candidates in the constituency.
After the Sena-BJP breakup, do you see any Marathi-Gujarati divide in the constituency?
The constituency has 1.20 lakh Marathi voters and 1.20 lakh Gujarati voters all of who don’t just vote for Sena or BJP alone. They will also consider the candidates contesting while casting their vote. The division is between Sena and BJP loyalists and not specifically between Gujarati and Marathi voters. I don’t think the Sena-BJP breakup will matter too much.
dipti.singh@expressindia.com

Future Grp brands may be sold through Amazon | Retailers e-tail mobiles for lessFuture Group brands may be sold through Amazon, logistics may be shared
Chaitali Chakravarty & Sagar Malviya, ET Bureau Oct 3, 2014, 06.37AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(This comes as the antagonism…)
MUMBAI/NEW DELHI: Jeff Bezos and Kishore Biyani, two retail pioneers, could find common ground in India if their meeting in New Delhi on Thursday leads to a partnership in which Future Group's private brands will be sold exclusively through Amazon with back-end logistics being shared.
This comes as the antagonism of some bricks-and-mortar businesses for online retail fades with the realisation that cooperation may be a better strategy than competition. While Future Group has had exploratory talks with Flipkart and Myntra as well recently, its negotiations with Amazon are said to be at a more advanced stage.
"Both companies also explored the possibility where the entire back-end and online initiatives of Future Group's nearly three dozen own brands across apparel and electronics can be managed by the US online retail giant that could generate business worth Rs 3,000 crore," said a person aware of the discussions.
"The partnership can also create exclusive products or brands for India similar to how Amazon sells e-book reader Kindle globally," added the person.Amazon and Future Group didn't respond to queries emailed to them. Bezos, one of the world's richest men with an estimated net worth of $30 billion, arrived in India on Sunday.
In July, his company announced it would invest $2 billion in the company's India operations that have exceeded gross merchandise sales of more than $1 billion within a year of the launch. Amazon's main rivals in India are Bangalore-based Flipkart and Snapdeal, the latter a Delhi-based company that counts eBay, Azim Premji and Ratan Tata as investors.
Together, they have sold goods worth more than $4 billion, with Flipkart alone estimated to have crossed $2 billion. And the battle could only intensify—according to a report by consulting firm Technopak, the $2.3 billion e-tailing market is expected to swell to $32 billion by 2020 and account for 3% of total Indian retail sector.
An alliance between Amazon and Future Group could be mutually beneficial, said Ruchi Sally, director at boutique retail consultancy Elargir Solutions. "Future Group will get to leverage Amazon's online strength especially for their own brands that aren't mostly sold outside their department stores and few standalone outlets," Sally said.
"And Amazon will get to experience one of India's biggest retailers and this learning can come handy while competing with homegrown rival Flipkart that has an advantage of knowing Indian brands more closely." The only challenge will be how to differentiate between pricing or positioning of Future Group's brands in their own stores and on Amazon's website, Sally said.
Amazon can also make use of Biyani's logistics arm, Future Supply Chain, which provides services to large corporates in the F&B, and apparel space by leveraging readily available distribution centres, warehouses and fleet management across the country. Biyani, founder of India's largest retail group, has been quite vocal on whether deep discounting strategy by online marketplace players makes business sense, suggesting that offering cheaper prices wouldn't help them in the long run.
"You must check if gross margins of such companies are positive or not. There is hope of survival for them when their gromargins are positive," Biyani had told ET last week. Future Group operates more than 16 million square feet of retail space in the country and sells about 40 own brands in the apparel and electronics segment besides nearly two dozen brands in the consumer products space through chains such as Central, Planet Sports and Big Bazaar.
Their own brands earn at least 15% higher margins on average compared with national brands sold by Future Group, a key trigger for Biyani turning bullish on private labels across categories. Its own apparel brands include John Miller, Indigo Nation, Rig and Scullers while in-house consumer brands include Tasty Treat and CareMate.
Industry insiders also said the Indian retailer's move reflects a bid to expand into new distribution channels such as e-commerce in the search for growth. Last month, Snapdeal.com agreed to create Croma's Flagship Store on its ecommerce portal to sell electronics items including mobiles, tablets and laptops.
The $3 billion Future Group, on its part, has opted for SAP's Hybris OmniCommerce solutions and plans to invest nearly Rs 100 crore to beef up its e-commerce venture. It's targeting about 20% of revenue from online sales over the next 18 months.
By 2020, the aim is even higher at 40% of its sales through e-commerce or virtual platforms.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Profit on diesel sale swells to Rs.1.90 a litreNew Delhi, October 1, 2014
Updated: October 1, 2014 23:21 IST
Profit on diesel sale swells to Rs.1.90 a litre
PTI
PTI Diesel currently costs Rs.58.97 in Delhi, Rs.67.26 in Mumbai, Rs.63.81 in Kolkata and Rs.62.92 in Chennai.
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Diesel prices are being raised monthly by 50 paise a litre in line with the government’s January 2013 decision, while September was the first month that passed without a hike.
The profit on sale of diesel swelled to Rs.1.90 a litre as the Oil Ministry awaits return of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to cut rates.
With international oil prices continuing to slide, the over-recovery or profit on diesel sales, which was 35 paise in the second-half of September, climbed to Rs.1.90 a litre, an official statement said here.
Over-recovery or profit should have in natural course translated into a price reduction to bring retail selling price on a par with cost. But the Oil Ministry decided to wait and watch last month.
Now, with the profit rising further, it wants to reduce the rates and pass on the benefit to consumers but is unsure of its mandate.
Sources said the Ministry was of the opinion that it did not have a clear mandate to reduce rates post the January, 2013, decision of the Cabinet to hike prices by 40-50 paise a litre every month.
Diesel prices have not been deregulated or freed yet and so rates cannot be reduced.
Petrol, on the other hand, had been deregulated in June, 2010, and rates have since then moved every fortnight in tandem with the cost. Petrol rates were on Tuesday cut by 54 paise in line with the international trend.
Sources said Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan had already written to Mr. Modi on the emerging scenario. Also, the Ministry had written to the Election Commission seeking their concurrence for the price decrease in view of the State assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana.
A decision would be taken after Mr. Modi’s return, they said.
Softening international oil rates have meant that diesel under-recovery or the difference between retail price and its imported cost was wiped out, and there was an over-recovery of 35 paise a litre from September 16. This over-recovery is now Rs 1.90 a litre.
But under-recoveries continue on kerosene and LPG.

Payday lender cancels over $350M in debtPayday lender cancels over $350 million in debt
By Alanna Petroff   @AlannaPetroff October 2, 2014: 10:31 AM ET
The U.K.'s payday loan industry has ballooned over the past few years.
LONDON (CNNMoney)
The biggest payday lender in the U.K., under fire from regulators, says it is changing its ways: As a first step, it has forgiven over $350 million worth of consumer debt.
Wonga will walk away from the debts and interest payments for roughly 330,000 customers who were getting behind on repaying their loans.
Another 45,000 people will have the interest wiped off their loans and given more time to repay their debts.
The move is part of an agreement with the country's financial watchdog to tighten lending standards and only give loans to those who can reasonably afford to pay them back.
The U.K.'s £2.5 billion ($4 billion) payday loan industry has ballooned over the past few years and Wonga has led the pack by promoting itself with the slogan: "straight talking money."
But data show borrowers often get into financial trouble and take out multiple loans, leading critics to publicly attack the company and its peers for irresponsible lending.
Related: How Occupy abolished $4 million in other people's student loans
The firm's new chairman, Andy Haste, acknowledged that there were problems in the way the company was operating.
"It's clear to me that the need for change at Wonga is real and urgent," he said in a statement Tuesday. "Our regulator is determined to improve standards in consumer credit, and I share that determination."
Wonga lent out £1.3 billion ($2.1 billion) to consumers in 2013, an 8% rise compared to the previous year. The average Wonga client borrows £300 ($480).
The company was recently forced to pay £2.6 million ($4.2 million) to thousands of clients after it sent them threatening fake legal letters telling them to repay their late loans. The letters were sent between late 2008 and late 2010.
First Published: October 2, 2014: 9:00 AM ET
Most Popular

Is your used iPhone a stolen deviceHow to find out if your used iPhone has been stolen
By David Goldman   @DavidGoldmanCNN October 2, 2014: 11:57 AM ET
Apple has created a tool that lets you know if your used iPhone has been stolen.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Buying a used iPhone can be a shady process.
If you're buying it from a third party on a site like Craigslist or eBay ( EBAY , Tech30 ), there's a chance your "new" used iPhone could have been stolen -- iPhones are a hot black market item.
To help customers avoid purchasing a stolen iPhone, Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) has created an online tool that lets people check whether their iPhone has been remotely wiped by its owner.
When people lose an iPhone (or have it swiped), there's a likelihood they'll try to enable "Activation Lock" in iCloud's "Find my iPhone" feature -- a kind of anti-theft tool Apple makes available to its customers. Apple's new tool lets people plug in an iPhone's unique serial number or International Mobile Equipment Identity number to determine whether Activation Lock has been enabled.
If it has, that means you won't be able to use the phone until Activation Lock has been turned off by its owner.
 
Does the iPhone 6 Plus bend? CNN tests.
It's best not to buy that iPhone. It was probably stolen.
First Published: October 2, 2014: 11:57 AM ET
Most Popular

Forex - EUR/USD gains as ECB holds off on fresh stimulus measuresOct 02, 2014, 09.20 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Forex - EUR/USD gains as ECB holds off on fresh stimulus measures
Forex - EUR/USD gains as ECB holds off on fresh stimulus measures
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Forex - EUR/USD gains as ECB holds off on fresh stimulus measures
Forex - EUR/USD gains as ECB holds off on fresh stimulus measures
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - The euro strengthened against the dollar on Thursday after the European Central Bank concluded a monetary policy meeting by holding off implementing fresh stimulus measures to ward off deflationary threats in the region.
In U.S. trading, EUR/USD was up 0.35% at 1.2663, up from a session low of 1.2614 and off a high of 1.2691.
The pair was likely to find support at 1.2570, Tuesday's low, and resistance at 1.2716, Monday's high.
Despite its recent rate cuts and announced plans to buy assets, the European Central Bank concluded on Thursday it would take a wait-and-see approach to current stimulus tools before loosening policy further should the need arise.
ECB President Mario Draghi reiterated that the bank is unanimous in its commitment to using additional unconventional measures if necessary.
He added recent data confirmed that economic growth in the currency bloc is losing momentum and said that the outlook for inflation remained subdued.
Recent data revealed that the euro area's inflation rate slumped to a five-year low of 0.3% in September.
The ECB head also outlined details of its asset-purchasing program announced last month, which will see the purchase of covered bonds beginning this month and asset-backed securities later in the fourth quarter.
The program is to run for two years and will substantially increase the ECB's balance sheet, he said, adding the program will also help get inflation back to the ECB's long term target of 2%.
The ECB held its benchmark interest rate at a record-low 0.05%, its marginal lending rate at 0.30% and left its deposit facility rate unchanged at -0.20%.
Meanwhile in the U.S., the Labor Department reported earlier that the number of individuals filing for initial jobless benefits in the week ending Sept. 27 decreased by 8,000 to 287,000 from the previous week's revised total of 295,000.
Analysts had expected jobless claims to rise by 2,000 to 297,000 last week, which gave the dollar some support.
The data came after payroll processor ADP on Wednesday said that the U.S. private sector added 213,000 jobs last month, slightly ahead of expectations for jobs growth of 210,000.
Investors were now looking ahead to Friday's U.S. nonfarm payrolls report, which was expected to show that the economy about 215,000 jobs in September.
Elsewhere, the euro was up against the pound, with EUR/GBP up 0.59% at 0.7846, and down against the yen, with EUR/JPY down 0.24% at 137.12.
On Friday, expect markets to track the U.S. jobs report.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Natural gas futures plunge 2% after bearish storage dataOct 02, 2014, 08.20 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Natural gas futures plunge 2% after bearish storage data
Natural gas futures plunge 2% after bearish storage data
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Natural gas futures plunge 2% after bearish storage data
Natural gas futures plunge 2% after bearish storage data
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Natural gas futures extended losses on Thursday, after data showed that U.S. natural gas supplies rose more than forecast last week.
On the New York Mercantile Exchange, natural gas for delivery in November shed 8.9 cents to trade at $3.934 per million British thermal units during U.S. morning hours. Prices were at $3.998 prior to the release of the supply data.
A day earlier, natural gas futures lost 9.8 cents to settle at $4.023 as investors monitored shifting weather forecasts to gauge the strength of demand for the fuel in the short-term.
Futures were likely to find support at $3.874 per million British thermal units, the low from September 25 and resistance at $4.184, the high from October 1.
The U.S. Energy Information Administration said in its weekly report that natural gas storage in the U.S. in the week ended September 26 rose by 112 billion cubic feet, above expectations for an increase of 107 billion.
Inventories rose by 99 billion cubic feet in the same week a year earlier, while the five-year average change is a build of 85 billion cubic feet.
Injections of gas into storage have surpassed the five-year average for 24 consecutive weeks, alleviating concerns over tightening supplies.
Total U.S. natural gas storage stood at 3.100 trillion cubic feet. Stocks were 373 billion cubic feet less than last year at this time and 399 billion cubic feet below the five-year average of 3.499 trillion cubic feet for this time of year.
Meanwhile, updated weather forecasting models calls for higher-than-normal temperatures in the eastern half of the U.S. over the next five days, before a shift to cooler weather in the Midwest and East over the subsequent six to 10 days.
Elsewhere on the Nymex, crude oil for delivery in November shed 21 cents to trade at $90.52 a barrel, while heating oil for November delivery dropped 0.7% to trade at $2.636 per gallon.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Facebook: We re still experimenting on users  but now it s less creepyFacebook: We're still experimenting on users, but now it's less creepy
By James O'Toole   @jtotoole October 2, 2014: 4:00 PM ET
 
Did Facebook study go too far?
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Facebook says it's making changes after an uproar over its mood manipulation experiment.
Not among those changes? Ending experiments.
The announcement marks Facebook's fullest public acknowledgment yet of problems with the study , conducted unwittingly on some 690,000 users for one week in early 2012.
Some people in this group were shown a higher number of positive posts in their News Feeds, while others were shown more negative posts, in an attempt to gauge their emotional responses. But the study generated a backlash when it was published earlier this year, with Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ) accused of manipulating its users' emotions without consent.
The experiment also drew the attention of regulators in Europe , who questioned whether it had broken data protection laws.
"Although this subject matter was important to research, we were unprepared for the reaction the paper received when it was published and have taken to heart the comments and criticism," Facebook chief technology officer Mike Schroepfer said in a blog post Thursday. "It is clear now that there are things we should have done differently."
Related: Facebook will loosen "real name" policy
But Schroepfer defended the importance of user experimentation generally, saying it "helps us build a better Facebook."
"Like most companies today, our products are built based on extensive research, experimentation and testing," he wrote. "It's important to engage with the academic community and publish in peer-reviewed journals, to share technology inventions and because online services such as Facebook can help us understand more about how the world works."
Schroepfer said Facebook is introducing a series of reforms to its research process in response to the study, though his post was short on specifics.
The reforms, he said, include expanded research training for new engineers, as well as new guidelines and an enhanced review process for potentially sensitive research.
"We want to do this research in a way that honors the trust you put in us by using Facebook every day," Schroepfer wrote.
User experiments are commonplace on the Web, where companies routinely conduct tests to improve their services.
The most common kind of user experiment is called an "A/B" test. That's when a company provides a different Web experience for a small subset of customers. If you're part of an A/B test, your screen may look different than your neighbor's even when you're both on the same website.
Related: 'Twilight' lives on as a short film series on Facebook
By their very nature, A/B tests are manipulative. If you're part of a test, you might click on something you otherwise would have ignored, buy something you wouldn't otherwise have purchased or feel something you wouldn't otherwise have felt.
But the fact that some users in the Facebook experiment were deliberately made to feel less happy, without their explicit consent, raises ethical questions for many observers.
Schroepfer said Facebook wanted to conduct the experiment in response to studies published the previous year suggesting that people felt worse after seeing positive posts from their friends.
Facebook's own research concluded that users who saw positive posts were likely to respond positively themselves.
"We thought it was important to look into this, to see if this assertion was valid and to see if there was anything we should change about Facebook," Schroepfer said.
First Published: October 2, 2014: 4:00 PM ET
Most Popular

Don t wait until retirement to calculate your food costsDon't wait until retirement to calculate your food costs
By Janet Kidd Stewart
Nutrition Research Medical Research Iowa State University Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program
Don't wait until retirement to calculate your food costs. Read more in the Journey column.
After 39 years of delivering meals to the homebound, a hospital stay prompted Amy Shimberg to try a taste for herself.
She said her Meals on Wheels volunteers in the Tampa, Fla., area treated her well and the food was excellent, but being on the other side of the plate after her return home from the hospital also made her think more deeply about hunger among seniors.
"Over the years I (occasionally) took my children and then my grandchildren along on my routes, and it impacted all our lives because, of course, we gained much more than we gave," said Shimberg, who, as a recipient, paid the full $4.75 per meal for about two weeks of her recovery period.
When she first started delivering meals, she said about 80 percent of users could afford to pay the full-price rate for food. Today, she said, it's less than 40 percent. The progression has been painful to watch.
"Some of our clients are now getting quite old and fragile," she said. "They're desperately thin."
0
Food insecurity — defined by the Agriculture Department as ranging from having reduced variety and quality to actual disruptions in eating patterns and reduced overall intake — is on the rise among seniors, despite an improved labor market.
"Even though the recession ended, food insecurity rates remained high," said Craig Gundersen, author of a report on the topic issued in May by the National Foundation to End Senior Hunger.
Hunger rates for people in their 60s rose even more from 2005 to 2012 than for the very elderly, the study found.
"One possible explanation is, at least part of the fall in the jobless rate is not due to employment growth but to people leaving the labor force altogether or being underemployed," Gundersen said.
Slicing a retirement food budget may seem easier or better than forgoing other fixed costs, such as housing or health care, but experts say poor nutrition leads to costlier medical problems down the road.
Here are a few ways to economize without giving up your health:
Get over yourself: Ask for help. Seniors living on the edge of hunger should be aware that as of 2008, money held in retirement accounts generally doesn't count in the income test for receiving benefits through the Agriculture Department's Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, notes James Weill, president of the Food Research and Action Center, an advocacy group. Certain medical costs can also be deducted from income to qualify for assistance, he said.
"The reason seniors are so squeezed is because housing and out-of-pocket medical are taking a larger share of income, so they have less to spend on food," he said. Some seniors are still reluctant to apply for benefits, he said, so his agency tries to spread the word about the availability of the benefits.
Shop smart. The coupon craze is one way to save on food costs, but for small households it can be counterproductive to buy in bulk, and the coupons often lead to poor nutrition decisions. Check out Iowa State University's "SpendSmart EatSmart" website (extension.iastate.edu/foodsavings) for an online budgeting calculator, recipes for low-budget healthy meals and shopping tips.
Plan ahead. If you'll be retiring in a couple of years, challenge yourself to keep better track of your current food costs — it can be eye opening. For comparison, note that households led by people age 65 and up spend an average of $5,191 a year on all food eaten at home and away from home, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics' 2013 Consumer Expenditure Survey.
Share your journey to or through retirement or pose a question at journey@janetkiddstewart.com .

Pharma cos turning to rural mkts as drug pri...(The companies are now focusing…)
HYDERABAD: India's drug majors are trying to turn their adversity from price controls into advantage.
Having suffered setbacks with price regulations over the past couple of years, the companies are now focusing on rural markets, as recent price cuts on drugs for lifestyle diseases have made them more affordable to cost-conscious buyers there.
"We are viewing the drug price control order's stipulation on bringing down the prices as a business opportunity in the rural markets and we are pushing our brands aggressively in these markets, where consumption of medicines has grown of late due to lifestyle diseases," said atop executive with a large pharma company . "We are hiring more marketing personnel for rural markets than urban areas these days," said this executive, who didn't want to be named as the company has entered the silent period before it announces quarterly results.
A new drug pricing policy introduced by the then Congress-led government last year had led to price cuts on 348 drugs. Again in July this year, the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority included 108 cardiovascular and diabetes drugs under a guideline that allows the drug regulator to cut drug prices in emergency situation, a decision that it has now decided to revoke.
According to industry sources, drug sales in rural and semi-urban areas have been growing at more than 17%, compared with 11-12% in the urban markets. For the industry, more than a third of the nearly Rs 80,000 crore domestic annual sales now come from these rural and semi-urban markets.
R Viswanathan, president of the Federation of Medical Representatives Association of India, confirmed increasing recruitment of medical representatives in the rural and semi-urban markets. "The growing hiring is mostly by medium to large pharma companies which focus on medicines for lifestyle diseases in the therapeutic areas such as neurology, cardiac and diabetes."
Of around two lakh medical representatives in the country, more than a fourth now works in these markets.
"The number of rural representatives may even reach a third of the total field force in a few years going by the current hiring spree," said a senior executive at a Hyderabad-based midsized pharma company.
Drug makers that have stepped up hiring of marketing personnel for rural markets include Ranbaxy Laboratories, Sun Pharmaceutical, Pfizer, GlaxoSmith-Kline Pharmaceuticals, Dr Reddy's Laboratories, Lupin, Cipla, Glenmark Pharmaceuticals and Mankind.
Lupin spokesman Shamsher Gorawara acknowledged the increasing marketing focus on promising rural and semi-urban markets and said there had been a 10-12% rise in its total marketing force over the last two years. However, he refused to give a breakup of numbers for urban and rural markets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Telcos may create 40 lakh jobs in 5 yearsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Cinram Signs Long-Term Distribution Deal With The Neat CompanyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

I personally feel quite unconfortable with stocks like madhucon that h...Gold Member
5 Followers
You admit you  feel uncomfortable  with MPL.In fact,you should feel happy as you have sold  your total holding at 52 week high price. Then why are you stuck on this board like FEVICOL and giving unsolicited advise ?
6.57 PM Oct 4th

5.29 cr. Jan Dhan accounts openedThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Shivraj Singh ChouhanHas PM Modi done enough to keep his faithful's faith?
Nov 08, 2014 at 13:32 | Source: Firstpost.com
Narendra Modi's critics have found little to criticise him for because he has been talking more of his social agenda than the full-blown right-wing stuff they had expected from him.
Biggest aim is to provide employment to everyone in MP: CM
Oct 09, 2014 at 18:56 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Shivraj Singh Chouhan also said that government has allowed 49 percent foreign direct investment in defence and the government must now make a sincere effort to bring more and more employment into the sector.
Adani Group promises Rs 20,000 cr investments in MP
Oct 09, 2014 at 17:52 | Source: PTI
Speaking at the Global Investors' Summit, he said Adani group's association with Madhya Pradesh dates backs to early 1990s. The Group is also partnering the state government in creating agri infrastructure facility for storage of 3.5 lakh tonnes grains.
MP expects atleast Rs 2 lakh cr investments from Summit
Oct 09, 2014 at 16:57 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The total investments committed are being compiled and will be out by tomorrow. Officials expect atleast Rs 2 lakh crore from this summit. In addition, as of now Rs 1,80,000 crore worth projects is being built across MP.
Reliance Group to invest Rs 60,000 crore in MP: Anil Ambani
Oct 09, 2014 at 16:09 | Source: PTI
Over the past 10 years, the state of Madhya Pradesh has transformed and progressed to new heights under the dynamic leadership of Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Ambani said.
MP Investors Summit eyes Rs 2.25 lakh crore investments
Oct 09, 2014 at 09:28 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Madhya Pradesh has emerged as the fastest growing Indian state and this fact is being leverage by its chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan to attract investors.
RPG Life Sciences: Resignation of Managing Director
Sep 22, 2014 at 17:50 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
RPG Life Sciences has informed that Mr. Ajit Singh Chouhan has tendered his resignation as the Managing Director of the Company. The Board of Directors by way of circular resolution passed on September 22, 2014, have accepted his resignation and consented to relieve Mr. Chouhan on close of working hours on September 30, 2014.
Sep 21, 2014 at 17:09 | Source: PTI
Madhya Pradesh has been demanding a mechanism for full CST (Central Sales Tax) compensation.
Learnings from Bihar by-polls: No easy walk for Amit Shah
Sep 02, 2014 at 12:19 | Source: Firstpost.com
The BJPs losses  in Bihar, Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh  can thus be read as the end of wave-like conditions that prevailed in May 2014. It is also about people wanting to ensure that there is a strong opposition to the BJP in states.
Vajpayee, Advani, Joshi out of BJP's top body
Aug 26, 2014 at 17:00 | Source: PTI
In a token gesture, ailing Vajpayee and Advani and Joshi, for long the BJP's 'Trimurti', now figure in the new five-member 'Margdarshak Mandal' (guiding group) after being associated with the party for nearly four decades.
Has PM Modi done enough to keep his faithful's faith?
Nov 08, 2014 at 13:32 | Source: Firstpost.com
Narendra Modi's critics have found little to criticise him for because he has been talking more of his social agenda than the full-blown right-wing stuff they had expected from him.
Biggest aim is to provide employment to everyone in MP: CM
Oct 09, 2014 at 18:56 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Shivraj Singh Chouhan also said that government has allowed 49 percent foreign direct investment in defence and the government must now make a sincere effort to bring more and more employment into the sector.
Reliance Group to invest Rs 60,000 crore in MP: Anil Ambani
Oct 09, 2014 at 16:09 | Source: PTI
Over the past 10 years, the state of Madhya Pradesh has transformed and progressed to new heights under the dynamic leadership of Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Ambani said.
Adani Group promises Rs 20,000 cr investments in MP
Oct 09, 2014 at 17:52 | Source: PTI
Speaking at the Global Investors' Summit, he said Adani group's association with Madhya Pradesh dates backs to early 1990s. The Group is also partnering the state government in creating agri infrastructure facility for storage of 3.5 lakh tonnes grains.
MP expects atleast Rs 2 lakh cr investments from Summit
Oct 09, 2014 at 16:57 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The total investments committed are being compiled and will be out by tomorrow. Officials expect atleast Rs 2 lakh crore from this summit. In addition, as of now Rs 1,80,000 crore worth projects is being built across MP.
MP Investors Summit eyes Rs 2.25 lakh crore investments
Oct 09, 2014 at 09:28 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Madhya Pradesh has emerged as the fastest growing Indian state and this fact is being leverage by its chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan to attract investors.
Sep 21, 2014 at 17:09 | Source: PTI
Madhya Pradesh has been demanding a mechanism for full CST (Central Sales Tax) compensation.
RPG Life Sciences: Resignation of Managing Director
Sep 22, 2014 at 17:50 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
RPG Life Sciences has informed that Mr. Ajit Singh Chouhan has tendered his resignation as the Managing Director of the Company. The Board of Directors by way of circular resolution passed on September 22, 2014, have accepted his resignation and consented to relieve Mr. Chouhan on close of working hours on September 30, 2014.
Learnings from Bihar by-polls: No easy walk for Amit Shah
Sep 02, 2014 at 12:19 | Source: Firstpost.com
The BJPs losses  in Bihar, Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh  can thus be read as the end of wave-like conditions that prevailed in May 2014. It is also about people wanting to ensure that there is a strong opposition to the BJP in states.
Vajpayee, Advani, Joshi out of BJP's top body
Aug 26, 2014 at 17:00 | Source: PTI
In a token gesture, ailing Vajpayee and Advani and Joshi, for long the BJP's 'Trimurti', now figure in the new five-member 'Margdarshak Mandal' (guiding group) after being associated with the party for nearly four decades.
Videos »

Insolvency  Managing DirectorHighly Competitive
Further information
KRyS Global is a boutique fraud investigation and dispute resolution firm, the largest in the Caribbean with a number of high profile and complex engagements. We have over 65 professionals in six jurisdictions and our engagements are often cross border involving multiple jurisdictions.
 
We are currently seeking applications for the role of Managing Director in the Cayman Islands, our largest office. The Managing Director will be responsible for the direction and management of business development and client engagements in Cayman, as well as the day to day oversight and leadership of the staff. This role will work closely with the Executive Chairman, CEO and Executive Management team to implement the firm’s strategic plan and to lead the firm as it grows and evolves as a market leader in this niche.
The ideal candidate will have an Insolvency Practitioners license and at least 10 years’ experience directing and managing business development and client engagements. Given the nature of work in the jurisdiction, past experience in cross border fraud investigations, technology solutions, forensic accounting and damage quantification is an asset. The candidate is able to demonstrate an entrepreneurship attitude and proven success in developing and growing a business.
This is a demanding and challenging role which requires good professional judgment and a strategic approach as well as someone with excellent leadership, interpersonal and communication skills. As a leader in the firm, the candidate will be passionate and enthusiastic about the firm, our clients and the work we do. 
The successful candidate will receive an attractive compensation and benefits package commensurate with experience.
 

15 Times The World s iPhone Obsession Went Entirely Too Farreddit
Each time Apple launches a lustrous new iPhone, it's a spectacle. Crowds cheer as they rush to stores in the eternal quest to obtain the latest and greatest gadget.
But the blind fervor over Apple devices masks a darker aspect of iPhone mania: People go to truly desperate lengths to get their hands on one.
Since the first iPhone shipped out in 2007, fans have gotten in fist fights, sold organs and even trafficked children in exchange for the devices. Others risked their own safety to recover lost phones. Robbers have killed just to make a buck feeding the iPhone black market.
Here are some of the most extreme things people have done in the name of an iPhone.
1. One couple sold three newborn babies.
A couple in China was charged with child trafficking after they sold three of their children over several years to pay for iPhones and high-end shoes.
2. A teenager sold his kidney.
A Chinese teenager sold a kidney in 2011 and used the money to buy an iPhone and an iPad. Five people were later charged with intentional injury, including the surgeon who removed the kidney.
3. Another teenager got stuck in a storm drain.
In April, a teenager in England got herself stuck in a storm drain trying to retrieve her phone. Firefighters were called to help her out.
4. One guy tried to "rent" his girlfriend.
A Chinese man was photographed holding up a sign at Songjiang University in Shanghai advertising platonic dates ("no funny business" allowed) with his girlfriend to finance a new phone. The woman in question  appeared to be a willing participant.
5. Another guy demanded a dowry from his future brother-in-law.
A Saudi man took advantage of marriage customs by requesting a new iPhone 6 in exchange for a woman's hand in marriage.
6. A supposed "businessman" hired homeless people to wait in line at an Apple store, and didn't pay them as promised.
An unidentified businessman transported vans full of homeless people to a Pasadena, California, Apple store last fall to wait in line for the iPhone 5S and 5C. Each one received two vouchers to purchase phones, but when some of the vouchers didn't work, chaos ensued. The businessman was escorted out by police, leaving scores of homeless people without pay or transportation back to skid row.
7. Several people have tried to buy sex.
People have posted ads on Craigslist attempting to trade sexual favors for the iPhone 6.
8. A 15-year-old girl fell off a car and died.
A girl in Santa Ana, California, ran after a thief who stole her iPhone in July, jumping onto the back of his car as he sped away. Witnesses told police that the driver "swerved back and forth in what appeared to be an intentional manner to get her off the car." She fell off and died from her injuries. A number of other people have been killed by thieves looking to cash in on high demand for the phones.
9. One lady traded a $2,000 bag for a better place in line at the Apple store.
A woman who was already fifth in line for the iPhone 5S traded her Louis Vuitton bag in order to move up to third place last fall after an Apple store employee hinted at a limited supply of phones.
10. Thieves formed a gang with the singular goal of stealing iPhones.
New York City police dubbed the gang, which they believe to be responsible for around 40 iPhone robberies , "Apple Pickers." More than 3 million Americans were victims of smartphone theft in 2013.
11. A teenager allegedly offered to sell her virginity.
In 2011, a teenager in China allegedly wrote on social media that she'd sell her virginity to anyone who'd buy her an iPhone 4. We're hoping it was just a bad joke.
12. Many people have been in physical fights outside an Apple store.
There were numerous reports of fights after the iPhone 6 release. It's not a new phenomenon .
13. A police chief sent 10 officers to find his son's phone.
Berkeley, California, police chief Michael Meehan was criticized in 2012 for having 10 investigators work overtime to search for his son's missing iPhone. They didn't find it.
14. One man stole from a baby.
In 2012, a surveillance camera picked up a man stealing an iPhone from a 20-month-old baby whose mother had been letting her use it to watch "Barney the Dinosaur."
15. People stood in line for 22 days.
A bunch of people camped outside the Apple store on Fifth Avenue in New York City weeks before the iPhone 6 became available. One Japanese man attempted to line up seven months before the release date, but was told to leave.
Earlier on HuffPost:

When Americans tried Bengali food for the first timeAmericans Try Bangladeshi Food With Their Cabbie
by BuzzFeed 5:33 mins
66,800 views
Can we find someone who isn’t native to the US to take us out to lunch?
Link

Nobel summit cancelled as South Africa denies visa to Dalai LamaPrint
The venue of the 14th World Summit of Nobel Peace laureates has been shifted out of South Africa and the new venue for the summit would be announced later,” Nobel Peace laureate Jody Williams said in Dharamsala (Source: Express Photo by Swati Chandra
PTI | Dharamsala | Posted: October 2, 2014 12:23 am
The World Summit of Nobel Peace laureates, scheduled for this month in South Africa, has been cancelled and shifted out of the country due to the denial of a travel visa to Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama.
“The venue of the 14th World Summit of Nobel Peace laureates has been shifted out of South Africa and the new venue for the summit would be announced later,” Nobel Peace laureate Jody Williams of the US told reporters in Dharamsala.
“The summit has been cancelled after the woman Nobel laureates boycotted the event protesting South Africa’s denial to grant the Dalai Lama a travel visa. It is now being shifted out of South Africa because enough of NPLs refused to go,” Williams, the 1997 Nobel Peace Prize winner, said.
Another Nobel laureate Shirin Ebadi — Iran’s first female judge — who was awarded coveted prize in 2003, said, “There is a history of fight against racial discrimination in South Africa, and we never expected this country will deny visa to the Dalai Lama.”
Ebadi also questioned Archbishop of Cape Town Desmond Tutu’s silence on the issue. “I am surprised over the stoic silence of Desmond Tutu. I know he is not a part of the government, but he’s not making his views public,” Ebadi said.
Meanwhile, Lobsang Sangay, Tibetan Prime Minister-in-exile, said that people will come to know about the new venue by Thursday.

It s Been One Year Since Banksy Took Over NYC  Let s Reviewreddit
As we hear of the sudden appearance of a new Banksy in southeast England we recall that it was exactly a year ago today that the international street art man of mystery grabbed New York by the mobiles and invited everyone to a month-long exhibition of painting, sculpture, installation, performance and real life detective games on our own streets.
To commemorate Banksy's very successful offering to the city and the excitement that ensued with its inhabitants we decided to put together a series of messages left out for him on walls, doors, trucks and fences. Not all the messages are demonstrations of love (indeed some are hostile) but all them are an indication of his clever ability to move people with wit and indicate a certain feeling of familiarity that people have with the anonymous street artist.
COST played on his own famous wheatpastes from an earlier era ("Cost Fucked Madonna") and updated it for a new time and gender. (photo © Jaime Rojo)
We've all recovered quite well of course from the month-long treasure hunt, and for many it was enough of a jarring public works project/anthropological experiment/hype campaign to merit a year of examination and reflection. And now, the commemorations: This fall we know of at least one book ( Banksy in New York ) and one documentary (" Banksy Does New York ") that will mark the anniversary of the "Better Out Than In" residency, and many New Yorkers will remember their own keen behaviors on social media and crowded sidewalks chasing after the near-daily revelations -- and a few may possibly experience joy or a twinge of awkward discomfort in retrospect.
We think the biggest takeaway for us was that whether it was man or marketing team, Banksy helped New Yorkers to re-examine nearly everything in the man-made environment and to consider that it may actually be a piece of art.
COST. Redacted (photo © Jaime Rojo)
For the guys and gals who make up the graffiti/street art scene in New York of course, not everyone was gob-smacked by this peer, this charming and wisecracking Brit who monopolized the mindshare of fans of art in the streets. Almost from Day One the buffs, the side busting, the cross-outs, and the free-flowing entreaties addressing our visiting jester were alternately ringing of respect, bemusement, longing after, semi-passive xenophobia, or full-on red-faced insults.  And of course there were those just along for the coat-tail ride.
It's all really just part of the ongoing conversation that always exists on the street, and while you may not have caught all the action last October a look at these images will inform you that Banksy's impact was felt by many.
Artist Unknown (photo © Jaime Rojo)
Alex Gardega (detail) (photo © Jaime Rojo)
Hot Tea (photo © Jaime Rojo)
Artist Unknown (photo © Jaime Rojo)
Artist Unknown. This piece predates his "Residency" but we decided to include it as a tribute to him. (photo © Jaime Rojo)
Artist Unknown. This piece is predates his "Residency" but we decided to include it for the same reasons expressed above. (photo © Jaime Rojo)
Artist Unknown (photo © Jaime Rojo)
Artist Unknown (photo © Jaime Rojo)
Artist Unknown (photo © Jaime Rojo)
Artist Unknown (photo © Jaime Rojo)
Artist Unknown (photo © Jaime Rojo)
#Anonymous (photo © Jaime Rojo)

Face to Face with SHE -- Insights from WPP Stream Health and TEDMED 2014reddit
Two weeks ago I attended WPP Stream Health in Orlando, the "unconference" hosted by Grey Healthcare and ended in San Francisco at TEDMED 2014.  The theme of both gatherings was unleashing imagination and collaboration to redesign our approach to building a healthier world.
I had a particular mission.  As the Executive-in-Residence at the Center for Talent Innovation, I am leading a research project sponsored by leading bio-pharma, health solutions and managed care companies on "The Power of the Purse: The Implications of the SHEconomy on the Business and Talent Models in Healthcare." Although it has been known for a while that women are estimated to make 85 percent of the health care decisions for their families and are the majority of patients, pharmacists, regulators, nurses and HC workers in the largest and fastest growing segment of most economies, these facts have not yet translated into broad ranging innovation in HC discoveries or delivery -- much to the detriment of health outcomes for individuals, families, and society.  Not to mention the health of the bottom line of companies.
In an industry that is still predominately product and disease-centric, I was on a search to meet and understand SHE -- the women behind the stats.  I wanted to put a face to and a voice on the women who are under-served, under-treated, under-heard and under-supported to better understand the pathways to a healthier future. This includes the patients, their caregivers, and the healthcare professionals who serve them.
Let me introduce a fraction of the SHEs that I met:
The Chief Medical Officer -- At WPP Stream Health, a multidisciplinary group of physicians, marketers, digital technologists, regulators, consumer advocacy groups and bio-pharma scientists, redefined Mom as the CMO of the family and reimagined the power of elevating her to a position of respect and responsibility as a key member of the medical team.  After all, the CMO is the chief nutritionist, lead diagnostician, statistician, caregiver and enforcer of adherence for her family, identifying early symptoms, creating guidelines of healthy eating, monitoring compliance and encouraging adherence.  Think about the opportunity to support her with respect, blockbuster tools and transparent, trusted information so that she could do her job.
The Surgeon General - -At TEDMED, on Sept 11, we heard from the U.S. Army Surgeon General, Lieutenant General Patricia Horoho.  While acknowledging the approximately 3000 people who lost their lives when we were attacked at Pearl Harbor and, again, on September 11th, she spoke of the 400,000 patients that die every year in US hospitals due to "preventable harm".  She called for doctors and hospital systems to become more courageous, honest and transparent about medical errors so that they can be understood, examined, measured and remediated.
The Nurses -- In the Hive at TEDMED, a buzzing arena filled with innovative entrepreneurs experimenting with technology that will revolutionize health, I played a Virtual Reality game of Snowmen, presented by Howard Rose, the CEO of DeepstreamVR. This game is played by burn victims coming back from Iraq and Afghanistan as a pain management intervention during the treatment of their wounds in the burn unit.  Howard explained that the Doctor-centered model that exists today underutilizes our ability to heal ourselves.  DeepstreamVR's targets are the nurses, who burn out in part due to the pain they impart during the treatment.  Virtual reality as a pain management device allows the nurses to experience healing as opposed to hurting.
The Researchers -- In the Hive at TEDMED, I met women researchers, like Rupal Patel, who were motivated to commercialize their research to answer the emotional suffering that comes from disease.  Through her company, VOCALiD, Rupal is creating customized synthetic voices, not the standard issue voice that we associate with Stephen Hawking. Rupal's technology combines sounds from "unheard" patients who are unable to speak clearly with "sound DNA" contributions from volunteers who contribute their voices to be digitally combined with the patients'.  As a result, patients are able to type messages that are expressed with a unique vocal persona that engages and builds emotional connections.  For all her ingenuity as an inventor and a woman entrepreneur, she is challenged in the male world of venture capital.
The Doctor - We heard from Dr. Leana Wen, an emergency physician who has received death threats for her decision to launch and the Total Transparency Manifesto imploring doctors to reveal who they really are -- their values, their views on end of life, sexual orientation and reproductive rights, their conflicts of interest, and other humanizing facts that could help increase the trust and confidence of their patients.
The Patient -- Through the inventor of an expert-system online protocol, I glimpsed into the world of women with headaches who go from doctor to doctor looking for relief and proper diagnosis without understanding that women are 3 times more likely to experience headaches due to their hormonal, kinetic and neurological makeup.  And the women with heart disease who goes undiagnosed because her symptoms don't include numbness and chest pain - making heart disease the largest killer of women in the US.
Face to face with SHE. And SHE has so many faces.
This is great news because by better relating and connecting to SHE, we can be on the road to recovery.
Follow Carolyn Buck Luce on Twitter: www.twitter.com/carolynbuckluce
More:

http://usat.ly/1r2OKfS5 reasons why a 10% correction could be bullish
By: Adam Shell October 2, 2014 3:00 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Oct. 1, 2014. (Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
If the S&P 500 stock index keeps tumbling and goes on to post its first 10% price correction in three years, many Wall Street pros say it might actually be a good thing for the stock market.
“You never want to hope for a correction, but we are overdue,” says Bill Hornbarger, chief investment strategist at Moneta Group.
The last time the benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500 suffered an “official” correction, or a drop of 10% or more from a prior closing high, was nearly three years, or 36 months, ago — when a 19.4% decline ended on Oct. 3, 2011. Corrections typically occur every 18 to 20 months.
And one of the big reasons Wall Street bears cite when calling for a significant stock market selloff is the fact that we haven’t had a correction in such a long, long time. The other reasons are now greatly publicized: the pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong and other geopolitical risks, the coming interest rate hikes from the Federal Reserve  and the emerging Ebola crisis.
Before we outline the reasons why a double-digit percentage downdraft might be bullish in the long run, let’s first put the current decline into perspective. The S&P 500 headed into Thursday’s trading session just 3.2% from its Sept. 18 record closing high of 2011.36. And today its trading 0.25 higher at 1950.
Here’s five reasons why a 10% price correction might be a good thing:
1. Flushes out the froth. “I think (it) would wash out some of the excess speculation and be healthy long-term,” says Hornbarger.
2. Gives investors on sidelines an entry point. “A ‘breather’ would help reset expectations and affords an opportunity for those who have been waiting to enter the market,” says Brian Belski, chief investment strategist at BMO Capital Markets.
There are countless investors that have missed a bulk of the rally that began more than five years ago and are waiting for stock prices to fall far enough before jumping back in.
3. Reset P-E multiples. One risk worrying investors is that the stock market is now trading at a higher price-to-earnings ratio than its long-term average. The S&P 500 kicked the week off selling at 15.6 times its forward four-quarter earnings, which is nearly a full point higher than its long-term average of 14.8, according to Thomson Reuters data.
“P-E multiples have expanded in a meaningful way over the last few years, so seeing some multiple compression could actually be a positive,” says Ann Miletti, managing director and lead portfolio manager for Wells Fargo Core Equity Team. “That type of correction would present more buying opportunities for us and other investors.”
4. Refresh, reenergize the bull. “Corrections are the pause that refreshes,” says Alan Skrainka, chief investment officer at Cornerstone Wealth Management. “This is the fifth-longest rally in the S&P 500 since 1928 without a 10% correction. Corrections wash out speculators and set the stage for the next advance.”
5. Correction fears dissipate. If the big fear is a market correction then it follows that that fear will fade once the correction occurs — and the market starts to bounce back after the 10% decline.
Bur there’s always a risk that a correction leads to a bigger drop, perhaps even a bear market, or plunge of 20% or more.
“A correction will trigger the debate of ‘bear or not a bear,’” says David Kotok, chairman & chief investment officer at Cumberland Advisors.
“I’m still holding a cash reserve,” he says.
For investors wondering how close the market is to a pullback (or drop of 5% to 9.99%),  a correction (drop of 10% to 19.99%) or a bear market (a plunge of 20% or more) — see the chart below showing what price level each of the major U.S. stock indexes would need to sink to. (Note: the Russell 200 small-cap stock index hit correction territory on Wednesday.)
High

Oil falls under $92 to 27-mth low on global supply glutThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Huge hike in telecom FDIThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Software cos being built without help from VCsThe Lone Rangers: Software companies being built without help from venture capitalists
Peerzada Abrar, Krithika Krishnamurthy & Malavika Murali, ET Bureau Oct 3, 2014, 04.42AM IST
(A majority of software product…)
RateGain
FOUNDER : Bhanu Chopra
Bhanu Chopra drives a white Porsche Panamera to his office in Noida. That is, when he is not jetting around the world meeting customers and drumming up support for the proposed public issue of shares at his enterprise software firm RateGain.
Although Chopra can seem like the archetypal technology entrepreneur riding high on risk capital funding, the 38-year-old entrepreneur has not raised a single rupee in venture capital. The decade-old company, which sells software for the hospitality and travel industries in 120 countries, is aiming for a share sale on Nasdaq that could value it at around Rs 6,000 crore. Chopra, who is the largest stakeholder, has also given stock options to several of his 350 employees.
"I can't pretend to be frugal. I drive a nice car, travel business class and am still bootstrapped," said Chopra, who pays senior executives at his firm an average salary of about Rs 1 crore per annum. When starting up has become synonymous with raising copious amounts of capital, contrarians like Chopra and ZohoCorporation's founder Sridhar Vembu are emerging as torchbearers of the bootstrapped approach. Vembu's Zoho, with over $100 million (Rs 600 crore) in revenue, competes against the likes of Microsoft in the enterprise software market. "Bootstrapping embraces the notion that to the extent that the future is shaped by human action, it is not much use trying to predict it," said Saras D Sarasvathy, professor of entrepreneurship at University of Virginia Darden School of Business. Around 73% of software product companies in India are bootstrapped, according to software product think tank iSpirt.
The grouping has launched an initiative 'BootUpIndia' to recognise India's best bootstrapped startups that will subsequently be mentored by industry peers. ET profiles eight bootstrapped startups which have the potential to be the next big winners.
EmployWise
FOUNDER : Sumeet Kapur
Sumeet Kapur's first startup, a venture capital-backed customer relationship management solutions firm, went through a tough time during the dot com bubble burst in 2000. "The burn rate was high, even if you applied brakes, you were burning," said Kapur, 50, who had to start again from scratch and started to work on the human resources software product in 2006. With funding being scarce, bootstrapping became a necessity for him. But it enabled the product to evolve based on the feedback from the customers.
"It would have been a waterfall if I had raised the capital and built the product in one shot," says Kapur. "I didn't want to experiment with investor money. "Unlike his first venture, EmployWise was also able to whether the economic meltdown of 2008 as it was not dependent on venture capital. The EmployWise product is now being used by 50,000 employees across various sectors including technology, retail and manufacturing. But Kapur had to apply extra effort to build the firm due to which he was not able to spend more time with his family. "But I have an extremely supportive family," said Kapur who likes taking his dog for a long walk every morning.
WHAT THEY DO: Hire-to-Retire human resources software delivered off the cloud in the software as a service model
FOUNDED IN : Product launched in November 2011
SEED CAPITAL: Rs 1 crore
REVENUE FOR FISCAL 2014: Not disclosed
TARGET REVENUE FOR FISCAL 2015: Rs 6 crore
USP: Innovation to keep costs low. Focus on generating customer revenues
Exclusife
FOUNDER : Anand Krushnan
Customer engagement was a new term for a large number of mom and pop shops - until Anand Krushnan jumped in to sell software to small shops and bring back those customers that crossed their threshold. Since early 2013, the team of 150 employees has covered 1,500 shops across India and has been frugal in doing so. By working out of his exemployers office, called Tangence, Krushnan has eliminated all costs related to infrastructure. Bootstrapped entrepreneurs have it worse than funded ones is a notion that Krushnan disagrees with. "Whatever you do, you can't be stressed. I play badminton every day, and work for 12 hours a day. That's how it has always been," said Krushnan, 39 a graduate of at GM Institute of Technology, Chitradurga.
WHAT THEY DO: Helps small retail outlets acquire and retain customers
FOUNDED IN : 2013
REVENUE FOR FISCAL 2014: Rs 3 crore
TARGET REVENUE FOR FISCAL 2015: Undisclosed
USP: Shifts the focus back on offline advertising
  Inquirly Technologies
FOUNDER : Anjan Choudhary
Bangalore-based Inquirly Technologies, started up by Anjan Choudhary and his wife, bootstrapped with Rs 92 lakh and follows a business to business model. The 2013 startup sells software to restaurants, educational institutions and other small and medium enterprises.

Mehraboon irani  principal & head-private client group business  nirma...Gold Member
17 Followers
Mehraboon Irani, Principal & Head-Private Client Group Business, Nirmal Bang Securities, shares his views on the infra stocks : I personally feel quite unconfortable with stocks like Madhucon that have run up without any rhyme or reason where there could be trouble ahead; trade cautiously: Mehraboon Irani
5.19 AM Oct 3rd

Money mint series since this is a long weekend i thought of sharing f...Silver Member
32 Followers
Money Mint Series  Since this is a long weekend I thought of sharing few of my experiences with friends. The year was 2007 and stock market was booming. Anything U touched turned gold. Some where in Apr May it should be, I had my maximum investment in stocks. Greed made me borrow and invest and I should say I would have multiplied my money 10 times that year. And I had an assignment. I had to be away. I told my wife please look after my portfolio and she said  she cant because she feared she will lose all that I made  and it truly happened. By the time I was back with her I was where I was. Portfolio reduced to shamble as nothing could  stand the carnage. Lessons learnt is that dont be greedy. Never borrow and invest. In case you are not in touch with your portfolio just sell it and save the money. Anyway I learnt a lot and pondered over it. All that was left of was barely 10 lacks and I wanted to cry. One had to take a decision. I looked around the house. My TV was on a V Guard stabiliser, fridhe too, ac too. I invested all my money in V Guard which was listed at about that time it was vailable at under 50. and I went of to sleep. I stopped investing for a while.In amatter of five years I made all my losses. Booked profits and enjoying my spare time trading and investing. Lessons learnt. Never lose hope. Identify a safe winner. Look for a reliable and trustworthy management. Invest in theme base leaders. You have an oppoertunity here. V guard brand has brought out Wonderls. I am invested and you too can. Now at about 286. Safe 1000 by 2017. That is the way to go Cheers and happy investing
6.18 AM Oct 3rd

Apple moves to reassure users on privacyApple moves to reassure users on privacy
By Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/85ab32a0-3ecd-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

WPP takes 15% stake in AppNexusWPP takes stake in technology group AppNexus
By Robert Cookson, Digital Media Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c2213c4e-423c-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How to Build Your Brand Through Storytellingreddit
Garnering increased sales, adding new clients and achieving a higher level of success is what brand building is all about, and building a brand is done a bit differently today that it was in yesteryear. For example, brand building used to be primarily about telling a customers facts about your product or service.
However, today, more and more individuals are finding story telling to be an effective tool in brand building. Casey Hart of Informer Messages on Hold, a company that works with companies to create short recorded stories instead of on-hold music for their answering services, claims that "Facts tell. Stories sell." That mantra is a great way to understand the impact a good story has on a brand.
Why Storytelling?
Some assume this trend towards storytelling has to do with the increased popularity of social media, which in and of itself is a great way to get your story heard. Others believe that as humans, we have always loved a good story and nowadays more marketing professionals are rediscovering that fact and using it to their advantage.
However, regardless of the reasons behind its increased popularity, storytelling is an important part of brand building you need to be utilizing.
Read Below to Learn How to Incorporate Storytelling Into Brand Building:
Speak the Truth
Story telling sometimes brings to mind exaggerated fishing stories or a boat captain's yarn of adventure. However, when speaking about your brand, you need to be truthful, but it is okay to use colorful or flowery language and spin it a bit to suit your purpose.
In other words, don't claim your product can do something it cannot through a story. However, it's okay to set up a "fiction" story as long as your clients know it's fiction. In other words, never claim a story is coming from a real customer if it's not, but it's okay to create a hypothetical story, as long as everyone knows it's not true.
Create a Well Crafted Story That Serves a Purpose
When creating your brand story, you must be purposeful in your storytelling. Outline the steps you want customers to take and illustrate why your product or service is important to their lives.  Remember your purpose for story telling is to create a memory.
Do you recall those stories your teacher told you in grade school to help you remember a historical event? Wasn't it much easier to remember a certain battle when your teacher shared an exciting story about what occurred there?
In the same way, creating an interesting, genuine story about your brand that people will remember is the best kind of story to craft.
Choose the Right Stories
Selecting the correct story to use for your brand is a must. The stories are more impactful when they are personal. To help you narrow your choices down and settle on an angle, think about how your brand was born, what inspired you to create your company and define your personal mission.
More than all these factors, though, consider the needs of your audience or clients when choosing a story to use for your brand.
Make the customer or client the main character and share a story of how your service has made them successful or fulfilled a need.
Be Indirect, Not Overly Pushy
Although you are selling your brand, you don't want it to be obvious that is what you are doing. You want to craft your story to have three acts, just as any good story should, the situation, the conflict and the resolution.
However, when creating a story for your brand, you also want to add a fourth element, that being a call to action. Remember, do not be overly pushy, instead, inspire your customers to buy your product or acquire your service through your storytelling.
Examples of Successful Storytelling in Brand Building
The following are a few examples of some widely known brands who have had success using stories to build their brand:
Hallmark: This card making company frequently uses stories to sell their products and create brand recognition. The ad that shows a little girl give her grouchy piano teacher a Hallmark card, which in turn warms his heart and causes us all to want to go by a card, is one such ad.
American Express: This credit card company used a woman's actual story as their mailing letter. Her story was about moving to a new city, getting into an accident and calling American Express to take care of problem. Her genuine story showcasing American Express in a positive light, caused a 35 percent increase in response rate for the company. The use of the story represented the company's brand well.
Ford Truck: Ford's super bowl ad was a beautiful storytelling display narrated by Paul Harvey. The story was that of a farmer. More specifically, why God created a farmer. The ad was designed to sell trucks, but the ad told a story about small town America and the hardworking individuals who built the nation, making it a huge success. The story of a farmer played well into the brand building element of Ford, since Ford desires to be known as a truck for hardworking Americans.
The art of storytelling goes back to creation.
However, today, it is being utilized anew in regards to brand building. By following the tips and examples listed above, you too can utilize storytelling in your brand building process.
Follow Brian Horn on Twitter: www.twitter.com/brianhorn
More:

Andrew Smithers: True profitsBlog guide
Hello!
I’m Andrew Smithers; I studied economics at Cambridge and used to run the fund management business at S G Warburg which became Mercury Asset Management and is now BlackRock.
I set up Smithers & Co in 1989 as an economics consultancy. Much of the comments on economics and markets that I read as a fund manager struck me as nonsense and I have had great fun in pointing this out to clients over the years.
I now have the opportunity to disseminate my views more widely and hope that this will amuse and inform readers.
Welcome. If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read FT blogs. However, our posts remain free.
Andrew Smithers, Chairman, founded Smithers & Co., a leading advisor to investment managers on international asset allocation, in 1989.
Prior to starting Smithers & Co., Andrew was at S.G. Warburg from 1962 to 1989. He has been a regular contributor to the London Evening Standard, Sentaku Magazine and the Nikkei Veritas. His OpEd pieces are included periodically in the Financial Times.
He is co-author of Valuing Wall Street with Stephen Wright, published in 2000, and Japan’s Challenges for the 21st Century with David Asher, published in 1999. His book Wall Street Revalued - Imperfect Markets and Inept Central Bankers was published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. in July, 2009. He is also the author of Chapter 6, “Can We Identify Bubbles and Stabilize the System?” in The Future of Finance: The LSE Report, published by The London School of Economics and Political Science in September, 2010. His latest book is The Road to Recovery: How and Why Economic Policy Must Change (2013).
Andrew is a Trustee of the Daiwa Anglo-Japanese Foundation and a Fellow of CFA (UK).
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .
The month's most popular posts

Koreas rent-free tenancies under strain© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/80ab0880-3e1d-11e4-b175-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

S Korea regulator appeals to PE groupsSouth Korea regulator appeals for private equity investment
By Simon Mundy in Seoul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ebf5ccac-3e3a-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

AirAsia sees benefit from rivals revampAirAsia chief says rival’s restructuring will benefit his carrier
By Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0ee4b524-4567-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indias holy watersUnholy pollution in India’s holy waters
By Victor Mallet in Varanasi
The general election could be an opportunity to rescue the Ganges, writes Victor Mallet
©Reuters
Hindu nationalist Narendra Modi in Varanasi
There cannot be many high priests who understand sewage treatment technology, but in the holy Hindu city of Varanasi it makes sense: every day thousands of devotees bathe in the Ganges from the steps of the city’s famous ghats, convinced not only of the sanctity but also of the purity and medicinal qualities of the river water.
So Vishwambhar Nath Mishra – mahant (religious leader) of the Sankat Mochan temple to Hanuman the monkey god, president of a foundation set up by his father to protect the Ganges and professor of electronics engineering – knows a thing or two about activated sludge plants and faecal coliform bacteria.
Pursuit of love on LinkedIn
Varanasi, he tells me at the temple after a night-time ceremony of chanted prayers, produces 350m litres a day of sewage, but is able to treat only 100m litres – and even that only partially. But amid the clamour of India’s general election Prof Mishra senses an opportunity to rescue the river from industrial pollution and human waste: Varanasi, also known as Benares, Banaras or Kashi (“the city of light”), has now become the focus of national politics.
“The place where you’re sitting” – he points at the mat on the floor – “Modi was sitting there on the 20th of December.” That was the day Narendra Modi of the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata party, favourite to become India’s next prime minister, went on to address his first mass rally in the city.
“He was a mute spectator. Whatever I was saying, he was just listening,” says Prof Mishra firmly. “I said, ‘Modi-ji, you are going to address a big crowd. It would be nice if you could consider, if you could deliberate on this [Ganges] issue. Most people are not aware of it.’”
On that day and since, Mr Modi has responded handsomely to Prof Mishra’s request, calling the Ganges his mother and promising a clean-up. Seeking Hindu support across India , and eager for votes from the vast population of the city’s hinterland in Uttar Pradesh, Mr Modi is also standing as a member of parliament for Varanasi. Arvind Kejriwal, leader of the anti-corruption Aam Aadmi or Common People party, is doing the same to challenge Mr Modi.
As thousands of rowdy supporters packed Varanasi’s streets last week to glimpse Mr Modi presenting his nomination papers for parliament, the BJP leader praised the cultural glories of Varanasi while lamenting the state of the Ganges. In parts of Uttar Pradesh, he said in his blog, the river’s condition was “pitiable”.
For foreigners and Indians alike, the shocking state of the Ganges along much of its 2,500km between the Himalayas and the Bay of Bengal is an enduring mystery. If the river is so holy, how come the 450m people who depend on it for water and food treat it with such contempt? Why has so much state money for cleaning the river been wasted, stolen or simply never spent?
Varanasi itself provides a clue. Say it softly while you are there, but the holiest city in India is also among the filthiest and most dilapidated. Drains are blocked with garbage. Tour guides blithely discard plastic cups into the Ganges after finishing their tea. When you stumble across yet another heap of rubble in the streets, it is hard to tell if it comes from an ancient building that has collapsed or is destined for another that may – eventually – be built.
This is more than just a lack of civic pride. The river’s sanctity may itself be part of the problem. B D Tripathi, head of environmental science at Banaras Hindu University, has been concerned about the Ganges since 1972, when he bathed with his mother and encountered the floating corpse of a cow. When he spoke of pollution and started measuring it, his mother and others were appalled. “Varanasi is a religious place,” says Prof Tripathi. “They said: ‘You are not a Hindu. The water of Ganga [the Ganges] is the most pure.’”
He is not discouraged. He campaigns against dams that reduce the river’s water flow and claims to be the first to calculate how many human corpses are burnt each year at Varanasi’s main cremation ghats: 32,000, he says, releasing 200 tonnes of half-burnt flesh into the Ganges.
If Mr Modi does become prime minister, and if he is elected in Varanasi, those in the city who care for the Ganges will be quick to hold him to his promises after decades of broken government pledges. Prof Mishra says he will be “the first person to tell him: ‘You made this commitment in Sankat Mochan temple.’ Our objective is that not even a drop of sewage should go into the Ganges.” The devoutly Hindu Mr Modi has been warned.

Wonga to write off 220m of loansWonga to write off £220m of loans owed by customers
By Emma Dunkley and George Parker
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8e818300-4a0a-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

AirAsia has no interest in SkymarkAirAsia has ‘no interest’ in Japan’s Skymark
By FT Reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/399aa766-2757-11e4-a46a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

AirAsia X to buy 50 A330 Neo planesAirAsia X to buy 50 Airbus A330 Neo planes
By Michael Stothard in Farnborough
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c9b01656-0c40-11e4-9080-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jailed Indian tycoon seeks deal roomJailed Indian tycoon seeks ‘deal room’ to negotiate hotels sale
By Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/319e8014-13f7-11e4-8485-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Day release for detained tycoon to sell hotelsIndian court grants tycoon Roy day release to sell luxury hotels
By Avantika Chilkoti in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a2b0fad6-11ac-11e4-b356-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Only a weak euro can save the ECB‘How Adam Smith Can Change Your Life’, by Russ Roberts
What we’re writing about
Afghanistan Barack Obama China Chinese economy climate change ebola ECB EU Euro European Central Bank eurozone eurozone crisis G20 Germany India inflation investment Iraq Isis Mario Draghi markets Media monetary policy Pakistan Russia Scotland Syria Uighurs UK Ukraine US US Congress US economy US Federal Reserve US midterm elections 2014 US politics world health organisation
Categories

The fatal flaw in the wests fight against IsisThe fatal flaw in the west’s fight against Isis
By Philip Stephens
Preventing the collapse of Iraq was one thing. Waging an open-ended war is quite another
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1cef76e2-48c1-11e4-9f63-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lex: Software - the old new thing© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/b21bf766-4922-11e4-9f63-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

5.29 cr accounts opened under PMJDYThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Allianz and Pimco  collateral damage© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/2a74489c-4a47-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Allianz profits up despite Pimco outflows© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3585459e-1ebc-11e4-ad93-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Airlines face rise in insurance costsAirlines face rise in insurance costs
By Alistair Gray in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d57bc542-0e62-11e4-a1ae-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pimco troubles hit Allianzs net profitPimco troubles hit Allianz’s net profit
By Alice Ross in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ca62cd34-db2e-11e3-94ad-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sitting MLA Ghosalkar has done nothing  he has taken credit for work done byothersSheetal Mhatre
Written by Dipti Singh | Mumbai | Posted: October 3, 2014 3:57 am
Dahisar assembly constituency is one of the six in Mumbai North region. Touted as one of the fastest growing suburbs, Dahisar Assembly constituency comprises of 80 percent of its voting population equally divided between Gujarati and Marathi voters.The constituency is known as a Shiv-Sena BJP pocket for a majority of Gujarati and Marathi voters. Congress Candidate from the constituency, Sheetal Mhatre, tells The Indian Express that no remarkable development in the constituency in the five-year tenure of Sena sitting MLA, would turn voters towards Congress. Excerpts:
What is the biggest issue of your constituency and what are the issues you will focus on if elected?
The biggest issue of the constituency was the sitting MLA who did nothing for the constituency in his five years tenure. Dahisar and Borivali belt is known for its greenery, which is almost on the verge of depleting. The Dahisar river is in a sad condition. I want to restore the greenery. And I want to work towards developing the constituency and get Dahisar on the global map.
Has the sitting Shiv-Sena MLA done enough for the constituency, according to you?
The sitting MLA Vinod Ghosalkar has done nothing but taken credit for work that others have done. Whatever good work that was done during his tenure was done by the corporators of the area and civic body, however Ghosalkar took all the credit. He claims due to his efforts Dahisar got a fire station, which is not true and everybody knows about it.
Do you think Congress would gain votes due to the Sena-BJP breakup?
The Congress party and specifically me as a candidate has done enough work in the constituency on our own to convince the voters. We are not dependent on the division of votes that will take place due to the Sena-BJP breakup. Yes, there is a chance that voters will think of voting for betterment but purely on the basis of merits of the candidates in the constituency.
After the Sena-BJP breakup, do you see any Marathi-Gujarati divide in the constituency?
The constituency has 1.20 lakh Marathi voters and 1.20 lakh Gujarati voters all of who don’t just vote for Sena or BJP alone. They will also consider the candidates contesting while casting their vote. The division is between Sena and BJP loyalists and not specifically between Gujarati and Marathi voters. I don’t think the Sena-BJP breakup will matter too much.
dipti.singh@expressindia.com

Chronology: Worst Ebola outbreak on record tests global responseThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Infosys  new fix for banksThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Pradhan vows for  Swachh  IndiaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

@gg  ya its a biggest joke. seeits simple. if kfa revives i keep 200+ ...14 Followers
Reposted about 53 days 1 hr 31 min 1 sec ago by krish20
there is something called FUNDAMENTAL ANALYSIS.... i think you should learn it. golden rule is always check the fundamental of the company before investing in it.

I was at board meeting last week. they are trying to build back their ...Gold Member
21 Followers
thats the best thing you can do as an investor. I can tell you that most of the people, who invest in many companies, have never bothered to read their results in detail. Haven`t called the company management and haven`t visited their office ever. I know it is time consuming, but when you make big investment, you need to check the things in detail.
And, in case of companies like this one, you should be extra careful. I am sure Nath Group is on path of revival, but old habits of bad management will take some time to go.
3.32 PM Sep 1st

I see levels of 5000-5500 before any upmove begins. make no mistake  t...1 Followers
No, do come to a conclusion seeing a correction of SGX...
Our market movement is a special one and will never depend on global markets movement at least for this year if not for two years.
So, Nifty will not take rest without touching 8500/9500....
Present correction is only a limited one and recovery will be very much faster that all will cover their shorts at once and zooooooooooooooooooooooooms....up
11.43 PM Oct 2nd

First milestone is achieved. next milestone is 216 by diwali. hold wit...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

5 reasons you should never turn down an interview5 Reasons You Should Never Turn Down an Interview
By Marcelle Yeager | U.S.News & World Report LP –  Thu 18 Sep, 2014 7:18 PM IST
Print
>
Just when you think you could stay at your job for years, you're assigned a new boss who you don't respect. Or your team is restructured, and your job function changes. Or you're laid off. Any of these things or a myriad of others could happen at any time without warning. Be ready for unexpected changes at work by keeping your career momentum going, even if you're satisfied with your current job.
If you aren't thrilled when you hear from a headhunter, don't dismiss the opportunity offhand. While recruiters and headhunters can be hit or miss, it's worth it to talk to them, even for a brief phone conversation. Ask a lot of questions to figure out if it's an opportunity you should take into serious consideration. If a former co-worker refers you at her new company, and you get a call for an interview, say "yes!" Although you're happy at work now, things could change at any time. You don't want to regret your decision in the future. What's the harm in taking an interview? There are many benefits:
1. No pressure. It's easy to say "no thanks" when you feel positive about your job or if you just landed a new one. After all, you don't feel the need to go out and find a new job. But that also means when you get a call for an interview from another employer, there is no pressure. You can go to the interview and not be concerned that you absolutely must get the job.
2. Practice. Since you don't have the burden of needing to secure a new job , you can view this as a learning experience. It is not easy to promote yourself, and it takes a lot of practice to do it right without coming off as exceedingly arrogant. The more interviews you do, the more comfortable you become, because you know more about what to expect. It can only help prepare you for the next time you're ready to go out and find a new job.
3. Network. Forget about recruiters, headhunters and employers for a moment. Any time you have a chance to meet a new person in a professional setting is an opportunity for a connection down the road. All new people you meet have their own networks, and once you become connected to someone new, you've significantly increased your prospective professional circle. Don't limit your network. Instead, expand it whenever you have the chance.
4. Future prospects. If things go well when you meet your new contact, you've set yourself up for future communication. Perhaps you'll find one day you need to reach out to the person to ask a question for your own work. Or perhaps you'll want to know about job opportunities . On the flip side, maybe she will call you if a position that is a better fit for you opens up.
5. You just never know. This could be a real opportunity staring you in the face. While you might think it's not a good time to interview or meet a headhunter, when is the right time? As soon as you figure out the answer to that, it may be too late. By that time, an opportunity may have passed you by. It's easy to come up with excuses beyond that your work satisfaction. You may be very busy or going on vacation soon. Do your best to make time for it, because you really never know what could come out of it -- a new business contact, friend or job, if the circumstances are right.
The best part about being in this situation is you've expended minimal to no effort on your part. You've been sought out. That's something to be excited about and proud of, because it doesn't happen often. So give it a chance. The worse that could happen is that you feel you wasted an hour, but what if it turns into something completely and pleasantly unexpected? If you don't say "yes," you will never know. You don't want to live with that regret.
Marcelle Yeager is the president of Career Valet , which delivers personalized career navigation services. Her goal is to enable people to recognize skills and job possibilities they didn't know they had to make a career change or progress in their current career. She worked for more than 10 years as a strategic communications consultant, including four years overseas. Marcelle holds an MBA from the University of Maryland.
More From US News & World Report

Sena helped BJP to rise in Maharashtra  can cause its downfall too: Uddhav ThackerayUddhav Thackeray alleged that the BJP broke the partnership to play 'separate Vidarbha' card to garner votes.
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 2, 2014 5:58 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 6:23 pm
Intensifying his attack against former ally BJP for ending the 25-year-old alliance over seat-sharing issue, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on Thursday alleged that the BJP broke the partnership to play ‘separate Vidarbha’ card to garner votes in the Assembly elections.
“You (the BJP) broke alliance with the Shiv Sena because you knew you will never be able to divide Maharashtra as long as we were there. But keep one thing in mind. We will never allow Chhatrapati Shivaji’s Maharashtra to fall prey to your tactics. Maharashtra was, and will stay one,” Uddhav said while addressing a rally at Phaltan in Satara district.
There have been demands from various quarters for a separate state of Vidarbha.
If the Sena can stand firmly behind a political party leading to its rise in Maharashtra, it is also well poised to be the cause of downfall of the same party, he said.
“BJP has betrayed the blessings given to it by my father (Bal Thackeray). People are watching everything and they know the truth. If we could stand behind you when you were a non-entity in the state to make you an important political player, we can certainly be the cause of your downfall as well,” the Sena chief said.
Even if the BJP decides to send all its Central ministers to campaign for the October 15 state polls, they will be not be able to curb the Sena’s rise, he said.
“The BJP is using its entire might against us. They will be sending all the Central ministers to Maharashtra to campaign and ensure the Sena is defeated. We have nothing except the blessings of people. And we will show them what wonders can blessings do,” the 54-year-old Sena leader said.
Taking a dig at former state Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan, Thackeray said the Congress leader started signing on files at the end of his term to show his capability.
“Prithviraj Chavan sat on files and did not take important decisions concerning Maharashtra when he was the Chief Minister. But at the end of his term, he started signing on files to show us that yes, he is capable of signing,” he said.
BJP broke the partnership to play 'separate Vidarbha' card to garner votes in the Assembly elections

Jayalalithaa not getting VIP treatment in jail  says officialPrint
Press Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: October 2, 2014 8:26 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 8:07 am
AIADMK leader J Jayalalithaa is not getting VIP treatment, she is being looked after as any other ordinary prisoner at the Parapanna Agrahara Central prison where she is lodged after conviction in the disproportionate assets case, according to a top jail official.
“Madam (Jayalalithaa) is getting no VIP treatment. She is being treated as any other prisoner at Parapanna Agrahara,” DIG Prisons P M Jaisimha informed.
She has conducted herself very politely with the prison officials and not made any demand for luxury, except that she has asked for an iron cot as per doctors’ advise, he said.
Jayalalithaa has not even asked for a Television set, while a common TV is provided even for ordinary prisoners, he said.
“She instead insists on providing things as per the manual rules of the prison. She has not made any demand for luxury, except ordering for an iron cot as per the doctors’ advice. She has been very polite with the officials,” he said.
Since Jayalalithaa is a short-termer (a prisoner who is not undergoing rigorous imprisonment), she is allowed to wear her garments, he said. She is happy wearing sarees only and she is not wearing any cosmetics either, Jaisimha added.
Jayalalithaa also is being looked after by her close aide Sasikala and Elavarasi, the latter’s relative, who have also been imprisoned in the same women’s barracks, he said.
The AIADMK chief is keeping good health and eating simple food as per doctors’ advice, besides reading newspapers, Jaisimha said. “She is eating brown bread, milk, biscuits, fruits and chappatis, if she demands,” he said.
The 66-year-old three-time chief minister, who has been allotted VVIP cell number 23 of the prison, also reads newspapers without fail, Jaisimha said. “Without any fail, madam reads three English dailies every day,” he said.
Jayalalithaa, who is now prisoner number 7402 at the jail, wakes up early in the morning and takes a stroll in the premises of the prison, the official said.
Sasikala and her relatives, Elavarasi and Sudhakaran have been given prisoner numbers 7403, 7404 and 7405 respectively. The Special Court has sent Jayalalithaa and three other accused to four years in jail.
Jayalalithaa has not even asked for a Television set, while a common TV is provided even for ordinary prisoners, said the official.

Tatkal tickets to cost more as Railways starts dynamic pricingTatkaal tickets are already an additional premium paid on normal fares.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 3:15 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 9:46 pm
In a bid to shore up its revenues, the Indian Railways has decided to sell 50 per cent of tatkal tickets through the system of dynamic pricing. This means that while the first half of the total number of tatkal tickets will be sold at existing tatkal rates, which are up to 30 per cent higher than normal fare, the second half will be sold at progressively higher prices.
The new scheme will be implemented on the most popular trains, tatkal tickets for which face huge demand across the country. Each of the 16 zonal railways has been asked to identify five most popular trains and implement the scheme.
According to the system, after 50 per cent of the tatkal tickets are sold, rates would go up after every 10 per cent. The system, which was rolled out on October 1, will be fully implemented within a week.
Facing questions about the need for such a move, especially when diesel prices are stable in the country, the Railways claimed that it was necessary to ward off the menace of touts.
Officials in the Railways Ministry believe that touts hoard tatkal tickets illegally and charge hefty premium on them from needy passengers. This signifies that passengers are willing to pay a higher price for confirmed tickets, so the ministry decided to charge that premium itself.
“As per our internal assessment, touts were hoarding tatkal tickets and were selling them at much higher prices to needy passengers. This move is to provide relief to genuine passengers so they don’t fall prey to unlawful elements,” said a Railways spokesperson.
Currently, tatkal charges are 10 per cent of basic fare for second class and 30 per cent of basic fare for all other classes.
It is learnt that dynamic pricing of tatkal tickets will ward off touts.

Chennai Super Kings scores 182/7Dwayne Bravo propels CSK to 182/7
PTI
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct 2:  
Dwayne Bravo hammered 67 off 39 balls to take Chennai Super Kings to 182 for seven against Kings XI Punjab in the second semi-final of the Champions League T20 here today.
Bravo got good support from Faf du Plessis (46 off 33) while Ravindra Jadeja (27 off 13) provided the late burst, propelling Chennai to an imposing total in the crunch match.
Parvinder Awana (4/30) and Akshar Patel (2/30) were the pick of the bowlers for Punjab.
Punjab had things under control for the first six overs after skipper George Bailey decided to put the opposition in.
Fast bowlers Anureet Singh and Parvinder Awana impressed with the new ball against a dangerous Chennai batting unit.
A quick incoming delivery rattled the stumps of Dwayne Smith (14) while his opening partner Brendon McCullum (6) played to rash shot to be caught at mid—wicket off Thisara Perera.
Suresh Raina (6) started his innings with a delightful drive through the cover before he pulled a sharp catch to Bailey at mid—on, leaving Punjab at 41 for three in six overs.
Chennai’s batting runs deep and Raina’s dismissal brought Bravo and and Du Plessis together at the crease.
The two explosive men hung around for sometime before setting up the foundation for a big score. Their 65—run stand off 46 balls comprised big hits and some cheeky play especially from du Plessis, who used the scoop shot to good effect.
Bravo was brutal against pace and spin alike. He got to his fifty by smashing Anureet over extra cover, taking Chennai past 130 with five overs to spare. He had luck on his side too as Punjab dropped him twice.
The West Indian continued to find the fence at will before wickets of Pawan Negi (8) and Mahendra Singh Dhoni (0) off successive balls put Chennai in a spot of bother.
Bravo finally departed in the 19th over after playing a whirlwind knock.
Thanks to the batting it possesses, Chennai eventually managed to post a challenging total. Ravindra Jadeja’s 27—run cameo of 13 balls proved handy towards the end.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Avcorp announces appointment of Chief Executive Officer for its group of companiesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

http://usat.ly/YV57EQFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Lamborghini creates 910-horsepower plug-in supercar
Lamborghini may have stolen the show -- the Paris Motor Show -- with a new plug-in hybrid supercar concept. The Lamborgini Asterion LPI 910-4 wears its horsepower rating in its name -- 910. Able to rocket from
Post to Facebook
Lamborghini creates 910-horsepower plug-in supercar Lamborghini may have stolen the show -- the Paris Motor Show -- with a new plug-in hybrid supercar concept. The Lamborgini Asterion LPI 910-4 wears its horsepower rating in its name -- 910. Able to rocket from Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vBgfne
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
12
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Lamborghini creates 910-horsepower plug-in supercar
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 8:15 p.m. EDT October 2, 2014
A hostess poses next to a Lamborghini Asterion LPI 910-4 AT during the press day at the Motor Show. Automakers want prove they have come out stronger from years of economic trouble and cost-cutting. 
(Photo: Michel Euler AP)
Laborghini Asterion is a plug-in, capable of running at a top speed of 199 miles per hour 
(Photo: Lamborghini)
The four tailpipes note that the Asterion has a V-10 engine to go with its battery 
(Photo: Lamborghini)
As a concept, the Asterion has a futuristic interior 
(Photo: Lamborghini)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

http://usat.ly/1rBd6DRFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
M&M's Crispy makes a comeback
Ten years is a long time to wait for a chocolate fix. But after a decade-long hiatus, the M&M's Crispy is returning to stores shelves in January, 2015. Executives at Mars Chocolate North America says they've
Post to Facebook
M&M's Crispy makes a comeback Ten years is a long time to wait for a chocolate fix. But after a decade-long hiatus, the M&M's Crispy is returning to stores shelves in January, 2015. Executives at Mars Chocolate North America says they've Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vBBENh
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
8
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
M&M's Crispy makes a comeback
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 9:24 p.m. EDT October 2, 2014
M&M'S Crispy Milk Chocolate Candies are back after 10 years.
(Photo: M&M's Mars)
5908 CONNECT 180 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Ten years is a long time to wait for a chocolate fix.
But after a decade-long hiatus, the M&M's Crispy is returning to store shelves in January 2015.
Executives at Mars Chocolate North America say they've essentially been hounded, via social media, e-mail and toll-free phone calls, to bring back the crispy chocolates — coated in the iconic M&M colors — since yanking them in 2004.
"When M&M's fans talk, we listen," says Seth Klugherz, senior director of M&M's chocolate, in a statement. M&M's Crispy is the Mars company's single most-requested product to be "brought back" on the market,  according to records in the Mars Consumer Care division.
The move is a three-pronged marketing strategy.   For one, it cashes in on the never-ending nostalgia trend that responds to more comforting times that consumers recall from the past — even if that past is fairly recent.  At the same time, it feeds the relentless cry for "new" products by consumers — since many consumers will actually be seeing M&M's Crispy for the first time. And then there's Millennial responsiveness — the M&M's brand can claim that it is listening, attentively, to its consumers — particularly via social media.
One candy expert likes the move.
"Things like this can quickly go viral," says Bernard Pacyniak, editor-in-chief at Candy Industry Magazine.  "It shows they're paying more attention to consumers."
Much like limited-edition Oreos, or the in-and-out rotation of McRib sandwiches at McDonald's, these M&M's that come and go keep consumers constantly interested and chatting about the products, says Pacyniak.
Also, Pacyniak notes, crispy texture is "in" in candy and other confections. That's why the M&M's Pretzel products also have done well, Pacyniak says.
But brand consultant Peter Madden suggests M&M's new product gurus are actually being a bit lazy.  Instead of concocting a brand new product — or even a new color — they're recycling an old one.
"This isn't tried and true — it's tired and true," says Madden.   For all the fun and brand equity M&M's has to leverage, he says, the brand is "totally missing the boat" by bringing back this old product.
So, what can possibly be new in M&M's world?
Well, how about this one, with Halloween within eyeshot:  M&M's Candy Corn?
5908 CONNECT 180 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vBBENh
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Tell me why it will go to rs200Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

I suffered huge opportunity cost as i was holding 25500 shares at 23 f...Gold Member
10 Followers
Pl focus on IVRCL.. focusing on me won`t increase your stock value :-). Btw, I sold at 30  last time.. this time bought 12000 @ 15.15 two days back with the profit of last time. I will sell this time at 20 as I don`t give more value than that for IVRCL. Btw, I may have exggerated a bit saying 4000Cr will sell at 1000 Cr, but the morale of the story remains that IVRCL will eventually sell at below par valuation. Sorry that I have little faith in the management of this group: abilities in fast turn-around decision-making, ethics and intentions... it seems to be lacking everywhere and hence a massive distrust has taken the scrip to ruins. It will be resting in those ruins for some time to come.
11.13 AM Oct 1st

Huge promoter selling is going on in sudar .to understand what is goin...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

In this market corrections make full use of it and start accumulating ...Platinum Member
637 Followers
in this market corrections make full use of it and start accumulating this stock for sure. october month could turn out to be of correction and stocks bought will give fantastic returns by x-mas time.so buy.........buy..........buy......few other sure shots are ::::: Force motors, marksans , triton valves , trf , empire inds , bank of india .....and tata steel........keep accumualting.......goodluck and god bless.
7.23 AM Oct 3rd

Bollywood gears up to observe Durga PujaShe can't be 47!
Tue 22 Nov, 2011 1:25 PM IST
Seeing is not believing when it comes to Nandana Sen. It's hard to believe that the 'Rang Rasiya' woman is actually 47 . What makes her special? More » She can't be 47!
Have you seen these pictures
Thu 18 Sep, 2014 5:19 PM IST
Are you ready for a blast from the past. Here are some old pictures - and some new, here is a look at some celeb pictures you should never ever miss More » Have you seen these pictures
Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 10:44 AM IST
It has been two years since Genelia and Riteish got married. It was a big fat Bollywood wedding. Now, proud Riteish has made it official. He is going to be a father. More » Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Bollywood, friends and a Happy Diwali
Tue 21 Oct, 2014 7:43 AM IST
Diwali is a time for celebrations. And Bollywood does it in style. A look at who is visiting whom, who is party hopping.
Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Fri 17 Oct, 2014 7:51 AM IST
Mehendi, Sangeet and an Arya Samaj wedding - Sahil Sangha and Dia Mirza are man and wife. A look at their cute love story. More » Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Filipino TV host Paolo Ballesteros becomes internet star thanks to his incredible celebrity transfor …
Tue 14 Oct, 2014 2:32 PM IST
Proving that makeup is a form of art, Filipino presenter Paolo Ballesteros uses makeup and wigs to transform himself into some of the world's most famous faces. Paolo skillfully highlights and contours himself into stars including Kim Kardashian and Ariana Grande. Check out the pics!
Look whom we spotted with Hrithik Roshan
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 4:06 PM IST
It was dubbed the launch of the year, and it certainly didn't disappoint. A number of A-listers flew into Dubai to attend the grand opening of Cle Dubai, which is Michelin-starred chef Greg Malouf's first venture in the city.
Bollywood star Hrithik Roshan, Victoria's Secret models Alessandra Ambrosio and Irina Shayk, Khloe Kardashian, Paris and Nicky Hilton and Esha Gupta turned out to attend the new restaurant, which offers contemporary Middle Eastern cuisine.
When Gutthi stole the show
Tue 7 Oct, 2014 7:27 AM IST
Gutthi aka Sunil Grover was the showstopper for actor turned designer Mandira Bedi's collection. More » When Gutthi stole the show
Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Sun 5 Oct, 2014 11:42 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, had a couple of weeks ago launched the Swacchh Bharat campign and nominated Salman Khan. Salman Khan and his team was seen in action cleaning up in Karjat. He were not the only celebrity to take up this mission. Here's a look More » Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 3:54 PM IST
Rani Mukherji visits Durga Puja Pandal, Maanyata Dutt keeps a Mata Ki Chowki in her house, here is how Bollywood celebrated Navratri off the screen. More » Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Spotted: Gauri Khan, Shamita Shetty at Simone Arora’s store launch
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 11:56 AM IST
Simone Arora launched her new store in Mumbai over the weekend and the event saw a bevy of beautiful ladies in addition to her family. Here’s a look at all the celebrities we spotted
Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Sun 28 Sep, 2014 8:40 PM IST
George Clooney once said “I won’t marry again” and Barbara Walters asked “How do you know you won’t marry again?” “Because I wasn’t very good at it,’ he replied. Now, years afterwards he has tied the knot with Amal Alamuddin. Here are the first pictures after the wedding. And we have some of the guests who attended too. Take a look More » Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Talking point: Here's what our favourite celebs have been talking about
Sat 27 Sep, 2014 11:16 AM IST
Celebs who insured their body parts
Mon 19 Sep, 2011 4:19 PM IST
German supermodel Heidi Klum has had her legs insured for $2 million. Learn more about other celebs who have insured their body parts. Photos More » Celebs who insured their body parts
How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Fri 26 Sep, 2014 3:29 PM IST
If we are to tell you that Aishwarya, Shilpa and Malaika are older than 35, would you believe us? The other age defying beauties. More » How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Tue 23 Sep, 2014 4:00 PM IST
Celebrity weddings present some amusing moments. Candid shots, tender moments, shared togetherness. Take a look
Who has the best lips in Bollywood?
Sun 18 Sep, 2011 3:54 PM IST
What do you prefer? Katrina and Kangna's (fake) pout or the fuller natural lips of Kareena and Madhuri? Take a look More » Who has the best lips in Bollywood?
Celebrity pets
Tue 16 Sep, 2014 5:30 PM IST
Paris Hilton has gotten a new pooch for herself, which reportedly is said to be the world's smallest Pomeranian, and could even fit in a purse for $13,000. And she isn't the only one with pets. Bill Clinton, had a cat; and MJ had a pet snake! These celebrity pets are as famous as their masters. Take a look More » Celebrity pets
Designer Manali Jagtap gets engaged to Vicky Soor
Mon 8 Sep, 2014 1:59 AM IST
What is Deepika and Arjun excited about
Fri 5 Sep, 2014 9:16 AM IST
Deepika was so excited that she gave our photographer a series of funny moments. Arjun was not far behind and the event was a fashion night out. More » What is Deepika and Arjun excited about
Today on Yahoo

Maharashtra polls: NCP releases manifesto; promises sops for students  minorities8
0
Mumbai: In a bid to outdo the Congress Assembly poll manifesto, the Nationalist Congress Party's (NCP) manifesto for the Maharashtra assembly polls released on Thursday, has promised to increase the income limit for Rajiv Gandhi Jeevandayi Scheme beneficiaries to Rs 3 lakh.
Incidentally, the Maharashtra state Congress assembly poll manifesto released earlier promised to increase the income limit for beneficiaries of the same Rajiv Gandhi Jeevandayi Health Scheme, from Rs 1.5 lakh to Rs 2.5 lakh.
The NCP Maharashtra assembly poll manifesto, which was released here by the party's state unit chief Sunil Tatkare, has promised free laptops to students from the "non-creamy layer", after they clear HSC exams.
The party has promised 'high-speed railway' through Mumbai, Nashik and Nagpur and mono-rail services in Aurangabad, Nashik and Nagpur.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #ncp #sharad pawar #congress
The NCP has promised a separate ministry for Other Backward Castes (OBCs) if it is voted to power in Maharashtra. It has promised that the budget of the Maulana Azad Minority Economic Development Corporation for minorities would be raised to Rs 2,000 crore.
The NCP manifesto promised that all prominent cities in Maharashtra would be linked through air connectivity, while mono-rail services would be rolled out in Aurangabad, Nashik and Nagpur.
The party has promised connecting Mumbai, Nashik and Nagpur through "high-speed railway" as well as development of clusters of industrial units alongside, besides a separate cluster for women entrepreneurs.
Similarly, entrepreneurs would get property tax waiver and a separate scheme to co-ordinate agriculture and industrial sectors would be implemented.
"Digital smart classrooms" would be set up in all schools, free wi-fi Internet connectivity would be provided to all colleges and Maharashtra would be made child labour free in five years, the NCP assembly poll manifesto said.
A 'Krishi Kavachkundal Insurance Scheme' for farmers would be introduced, the NCP assembly poll manifesto said. Non-conventional energy sources would be utilised to increase electricity generation capacity, it said.
The NCP has also promised pension for farmers with small holdings, farmers cultivating dry farmland and farm labourers above 65 years of age.
34

Modi has more American Facebook fans than US politiciansOct 02, 2014 at 09:21pm IST
Modi has more American Facebook fans than US politicians
85
0
Washington: Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has more Facebook fans in the US than most current members of Congress, governors and other political candidates, according to a media report.
Modi's American Facebook base of 170,529 as of Wednesday is larger than all but 21 American elected officials and current candidates, the New York Times reported citing Socialbakers, a site that tracks social media accounts.
The influential US daily attributed it partly to effective use of social media in Modi's high-profile election campaign and employing it as an important part of his communication strategy after coming to office.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has more Facebook fans in the US than most current members of Congress, governors and other political candidates, according to a media report.
#modi meets america #modi meets obama #modi in us #modi us visit
While his popularity among people of Indian descent in the US was vividly displayed by the reception he got at a sold-out Madison Square Garden event Sunday, several American politicians in fact benefited from Modi's presence in the US, the Times said.
Members of Congress who attended the Madison Square Garden event received sizable boosts on Twitter after posting pictures of themselves with the Indian leader with Tulsi Gabbard, first Hindu in the House, getting at least 767 new followers after the event.
Most of Modi's social media followers come from India, which has the second largest number of Facebook users, the Times noted.
He also has at least 10,000 Facebook fans from 21 countries, including Pakistan, where he has 94,553 Facebook fans.
There are American politicians who have a bigger social media base. President Barack Obama, who has more Facebook fans outside the US (37.8 million) than inside it (15.1 million), tops the list, the Times said.
501

Google to take on WhatsApp with instant messengerYou are here: Home > Collections > Google
Google planning to launch own mobile messaging app similar to WhatsApp
Jayadevan PK, ET Bureau Oct 3, 2014, 06.38AM IST
Tags:
Facebook
(Google reportedly made…)
BANGALORE: After losing WhatsApp to Facebook in a multibillion dollar acquisition bid, Google is planning to launch its own mobile messaging app which the search giant is likely to test in India and other emerging markets. Last month, Google sent top product manager Nikhyl Singhal to India to do a recce of the messaging app ecosystem in the country as the company looks to catch up on an opportunity it lost to others.
The Google messenger is in early stages of development and is likely to be launched in 2015, sources aware of the plans said. A Google spokesperson, however, declined to comment. Google reportedly made an offer of over $10 billion (Rs 60,000 crore) to buy Whatsapp, the instant messaging app which was ultimately bought by Facebook for $19 billion Rs 1.2 lakh crore) in one of the largest technology deals.
Singhal, who is a product management director for Hangouts, Photos, Google+ core & Platform, is also touring other countries in Asia Pacific to understand local ecosystems better.
Unlike other Google products, the messenger will not force users to use their Google login. The company is also considering loalising the product by adding Indian language support and voiceto-text messaging. The messenger will also be free to use. WhatsApp, which will be its biggest competitor, has a freemium model where it charges Rs 53 annually after one year.
With the launch of its Android One initiative, which sought to bring together hardware vendors to sell affordable smartphones, India is increasingly becoming a testing ground for Google. In an interview with ET last month, top Google executive Sun-dar Pichai said the company wants to do more India specific launches because of the scale and scope of the market.
India is expected to become the world's second-largest smartphone market after China by 2019. For Google, the move comes a little late as other instant messengers like Viber, WeChat and Line have also created sizeable user bases.
"Google would agree that it missed social and missed social on mobile. But then Facebook had to buy WhatsApp and Instagram for the same reason," said Benedict Evans, former mobile analyst and a partner at Andreessen Horowitz in an email to ET.India is one of the fastest-growing markets for instant messaging applications. Of the 600 million WhatsApp users, 65 million are in India.
Similarly, Line has over 18 million registered users, Viber is targeting 30 million users by the year end and homegrown messenger Hike claims over 35 million registered users. WeChat doesn't share country specific data but globally, it has over 438 million monthly active users.
"Around four years ago, there were at least close to 15 messaging apps with over 1 million daily active users and that didn't include Whatsapp," said Aakrit Vaish, who quit his job at mobile analytics company Flurry to launch Haptik, an instant messaging-based app that answers customer queries.
Haptik, which raised $1 million (Rs 6 crore) venture capital funds last month, saw over 100,000 customer queries in less than 15 days on the app. "It also helps because it is free," said Vaish.
Mobile connections in India will grow to 815 million in 2014, up 8% from last year, according to Gartner which counted the growing appetite for over the top voice services (data based) as one of the 'biggest challenges' faced by Indian mobile operators.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Direct withdrawal needed for M-wallet to ta...Airtel
(A mobile wallet is a software…)
KOLKATA: The first wave of telco-backed payments banks is slated to charge up India's mobile banking turf but explosive growth in mobile money transactions, mirroring the Africa experience, won't happen unless RBI allows direct cash withdrawals under mobile wallet services , leveraging the reach of telecom retail networks , mobile operators and sector analysts told ET.
Wallet services are typically offered by telecom firms. A mobile wallet is a software application in a handset that functions as a `virtual' container where cash is stored digitally and can be used for DTH service top-ups, mobile recharges, paying utility bills, buying rail to movie tickets.
But the RBI does not allow cash withdrawals from a mobile wallet to a telecom retail point.
Which is why, a telco like Bharti Airtel has to team up with a partner bank to offer `cash-outs' to a specific bank account under its wallet service.
This issue is likely to be partly addressed once telco-operated payments banks hit the scene as RBI's draft norms on payments bank licences suggest they can open customer accounts and offer remittance services, including cash-outs.
Telcos though want more clarity on cash-outs through the payments bank route before taking a call on establishing payment banks. They also stress the need for suitable cash-out infrastructure at the payments bank end, which supports digital connectivity and biometric authentication. The RBI is tipped to issue the final guidelines next month.
Telecom analysts believe mainstream banks and payment banks will have very "limited impact" in driving financial inclusion without the support of the mobile retailer network, especially in a country with 6 lakh-plus villages and merely 70,000 bank branches.
That mobile penetration is already over 73% and the pan-India telecom retailer network is at least 10 times bigger than the number of physical bank branches lends credence to the theory.
Hemant Joshi, partner, Deloitte Haskins & Sells says that the future of banking will have to be through mobile devices, simply since cost benefits are huge. "In a mobile banking scenario, each transaction cost is just Rs 1.50, which is a fraction of the Rs 12-13 that a brick & mortar bank incurs for processing every Rs 100 it shells out".
He feels that the central bank must leverage India's huge mobile retailer network whose reach is far greater than physical banks to boost financial inclusion. Suresh Sethi, who heads Vodafone India's M-Pesa mobile money business, says that cash withdrawals from a mobile wallet would "add a lot of convenience for the rural population" to access remittance funds at their next door telecom retailer without having to travel long distances to reach a bank branch or an ATM. More so, since mobile retailer presence in the villages is far greater than banks, which are often 10 kms away.
The Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI), the GSM trade body representing Bharti Airtel, Vodafone India and Idea Cellular, believes the "absence of a cash-out option under wallet services and the continuing cap of Rs 5,000 per transaction have severely limited the massive growth potential of mobile banking in India."
The glaring India-Africa disconnect is most evident in the sharp surge in the value of Bharti Airtel and Vodafone's mobile money deals in Africa.
In the April-June quarter this year, the Sunil Mittal-headed telco did nearly $2.2 billion worth of transactions, which is nearly a five-fold jump over the year-ago period. Vodafone's global M-Pesa business transmits nearly $1.15 billion (Euro 700 million) in mobile money deals a month, of which over 80% is reckoned to stem from African markets. Neither Bharti Airtel nor Vodafone replied to ET's queries on their mobile money transaction value or volumes in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tax caFE: Bringing clarity to indirect transfersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Obama said he wasnt making a campaign speech. And then he did.By Katie Zezima October 2 Follow @katiezez
President Obama told an audience at Northwestern University that the economy is on the upswing and that employers are hiring hundreds of thousands of new workers per month. (Reuters)
EVANSTON, Ill. – President Obama -- out on the campaign trail for the first time this fall -- assured an audience peppered with old friends and colleagues that he wasn’t there to make a campaign speech.
And then he did.
In a speech that focused on the slow, steady economic gains and challenges of his presidency, Obama touched on his goals for a laundry list of Democratic priorities, from immigration reform and clean energy to equal pay. The day's message marked a return to Obama's theme of economic populism -- one that Democrats have asked him to reprise ahead of the midterm elections. He repeatedly punctuated his views with the forward-looking refrain, "Let's do this" -- a message to propel those initiatives, and Democrats, across the finish line in November and the rest of his term.
His speech came at the tail end of a string of campaign events Thursday: fundraisers for Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn, who is embroiled in a tough re-election fight. There was a homecoming feel as the president pointed out some familiar Illinois Democrats and joked that his no-nonsense, notoriously foul-mouthed former chief of staff Rahm Emanuel was now "the mild-mannered Mayor of Chicago."
Speaking to the hometown crowd, next door to the city where his political career began, the president never directly said the midterms were also a referendum on his record, his time in office and his legacy. But he did say the issues he'd fought for -- the goals he'd devoted his White House years to -- were in the balance this November.
"Now, I am not on the ballot this fall. Michelle is pretty happy about that. But make no mistake: These policies are on the ballot -- every single one of them," Obama told an audience of more than 1,000 people at the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. "This isn’t some official campaign speech, or political speech, and I’m not going to tell you who to vote for -- although I suppose it is kind of implied."
It was. In a nearly hour-long speech, an energetic Obama repeatedly veered off his prepared remarks, lambasting Republicans for failing to help the middle class. When the GOP "actually had to take a stand on policies that would help the middle class and working Americans – raising the minimum wage, enacting fair pay, refinancing student loans, extending insurance for the unemployed – the answer was 'no," he said.
In laying out the Democratic economic message for the campaign home stretch, he linked his policies -- including the Affordable Care Act -- to job growth, taking a bit of a victory lap on the performance of his signature policy achievement. "While good, affordable health care might seem like a fanged threat to the freedom of the American people on Fox News -- it turns out it’s working pretty well in the real world," he said.
And, as he has throughout his presidency, he made the case that the worst of the nation's lingering economic problems predated his time in office, and asked for more patience.
"We’ve got to realize that the trends that have battered the middle class for so long aren’t ones that we’re going to reverse overnight," he said. "The facts I just laid out don’t mean much for someone at home who’s underpaid, underemployed, or out of work for too long."
The bottom-line economic pitch at the heart of the speech echoed the narrative he used on swings from California to Colorado to Delaware last year: the economy is filled with "successes and shortcomings," but is better off than when he took office. The middle class still needs help, he said, but there's been real progress. Unemployment is down. Foreign countries are investing in American goods and services.
"Historically, our economic greatness rests on a simple principle: When the middle class thrives, and when people can work hard to get into the middle class, then America thrives. And when it doesn’t, America doesn't," Obama said. "This is going to be a central challenge of our times. We have to make our economy work for every working American. And every policy I pursue as president is aimed at answering that challenge."
Katie Zezima covers the White House for Post Politics and The Fix.

GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian stocks hesitant  HK unrest and U.S. data in focusThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Kejriwal leads cleanliness drive in a local slumThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Bullard says Fed needs to change rate guidance at next meetingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

USHCC Responds to President Obama s Promise to Act on ImmigrationThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Happy vijaya dasami to everybodyCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

October 1  2014 thailand to become shrimp importer this ye...Thailand
To Become Shrimp Importer This Year ( INDIA TO GAIN?)
Aramwattananont, president of the Thai Frozen Foods Association, speaking to Thailand’s Nation newspaper, said early mortality syndrome was still a problem and that production of finished shrimp products in 2014 would fall to 200,000 metric tons this year from 250,000 tons in 2013.
He said that processing plants would need to import shrimp from India, Vietnam or Ecuador in order to avoid disruptions in the 4th quarter.
He estimated that around 40,000 tons would have to be imported.
7.51 AM Oct 3rd  | Track

Elon Musk Wants To Put A Million People On Mars. Here s Whyreddit
No one has been to Mars yet, and Elon Musk wants to change that in a big way. The SpaceX CEO says we need to put a million people on the Red Planet to make sure human civilization survives.
"I think there is a strong humanitarian argument for making life multi-planetary... in order to safeguard the existence of humanity in the event that something catastrophic were to happen," Musk said in a recent interview with the digital magazine Aeon .
Musk's comment sounds ominous but may not be off the mark, given the threats that scientists see in climate change and space rocks .
Just what would it take to move so many people to Mars?
"Excluding organic growth, if you could take 100 people at a time, you would need 10,000 trips to get to a million people," Musk told Aeon. "But you would also need a lot of cargo to support those people. In fact, your cargo to person ratio is going to be quite high. It would probably be 10 cargo trips for every human trip, so more like 100,000 trips. And we’re talking 100,000 trips of a giant spaceship."
This isn't the first time Musk has made a pitch for colonizing Mars. At the AllThingsD's 2013 conference last year , Musk said, "Either we spread Earth to other planets, or we risk going extinct... An extinction event is inevitable and we’re increasingly doing ourselves in."
Got it.
Read the full interview in Aeon magazine , published September 30, 2014.
Also on HuffPost:

Texas patient confirmed as first Ebola case diagnosed in USGovernment confirms first case of Ebola in US
Associated Press –  Wed 1 Oct, 2014
Print
DALLAS (AP) — The first case of Ebola diagnosed in the U.S. was confirmed Tuesday in a patient who recently traveled from Liberia to Dallas — a sign of the far-reaching impact of the out-of-control epidemic in West Africa.
The unidentified man was critically ill and has been in isolation at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital since Sunday, federal health officials said. They would not reveal his nationality or age.
Authorities have begun tracking down family, friends and anyone else who may have come in close contact with him and could be at risk for becoming ill. But officials said there are no other suspected cases in Texas.
At the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Director Tom Frieden said the man left Liberia on Sept. 19, arrived the next day to visit relatives and started feeling ill four or five days later. He said it was not clear how the patient became infected.
There was no risk to any fellow airline passengers because the man had no symptoms when he was traveling, Frieden said.
Ebola symptoms can include fever, muscle pain, vomiting and bleeding, and can appear as long as 21 days after exposure to the virus. The disease is not contagious until symptoms begin, and it takes close contact with bodily fluids to spread.
"I have no doubt that we'll stop this in its tracks in the U.S. But I also have no doubt, that as long as the outbreak continues in Africa, we need to be on our guard," Frieden told reporters.
"It is certainly possible that someone who had contact with this individual, a family member or other individual, could develop Ebola in the coming weeks," he added. "But there is no doubt in my mind that we will stop it here."
He said he didn't believe anyone on the same flights as the patient was at risk.
"Ebola doesn't spread before someone gets sick and he didn't get sick until four days after he got off the airplane," Frieden said.
Frieden briefed President Barack Obama by phone about the diagnosis, the White House said.
Word of the infection alarmed the local Liberian community.
"People have been calling, trying to find out if anybody knows the family," said Stanley Gaye, president of the Liberian Community Association of Dallas-Fort Worth. "We've been telling people to try to stay away from social gatherings."
Four American aid workers who became infected in West Africa have been flown back to the U.S. for treatment after they became sick. They were cared for in special isolation facilities at hospitals in Atlanta and Nebraska. Three have recovered.
Also, a U.S. doctor exposed to the virus in Sierra Leone is under observation in a similar facility at the National Institutes of Health.
The U.S. has only four such isolation units. Asked whether the Texas patient would be moved to one of those specialty facilities, Frieden said there was no need and virtually any hospital can provide the proper care and infection control.
Dr. Edward Goodman, an epidemiologist at the hospital, said the U.S. was much better prepared to handle the disease than African hospitals, which are often short of doctors, gloves, gowns and masks.
"We don't have those problems. So we're perfectly capable of taking care of this patient with no risk to other people," Goodman said.
After arriving in the U.S. on Sept. 20, the man began to develop symptoms last Wednesday and initially sought care two days later. But he was released. At the time, hospital officials did not know he had been in West Africa. He returned later as his condition worsened.
Blood tests by Texas health officials and the CDC separately confirmed an Ebola diagnosis on Tuesday.
State health officials described the patient as seriously ill. Goodman said he was able to communicate and was hungry.
The hospital is discussing if experimental treatments would be appropriate, Frieden said.
Since the summer months, U.S. health officials have been preparing for the possibility that an individual traveler could unknowingly arrive with the infection. Health authorities have advised hospitals on how to prevent the virus from spreading within their facilities.
People boarding planes in the outbreak zone are checked for fever, but that does not guarantee that an infected person won't get through.
Liberia is one of the three hardest-hit countries in the epidemic, along with Sierra Leone and Guinea.
Ebola is believed to have sickened more than 6,500 people in West Africa, and more than 3,000 deaths have been linked to the disease, according to the World Health Organization. But even those tolls are probably underestimates, partially because there are not enough labs to test people for Ebola.
Two mobile Ebola labs staffed by American naval researchers arrived this weekend and will be operational this week, according to the U.S. Embassy in Monrovia. The labs will reduce the amount of time it takes to learn if a patient has Ebola from several days to a few hours.
The U.S. military also delivered equipment to build a field hospital, originally designed to treat troops in combat zones. The 25-bed clinic will be staffed by American health workers and will treat doctors and nurses who have become infected. The U.S. is planning to build 17 other clinics in Liberia and will help train more health workers to staff them.
___
Neergaard reported from Washington. Associated Press writers Nomaan Merchant in Dallas and Emily Schmall in Fort Worth; Jonathan Paye-Layleh in Monrovia, Liberia; and Francis Kokutse in Accra, Ghana, contributed to this report.
Recommend

Asian Games Athletics: India win women s 4X400m relay gold72
5
Incheon: India continued their stranglehold in women's 4x400m relay event in the Asian Games as its quartet ran a brilliant race to win the gold for the fourth time on the trot in Games record time in the 17th edition on Thursday.
The quartet of Priyanka Panwar, Tintu Luka, Mandeep Kaur and M R Poovamma won an easy race in 3:28.68 to improve upon the earlier Games record of 3:29.02 which was also in the name of the gold-winning Indian team in 2010. This was the second gold for India from athletics after Seema Punia bagged the yellow metal in women's discus throw.
Japan won the silver in 3:30.80 while China bagged the bronze in 3:32.02.
India successfully defended their women's 4X400 metres relay title by clinching the gold medal at the Asian Games on Thursday. (Getty Images)
#asian games 2014 #asian games #priyanka panwar #tintu luka
The first lapper, Panwar was, however, lagging behind her Japanese counterpart but Luka, who won a silver in 800m race, ran a brilliant race to recover the loss ground for India.
India took a small lead after two laps before Mandeep widened the gap in the third lap after holding out a strong challenge from her Japanese counterpart. Poovamma, who won a bronze in 400m race, then anchored India to gold by blasting her way to the finishing line.
This was the fourth time India has bagged gold in women's 4x400m relay in Asian Games as the country has been winning the event since the 2002 Busan Games.
Mandeep Kaur, who ran an impressive third leg was part of that gold-winning quartet in the 2010 Guangzhou Games.
2359

Movie review: Shahid Kapoor s Haider will hurt and haunt youCast: Shahid Kapoor, Tabu, Kay Kay Menon, Irrfan Khan, Shraddha Kapoor
Director: Vishal Bhardwaj
Rating: 4/5
Vishal Bhardwaj's Haider goes where Bollywood rarely treads: the movie based on William Shakespeare's Hamlet goes beyond clichés on Kashmir and its characters aren't trying to be entertaining.
Haider
The movie tells the story of Haider (Shahid) who finds out that his peace-loving, life-saving doctor father (Narendra Jha) has been arrested by the Indian Army. He returns from Aligarh (where he was studying poetry, a passion he shares with his father) to realise that his mother (Tabu) and uncle (Kay Kay Menon) are behind a conspiracy that resulted in his father's disappearance.
We have seen in Maqbool and Omkara how wonderfully Bhardwaj takes up the bard's plays and weaves them passionately into a completely different cultural milieu. With Haider, Vishal does better. The film paints Kashmir in a haunting colour, so true to the troubles there. The usual whites and dark hues of frames are there in the Valley (usual in cinematic sense when you portray dark emotions) but even the colourful frames blaringly outline the feelings of revengeful, hurt and disturbed souls.
Bhardwaj and Kashmiri journalist Basharat Peer co-wrote the film's screenplay and they must be praised for their courage to speak strongly about what is happening in Kashmir. Haider goes beyond Bollywood's Pakistan bashing for Kashmir's troubles and speaks about the alleged atrocities of the Indian Army on Kashmiris. Haider jokes about 'chutzpah'--pronounced as 'chootspaa' in the movie--and equates it to AFSPA (Armed Forces Special Powers Act, the security law which gives armed forces immunity from prosecution while operating in the militancy-hit areas but has been criticised by human rights groups).
As for performances, Vishal Bhardwaj brings out the best of Shahid Kapoor and Shraddha Kapoor, a journalist in the movie. Shahid looks a little out of place in the beginning but the traumatic role rubs onto him with time. Shahid's acting in Haider could well undo his several Bollywood mistakes (read Phata Poster Nikhla Hero and the likes).
Movie review: Haider is intense, disturbing, and not your regular Bollywood movie
Tabu plays the role of a traumatised and hurt soul who is searching for peace and love wonderfully. Kay Kay Menon is mesmerising with his menacing and conniving looks. Narendra Jha is impressive as the doctor who in his bid to save lives ends up being branded as a militancy supporter. Even the smallest of characters, faces that appear just for a shot, impress you as much as the actors with full-fledged roles. In one scene, Shahid meets an old woman at a government office where they have both come searching for their missing family members. The woman shows the picture of a young man and Shahid shows his father's picture: the traumatised-and-caring look on the woman's face as she touches Shahid's head is striking.
Also read: Watch Shahid, the bruised soul in Haider
Bhardwaj picks the drama of human follies from Shakespeare's works and places them in a completely different scenario, but he stays true to the emotions of the bard's works. The director ensures that the emotions of a troubled soul (Haider), subtle sexual undertones of the mother-son duo relation, the eternal human follies of treachery and adultery are showcased on the canvas of his cinema.
The music and background score go hand-in-hand with the narrative and scaringly haunt you throughout. The romantic number Khul Kabhi To seems a bit misplaced and is distracting. The ending to the song, however, brings you back to the traumatised cinematic experience that Haider is.
Watch the film for Vishal Bhardwaj's direction, dialogues and touching acting prowess that almost everyone in Haider shows. Skip it if an intense, disturbing film is not your cup of tea or if entertainment is what you seek at movie theatres.
Follow the author Twitter/SwetaKaushal.

Preservation panel turns away plans for Spy Museum at Carnegie Library.By Jonathan O'Connell October 2 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
The Carnegie Library, built in 1903. (James A. Parcell/The Washington Post)
Events DC, the District’s tourism arm, and owners of the International Spy Museum  announced grand plans  last year to expand the historical Carnegie Library in Mount Vernon Square and move the museum there from Gallery Place.
Perhaps they were thinking a little too big.
On Thursday, for the second time, the D.C. panel tasked with protecting historical buildings turned away the plans, with board members calling them too expansive and onerous for the building and the green space surrounding it on Mount Vernon Square.
Events DC and the museum’s owners, the Maltz family, have agreed to a partnership in which the museum would be turned into a nonprofit organization and relocated to a redeveloped Carnegie Library. The Historical Society of Washington would remain in the building.
But the library, completed in 1903, is far too small to accommodate all the Spy Museum attractions. So Events DC and the Maltzs proposed more than doubling the size of the 63,000-square-foot building. On the ground level, the additions would include two expansive, glass-encased wings; a cafe; a visitor center; and the museum gift shop.
Most of the new space — 47,000 square feet — would be constructed below ground for Spy Museum exhibits and educational spaces.
Events DC and the Spy Museum, working with architects from MGA Partners, had tried to address  concerns  the Historic Preservation Review Board raised during its first consideration and by members of the National Capital Planning Commission, which  reviewed  the project last fall
A rendering of the proposed addition. (Courtesy HPRB)
The changes to the proposal, Events DC, the Spy Museum and the architects said Thursday, would restore the building to productive use — a priority because it has not been used as a library since 1970 and repeated efforts for other uses have not panned out. Redeveloping it, they argued, would allow the building’s aging mechanical systems to be upgraded and its historical stone exterior and other features to be refurbished.
But the DC Preservation League, an advocacy group, steadfastly opposed the proposal, saying it would greatly diminish one of the city’s most famous examples of Beaux-Arts architecture.
In a letter to the board, DCPL Executive Director Rebecca Miller, called the proposal “an offensive request” and one that “highlights Event DC’s lack of respect for this building, the community, and this public process.”
“More than doubling the size of this building in the proposed manner no way enhances it and is by no means the only method of ensuring its preservation,” Miller wrote.
For the most part, the board agreed, asking that Events DC and the Spy Museum again reform their plans, in part to preserve more of the square’s vistas and green space.
Board member Charles Wilson said the expansion seemed to put the needs of the museum above those of the existing building.
“I think the current design is essential for the museum,” he said. “But I don’t think that should be our focus. I think we need to see a design that is [essentially] just for the building itself. And I do think it should be reduced in some form or fashion.”
An overhead view of the proposed addition. (Courtesy HPRB)
Another board member, architect Joseph E. Taylor, said he thought that the plan’s proposed wings reach too far from the existing building.
“Take up less space, preserve more park area and connect to the existing building in a more judicious manner,” he advised.
Correction: A previous version of this story gave this incorrect name of the family that owns the Spy Museum. It is the Maltz family.
 Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter:  @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

Sunil Narine suspended from playing in CLT20 finalUpdated: October 3, 2014 08:40 IST
Sunil Narine suspended from bowling in CLT20 final
V V Subrahmanyam
The Hindu Sunil Narine was reported for a second time in as many matches over a suspected illegal bowling action during the semi-final game against Hobart Hurricanes. File photo: Vivek Bendre
TOPICS
Twenty20
Narine was reported for a second time in as many matches over a suspected illegal bowling action during the semi-final game against Hobart Hurricanes.
Kolkata Knight Riders, which entered the final of the Oppo Champions League T20 championship on Thursday, suffered a huge blow when its star spinner Sunil Narine was declared ineligible to bowl in the final following a report on his suspected illegal bowling action.
“Narine was reported for a second time in as many matches over a suspected illegal bowling action during Thursday evening’s semi-final game against Hobart Hurricanes here at Rajiv Gandhi Stadium,” a statement issued here said.
“After all video evidence of the match was taken into account, on-field umpires Rod Tucker and S. Ravi along with third umpire Vineet Kulkarni felt that there was a flex action in his elbow beyond the acceptable limit when bowling during the match,” the statement said.
“Under the CLT20 Suspected Illegal Bowling Action policy, if a player receives a report while on the warning list, the player shall be suspended from bowling for the remainder of the tournament and from bowling in any matches organised by the BCCI until such date as he is cleared,” it added. ‘’Narine is suspended from bowling, but may continue to be selected to play in matches, however he will not be entitled to bowl.’’
The team will be advised to send the player to the SRMC (Sri Ramachandra Medical College) for testing as per the testing protocol set by the ICC. SRMC is accredited by the ICC as a testing centre for suspected illegal bowling actions.
Narine was first reported on September 29 during the Kolkata Knight Riders match played against the Dolphins here at the same ground by on-field umpires Anil Chaudhary and Chettithody Shamshuddin along with third umpire Kumar Dharamsena.

Singer Yesudas says women in jeans against Indian culture'Women in jeans against Indian culture'
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Thiruvananthapuram, October 02, 2014
First Published: 20:18 IST(2/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:42 IST(3/10/2014)
Comments
Veteran playback singer KJ Yesudas stirred a hornet’s nest on Thursday saying women should not ape men blindly and not attract unwanted attention through their revealing dresses. He also said  women should not cause trouble to others wearing dresses like jeans.
"Women should not cause trouble to others by wearing jeans....What should be covered should be covered," PTI quoted Yesudas as saying at a function organised by a voluntary organisation in connection with the Gandhi Jayanti celebrations in Thiruvananthapuram.
The 74-year-old singer, also a seven-time national award winner, said dresses like jeans was against Indian culture which really valued simplicity and grace as the greatest qualities of women.
“Once you wear revealing dress it provokes others.  So it should be ideal to wear attire that suits our culture,” he said.
His latest remark invited sharp criticism from many quarters and women activists have asked him to withdraw it immediately and tender an apology. Yesudas is known for taking bold position on key social issues, but his latest remark has shocked many.
Mahila Congress workers held a march outside the state secretariat here demanding the singer to withdraw his statement.
Many left organisations also decried his statement.
Though a Christian by birth, Yesudas believes in all religions.
A regular at Sabarimala and Kollur Mookambika temple he sang some of the best Muslim devotional songs and associated with many charitable activities.

Why so many rich people play golfGame on! How — and why — the rich play sports
Bryan Borzykowski
About the author
Bryan Borzykowski is a Toronto-based business writer and editor. He writes about personal finance, wealth issues and other money topics for BBC Capital and also contributes to the New York Times, CNBC, CNNMoney, Canadian Business and the Globe and Mail. He’s written three investing and personal finance books, too. Follow him on Twitter @bborzyko. 
Read more about these links.
Game on! How the rich play sports
The beauty of sports is that anyone can play, rich or poor. Have a net? A ball? A few friends? You can play.
But, like with many things, ultra-high-net-worth individuals — people with at least $30m in assets — aren’t content with simply kicking a soccer ball around a local field in a pick-up game.
The world’s wealthy tend to join expensive clubs, buy top-of-the-line equipment and participate in sports that may require massive amounts of money to support.
Why spend so much when basketball and tennis courts at the local park are free?
“It’s a ‘birds of a feather flock together’ kind of thing,” said Thomas Corley, author of Rich Habits, a book about the practices of affluent individuals. “Wealthy people like to hang around other wealthy people. Sports can open doors and help them develop contacts. They buy memberships to golf and country clubs — it’s a cool way for wealthy people to build relationships.”
Certainly the ultra-wealthy play the same sports as regular people, but take a closer look and you’ll see they don’t play the games quite the same way, or for the same reasons as everyone else.
(Thinkstock)
Golf : Business and charity on the green
All it takes is a club, a ball and a hole — and around $40 per person —  to play a local course. However, the world’s wealthy aren’t likely to spend the day with regular folks on a public course.
Rather than just playing a round at a neighbourhood course, UHNW individuals prefer to spend big on exclusive club memberships where they can golf to their heart’s content and lunch with people who have similar backgrounds.
“It doesn’t take an incredible amount of money to golf, but if you want to be part of a club it could cost hundreds of thousands of dollars to join,” said David Friedman, president of Wealth-X, a Singapore-based firm that researches UHNW topics and lifestyles.
Golf is played by 10% of all UHNW individuals, according to Wealth-X. That’s slightly higher than the about 9% of Americans who, play golf, according to the Professional Golfers' Association of America. Outside of the US, stats are hard to come by, but given that many of the world’s most expensive courses are in Europe, the Middle East and South Africa, the sport is widespread among the wealthy.
Bhushan Joshi, a Pune, India-based director of financial services consulting with consulting company Capgemini, said that golf is the most popular sport among his country’s wealthy.
It’s a social game, he said, and one where the wealthy can mingle with other rich individuals.
“It’s the best way to connect with people informally,” said Joshi. “You make a lot of friends playing a sport that’s considered to be prestigious.”
It’s also still a favourite pastime among business executives, no matter the country, he said. A lot of business gets done on the golf course and professional or semi-pro players are often invited to charity tournaments and rounds with high-ranking executives.
According to Golf Magic, a website for golf enthusiasts, club memberships can range from about £11,500 ($18,755) at Scotland’s Archerfield Links , which is home to a special Nike-created golf centre , to $392,000 at Liberty National in New Jersey in the US, where the President’s Cup, a prestigious PGA Tour event, will be played in 2017.
(Thinkstock)
Skiing: Chalets, slopes and thrills
Even middle income earners fork over a pretty penny to ride the slopes — lift tickets for two days of skiing at popular ski resort Aspen Snowmass in Colorado in the US costs $238.
Just getting to a more exclusive slope can be spendy. The wealthy can fly a private jet to Courchevel, France, for world-class skiing. PrivateFly , a private jet charter company, will fly moneyed skiers from London to nearby Chambery Airport for £11,300 ($18,450) and then send them to Courchevel via helicopter for another £1,900 ($3,102).
Most wealthy skiers also want to own their own chalet, buy the best ski equipment, enrol in technique classes and ski for days on end, said Corley. The ski chalet alone will cost a pretty penny. Prestige Property Group , an online database of international properties, has a number of multi-million dollar chalets for sale.
If you’ve got enough dough, you can rent out The Lodge, a nine-bedroom chalet in Verbier, Switzerland owned by Virgin’s Richard Branson. It costs SFr 40,695 ($43,304) for three nights or SFr 94,950 ($101,039) for a week.
If the wealthy don’t own a chalet, they’ll likely stay in a high-end ski resort that can cost thousands. According to Corley’s research, 12% of high net-worth individuals own a vacation home in a ski area. That is a high percentage given that only about 1.6% of all people in the world ski, according to the 2014 International Report on Snow & Mountain Tourism, a report written by independent consultant Laurent Vanati.  The schmooze factor is also a big part of the ski life for the rich, said Friedman.
“Not a lot of people can afford to pay $1,000 a night at least for a resort,” he said. “You need quite a bit of wealth to stay at the (top) places.”
(Jean-Marc Barrere/Getty Images)
Kabaddi: The sport of Indian billionaires
For wealthy people, playing a sport doesn’t always involve participating in the actual game itself. Some millionaires and billionaires would rather get involved by owning an entire team.
It’s not unusual for rich sports enthusiasts to buy basketball teams or football (soccer) teams. Recently, however, a hot trend has given Indian billionaires a chance to purchase a new kind of team.
Kabaddi ,  a sport that’s a cross between tag and wrestling, has been around for decades — it involves people running across a court to tag an opposing team’s player — but some recently televised tournaments have brought it back to life.  It’s not uncommon to see Bollywood stars and big-time executives attending games.
The country’s rich don’t actually play, but they do own teams in the Pro Kabaddi League, said Joshi.
“A lot of Bollywood stars have formed their own teams,” he said. “There’s a lot of glamour.”
When compared with other sports, owning a Kadabbi team isn’t that expensive. It costs about 50m rupees ($820,000) a year to run a team — it can cost more than $1bn to buy a professional sports team in North America or Europe and hundreds of millions of dollars a year to operate it — but that price could rise if Kadabbi becomes more popular.
Some of India’s biggest names have a stake in the sport, including banker Uday Kotak, who has a net worth of $6bn according to Forbes, and Kishore Biyani, chief executive officer of Future Group, a large retail conglomerate.
(Krishna Santh/Getty Images)
Sailing: Intensity and relaxation combined
Most people only come in contact with sailing every few years, when the sport is broadcast on television during the Summer Olympics or through America’s Cup, which often pits a team led by Oracle’s Larry Ellison against groups led by other billionaires from around the world.  For wealthy people, sailing can be both a relaxing weekend activity and an intense race in a lake or ocean.
According to Corley’s research, 38% of UHNW people sail “and they just love it,” he said. Most will fish off the boat or merely relax. “It can be almost like meditation,” he explained, — but others will also enter competitions against their peers.
While sailboat racing can be done on the cheap — the non-moneyed can buy a small boat second hand for a few hundred dollars — ultra high net-worth investors tend to spend hundreds of thousands, if not millions, on their yachting activities, said Paddy Boyd, executive director of Sail Canada, a Kingston, Ont.-based association that promotes the sport of sailing.
The first thing a wealthy racer will need is a boat and that can cost between $50,000 and $200,000 — and often more — depending on the make and the size.
A superyacht  — a boat larger than 24 metres in length — will be at least $10m to buy, said Friedman. American media mogul Barry Diller owns a sailboat that’s said to be worth $150m.
These boats will then need a crew. A large boat, one that you might see race in America’s Cup, would need between 15 and 20 members and each one could earn a six-figure income, said Boyd.
Then there are yacht club fees, boat storage costs and regular maintenance bills, all of which can easily add up into the thousands depending on the size of the boat, he said.
Most race entry fees are modest, usually between $20 and $250, said Boyd, but professional races can be more. Racing fees for The Vic-Maui Yacht Race, a race that goes from Victoria, British Columbia to Lahaina, Hawaii, for instance, can run between $1,600 and $2,000 depending on the size of the boat.
In general, the bigger the boat the higher the expenses.
“While the upfront cost might not seem like that much to an ultra-high-net-worth individual, annually a lot more money is going into that asset,” said Friedman.
(Thinkstock)
Horse racing: Derby dreams
For most people, a horse is fun to ride once a year at summer camp. For the world’s wealthy, these animals are a pricy passion.  While there are a number of horse-related activities that wealthy people play, such as polo, horse racing has been a popular sport among royalty and upper class citizens for centuries. There’s a reason why it’s nicknamed “the sport of kings.”
There’s one main reason why horse racing is for the rich: it can cost big money to buy an animal.
While it is possible to purchase a horse for a few thousand dollars, the most sought after ones can go for millions, said Jim Mulvihill, director of media and industry relations for the Lexington, Kentucky-based National Thoroughbred Racing Association.
In September, Keenland Association , a Kentucky-based organisation that sells horses, sold 13 yearlings — horses that are about a year old — for at least $1m with two that sold for $2.2m.
Owners then have to pay a trainer to care for the horse — that can cost about $37,000 a year, said Mulvihill — pay veterinarian costs, food expenses, blacksmith fees, thousands of dollars in transportation bills and more. It’s not hard to spend north of $100,000 a year on a horse. One thing that doesn’t cost anything is the jockey. He typically takes a cut of any prize money.
Unfortunately, paying top dollar for a horse doesn’t mean it will be a winner. In 2006, a group of wealthy Brits paid $16m for The Green Monkey, a horse that was expected to win a lot of races. After only three losing races, he was retired from competition.
Win or lose, though, horse racing is an expensive proposition and one that may not necessarily pay off. Most races pay about $100,000 to the winner.
The Kentucky Derby, one of the most famous horses races in the world, pays $2m, which isn’t a lot consider how much horses cost and that there’s only one person who takes that purse home.
“The typical horse owner isn’t doing this to make a return on their investment,” said Mulvihill. “They’re doing it because they love horses and they love the sport.”
(Thinkstock)

Yo Yo Honey Singh raps poll tune for INLDYo Yo Honey Singh raps poll tune for INLD
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Chandigarh, October 02, 2014
First Published: 19:42 IST(2/10/2014) | Last Updated: 07:59 IST(3/10/2014)
Comments
Kailash Kher’s rather tranquillising signature tune for the 2009 assembly polls — ‘Aaj ka mera yeh Haryana’ — now seems to be a passé. Enter rapper Yo-Yo Honey Singh with his bubbly Yo- Yo gailay nachega, Tau ki maati ka yo gana charon or bajega, Yo Yo gailay tum bhi gao -the infectious 2014 poll campaign theme song coined for Om Prakash Chautala's Indian National Lok Dal (INLD).
Advertisement
The song, along with the  Jeetega Jeetega Haryana Jeetega number, marks a generational change in the INLD functioning  The poll signature tunes were released on Thursday by Karan Chautala, son of INLD leader, Abhay Singh Chautala.
The Jeetega Haryana number has variants aimed at women audience and youngsters besides farmers, labourers and the one emphasising the development aspect. The Yo-Yo number has a clear target audience of young voters between 18 to 30. Both the numbers sound catchy.
Speaking to media persons Karan Chautala said their poll musicals were constructive. "We have tried to convey the ideals of Chaudhary Devi Lal to the people of the state, particularly the youth. What we think about women's safety, welfare of farmers and workers class,'' he said. On the other hand, Karan said, the publicity campaign of other parties, like the Congress were misdirected and negative.
Party leaders said that they felt it was important to have a strong connect with the youth, a big vote bank in Haryana.  INLD's young Turks- Dushyant, Digvijay (sons of Ajay Chautala) and Karan, Arjun (sons of Abhay Chautala) have been entrusted with this responsibility. "The advent of  rap in party's poll  campaign, Yo-Yo Honey Singh and visual advertisements presenting the urban-rural mix definitely indicates a major transformation in party's poll campaigning strategy,'' said an INLD leader.

Boxer Sarita may approach CAS for justiceprint
A day after making the boxing world sit up and take notice with her silent protest, L Sarita Devi told HT that there will be no apology whatsoever from her side to the Incheon Games officials or the international boxing association (AIBA) for her outburst against the judges who robbed her of a place in the final.
Even as she and her husband, Thoiba Singh, prepared to leave for India on Thursday, the belligerent stance was intact. Thoiba said he would knock on the doors of the highest international authority to bring justice to Sarita.
“We will approach the Court of Arbitration for Sports (CAS) in Lausanne and every possible level to ensure she gets her rightful place in Asian Games history. But first we will wait for the decision of the disciplinary case opened against Sarita and then decide the future course of action,” Thoiba said.
The AIBA supervisor and technical delegate for the Incheon Games, David B Francis, had submitted a report to the Olympic Council of Asia (OCA) stating that the incident “looked like a well-planned scenario by her and her team... In this regard, as the technical delegate, I had to request OCA to review this incident, so that any boxer or athlete in other sports will not follow in her footsteps….”
But Sarita categorically said: “We will not take the medal back. It’s my gift to the country.” Thoiba however said: “We will think about it when we reach India but for now we are not going to take back the medal.”
Thoiba though toned down his wife’s criticism of the support staff, saying she did not say anything against the coaching staff, including chief coach GS Sandhu. “Sarita didn’t say a word against Sandhu,” said Thoiba, though in the heat of the moment she had lambasted the entire coaching staff, saying “no one, not even my coaches, came to help me even as I cried and felt humiliated.”
Thoiba though said that she was extremely sore about the IOA and other top Indian dignitaries “witnessing the match from the VIP gallery” who did not approach her even as the time to file the protest was ran out.

CM exhorts people to make cleanliness a massmovementHRD Minister Smriti Irani takes cleanliness pledge in Anand on Thursday. (Source: Bhupendra Rana)
Written by Gopal B Kateshiya | Porbandar | Posted: October 3, 2014 4:08 am
Launching the ‘Swachchhta Abhiyan’ at Mahatma Gandhi’s birth place, Porbandar on Thursday, state Chief Minister Anandi Patel exhorted the people to make the cleanliness drive as a mass movement.
After reaching Porbandar this morning, Patel first wielded a broom and cleaned the garbage on a street leading to Kirti Mandir, where she also took part in the prayers on Gandhi’s 145th birth anniversary. Patel also posted a picture showing her cleaning the street on her official Twitter account. Below the photograph, her tweet read, “Launched statewide ‘Swachchhta Abhiyan’ at Bapu’s birth place, Porbandar”.
“During the freedom struggle, (initially) people were fighting as individuals but Gandhi turned that fight into a people’s movement by bringing them all together. If we want to clean India, it can be done only through a similar people’s movement when each individual forms a habit of not littering anywhere,” Patel said.
Echoing the words of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the CM opined that Gandhi helped India win its freedom but the country had not given anything to him in return. “Let’s take a pledge to gift Gandhi a clean India on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019. Let’s take a pledge to inculcate at least one of the values that the Mahatma lived by, in our lives and present Gandhi a clean and healthy India five years from now,” Patel told the gathering of prominent citizens of Porbandar, government officers and teachers.
Patel also said that as a woman CM, it was her dream to have a toilet for each and every woman in the state. “Porbandar has 19,000 households without toilets. As a woman CM, it is my dream to have a toilet for each and every woman in the state. We have decided to make it compulsory for elected representatives of local bodies like panchayats to build toilets in their residences within six months or they may face disqualification. We have also decided to make it mandatory for persons wanting to contest local body polls from 2015 to have a toilet at their respective homes as a pre-condition,” Patel said while speaking at another programme in Kadia Plot area of Porbandar to formally launch state-level programmes of Mahatma Gandhi Swachchhta Mission.
The state government had launched programmes since September 25 in the run up to the launch of the national mission by PM Modi on Thursday. Patel said the state government had holistic plans to make Gujarat clean by 2019. “We are providing underground drainage lines in the state. The drains flow into local dams or nullah and villages in their surroundings face problems. Therefore, we have decided to set up sewage treatment plants in municipalities by 2019 so that waste water is treated and recycled,” said Patel.
She got women to promise her that they will not litter and led the audience in taking a pledge to donate 100 hours for cleaning every year.

Disbaled couple got assurance but no flat on ground flooryetKamlesh being carried and her husband Naresh Kumar following behind, in the rehabilitation colony in Sector 38 (West) in Chandigarh. (Source: Express archives)
Written by Gagandeep Singh Dhillon | Chandigarh | Posted: October 3, 2014 3:58 am
A disabled couple living on the top storey of an EWS rehabilitation colony in Sector 38 (West) continues to run from pillar to post to get an alternative flat on the ground floor.
Kamlesh (40), who is paraplegic with 80 per cent physical disability, lives with her husband Naresh Kumar and their son on the top floor of the colony and the family leads a troubled life, as Naresh, too, is disabled. Moreover, the family frequently witnesses medical emergencies as Kamlesh has a needle embedded in her stomach, for which she needs regular medication.
“In August, I was assured by officials of the Chandigarh Housing Board that our demand would be met. Even though I had become cynical as my repeated efforts over the last five years bore no fruit, it was the first time I was given an official assurance. However, things are back to square one now. I regularly visit the CHB office where I’m rarely able to meet any official. Once an official told me that I would be called soon. But nothing ever happened. My calls to the official are also not being answered,” said Naresh, a small-time vendor, who has to spend around Rs 150 every time he goes to the CHB office in Sector 9. This is because he cannot ride a cycle and has to hire an auto-rickshaw.
Naresh added that his wife continued to suffer due to her ongoing treatment, but getting down for her was an excruciatingly painful exercise. “We are at the mercy of the neighbours who help us, but I really wish that my wife gets down permanently so that she can see the world again. In the last five years, she has only gone downstairs to go to the hospital. She has become depressed sitting all the time in her tiny room,” he said.
Sources in the CHB said that Naresh was not the only disabled person seeking a ground-floor flat. “There are 25 to 30 other such applicants living in the Dhanas colony. However, the CEO is away for training due to which the process is stalled. As soon as he comes back, we’ll start calling the applicants before the committee to assess their applications,” said an official on the condition of anonymity.
CHB secretary Mandeep Kaur, when asked about the matter, hung up the phone. Later, when contacted again, she said that she did not remember the status of Naresh’s application.

How hard is it refinance Just ask Ben BernankeBy Dina ElBoghdady October 2 Follow @DinaWaPo
(Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images)
Just in case anyone’s wondering how tough it really is to get a mortgage these days, consider this: Even Ben S. Bernanke got turned down for a loan.
The former Federal Reserve chairman revealed this tid-bit Thursday at a conference in Chicago, where he was the keynote luncheon speaker. Bernanke told the crowd that he had tried to refinance his mortgage, according to Bloomberg , but was “unsuccessful in doing so.”
“I’m not making that up,” Bernanke said when the audience laughed.
Bernanke was trying to make a point about tight lending conditions, which he said continue to hamper the housing recovery. “The housing area is one area where regulation has not yet got it right,” he said. 
Bernanke purchased his three-bedroom Capitol Hill rowhouse in 2004 for $839,000, public records show. He and his wife have refinanced the home twice since then, in 2009 and again in 2011. (That year, the Wall Street Journal reported that Bernanke owed $672,000 after refinancing.) The property was appraised at $880,700 as of last year.
Bernanke, who recently  joined the Brookings Institution as a distinguished fellow, did not say why he could not refinance this time.
Maybe he doesn’t have verifiable income now that he’s out the Fed?
 

HK leader refuses to quit to defuse tensionHK Government offices closed as protests continue
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/41394eae-49f9-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Swachh Bharat: Govt to provide Rs 20L to 6.5L villages every yr for 5 yrscampaign
(The rural development ministry…)
NEW DELHI: The rural development ministry will provide Rs 20 lakh to each village per year for the next five years under the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, taking the total annual allocation under the scheme to 6.5 lakh villages to Rs 13,000 crore per annum. This will be part of the Rs 1,34,000 crore earmarked by the government under Prime Minister Narendra Modi's pet project that aims to construct 11.11 crore toilets in rural India by 2019.
"Government will give Rs 20 lakh per annum for each village panchayat for Clean India campaign ," rural development minister Nitin Gadkari said after taking the Swachhata pledge on Thursday.
SBA will replace the Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan of the previous UPA government that had targeted sanitation for all by 2022. "This is part of the overall allocation under the national scheme. We will soon come out with guidelines on the same," Vijaylakshmi Joshi, secre tary, Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation clarified. The remaining allocation under the project will be routed through other sanitation-related scheme of the ministry to ensure that its targets are met.
Under the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan the government has increased the unit cost of individual household latrines by Rs 2,000 per unit to Rs 12,000 so as to provide for water availability, including for storing, hand-washing and cleaning of toilets.
Besides, it has de-linked it from the rural employment guarantee scheme — the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural E m p l o y m e n t Guarantee Act — and transferred the responsibility of construction of school and Anganwadi toilets to department of school education and the women and child development ministry.
The overall project cost, for both rural and urban India, has been estimated at Rs 1,96,009 crore that will help in construction of 12 crore toilets across the country. Out of this, Rs 62,000 crore will be spent in urban India for construction of toilets.
The mission will culminate on October 2, 2019, which will mark the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
FEATURED ARTICLES

MNCs hire Indians for top leadership roles i...You are here: Home > Collections
MNCs like PepsiCo, Whirlpool ,others increasingly hiring Indians for top leadership roles in China
Anumeha Chaturvedi & Prachi Verma, ET Bureau Oct 3, 2014, 10.07AM IST
Tags:
CEO
(The Chinese are known for…)
NEW DELHI: Sangeeta Sabharwal, managing partner of executive search firm Taplow Group in India, is working on a critical mandate to recruit an Indian strategist for a global IT product company in China. Her search has led her to conclude that demand for Indian talent in China is on an upswing. "Earlier, it was Indian companies, but now global MNCs are looking at hiring Indian talent in senior roles there," she says.
The Chinese are known for a tendency to obey, whereas Indians can think out of the box and challenge the status quo, which is important in roles like strategy, she adds. Atul Vohra, CEO of Transearch, has worked on several mandates for China in the infrastructure space and for mining and metals giants.
Companies are looking at setting up large procurement offices there and need senior general management professionals for roles in supply chain and sourcing. "As time progresses, China as a market for Indian talent will only grow in enormity," he says. Language barriers aside, an insular China was never known to have been a bright spot for Indians looking to find jobs there.
But, befriending the dragon seems to be getting easier now as head hunters report an increase in mandates from the country, and companies, both global and Indian, look at Indian talent to drive their China growth story. Indians working with global companies are often placed in senior roles in China in prepaation for large leadership roles in future.
Though boundary disputes and transgressions dominated recent talks between prime minister Narendra Modi and Chinese president Xi Jinping, head hunters feel there could be a shift in terms of creating greater interest among job seekers for China in the coming years, driven by partnerships between the two governments. Already, Indians are calling the shots in leadership roles in China in companies like Whirlpool, PepsiCo, Colgate Palmolive, and Philips, according to Gauri Padmanabhan, a partner at Heidrick and Struggles' New Delhi office.
Indians fit into senior roles in MNCs for roles in marketing, innovation, research and development and supply chain, where English is the official language. Pepsico sent Pavan Bhatia, its chief HR officer in India, to Greater China in 2011.
Pepsico also elevated George Covoor as general manager and VP, China Foods in March this year. PepsiCo India has been a training ground for many leaders and over the years, over 70 senior leaders from here have made their way into the company's global system, says Samik Basu, who took over from Bhatia in India.
"India is a highly competitive and complex market. It provides a unique leadership experience that is highly valued across emerging and developing markets," he adds. Senior leaders from the India business who have worked with PepsiCo in China include Vinod Rao who was the CFO, Greater China, during 2008-11. Ajay Singh Shekhawat, client partner, EMA Partners International, says his firm sees China attracting an increasing number of Indian talent for senior roles in banking and private equity in the near future.
"Other services sectors like airlines and telecom might also see various roles opening up for Indians but again only at senior levels," he said. The ability to think out of the box and greater exposure make Indians a hit in China for roles requiring innovation and consumer insights.
Citi got Anand Selvakesari, currently the consumer banking head of Asean and India, to drive its consumer banking business in China. Prior to his role in India, Selvakesari was head of consumer banking in Citi China from 2008. Under his leadership, the franchise is said to have grown multi-fold to become an industry leader in innovation with many firstto-market products.
 
Through Indian talent, China could look at strengthening its services backbone. Navnit Singh, chairman and managing director of India for Korn/Ferry International, says Indians are moving into companies in automobiles, IT services and manufacturing. "In such MNCs, Indians are either in a CEO position or a notch below," he says. China's manufacturing sector is slowing down, and it might look at positioning itself as a services country. But this will easily take five to 10 years, he adds.
This is one trend worth watching out for
FEATURED ARTICLES

Retailers e-tailing mobiles at a discountElectronics retail chains like The Mobile Store and UniverCell are selling some phones cheaper online than store price
Writankar Mukherjee, ET Bureau Oct 3, 2014, 05.56AM IST
Tags:
Electronics retail chains
( Chains such as The Mobile…)
KOLKATA: If you can't beat them, join them. India's top brick-and mortar electronics retail chains , which have stoutly resisted giving discounts in their online ventures, have seen their resolve crumble and have had to change tack, in some instances matching prices with the big three e-commerce marketplaces — Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal.
According to top industry executives, chains such as The Mobile Store , UniverCell and Sangeetha Mobiles, have started to offer devices online at prices that are up to 7% lower for some models than what's on the sticker at real-world stores.
Some like Croma have been partnering with Amazon and Snapdeal, where products are offered at a discount. For instance, while a 16GB iPhone 5s sells at Rs 44,500 in retail chains, it's available on Amazon from Croma at Rs 38,999. The Nokia Lumia 520 is sold at UniverCell's own e-store at Rs 6,499,lower even than the Flipkart price of Rs 6,999.
The BlackBerry Z3 sells for Rs 15,200 at offline stores while on the The MobileStore's estore it costs Rs 14,595, matching the price on Flipkart. The discounts available at ecommerce sites are driven by the online marketplaces themselves by way of reducing their own margins, said Ajit Joshi, managing director and CEO of Infiniti Retail, the holding company of the Croma chain. "
"While we always strive to have the same promotions on our e-commerce site and stores, we do customise a few products and offer to make them more relevant for online, based on the purchase pattern of our customers," Joshi said. UniverCell Telecommunications founder D Sathish Babu said the retailer plans to offer the best online price on some specific models.
"This strategy will help to acquire and retain customers, since customers who go online invariably look for the best price and discounting," said Babu. At the same time, four of South India's top cellphone retail hains — UniverCell, Sangeetha Mobile, Poorvika Mobiles and Big C Mobiles — which together run more than 1,200 stores have teamed up to negotiate with cellphone brands to launch exclusive models such as the Google One handsets and Samsung's Galaxy S5 Mini that are only available online.
"We have together approached brands like Samsung and Micromax to launch exclusive models for us. Since the business in the store and walk-ins have come down, we have to develop our online business or be left brooding about it later," said Sangeetha Mobiles managing director Subhash Chandra.
"In a way, it's a Catch-22 situation. Either we are left out or we too join the e-commerce bandwagon," Chandra said. Last month, the Sangeetha Mobiles online venture Shopno47. com and Viveks Retail announced partnerships with eBay India. More such deals are in the pipeline, industry officials said.
A senior executive with a retail chain said that while brickand-mortar retailers were not making much profit and even selling at breakeven prices online, they earn money by picking up more inventory from the brands where the margins are 2-4% more.
"Our online prices may not always be the lowest, but still the gap is getting bridged since there is no point losing business," the executive said.
"The brands sometimes make an issue about such discounting, but we show them how such low pricing is the market-operating price in online portals," the executive said. Electronics retailers were the first to flag the issue of online discounting and have been in talks with manufacturers since last year to offer higher margins to sell at such prices in their physical and online stores. While most manufacturers have declined to offer extra margins, some of the newer, struggling brands are open to such deals on certain models. However, brands such as Samsung have taken a strong stand and started to curb supplies to sellers who are not maintaining company pricing.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Telecom sector may create 4 million jobsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Good news for India as oil slips below $93 a bblThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Private  public companies like Dabur  TCS  Indian Oil  GAIL and others pledge support to Swachh Bharat missionThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Wall Street Ends Flat  Small Caps Rebound in Volatile DayYou are here: Home Market
Wall Street Ends Flat, Small Caps Rebound in Volatile Day
Reuters | Updated On: October 03, 2014 07:51 (IST)
Why Hindalco, Sesa Sterlite Have Jumped Over 3%
New York:
US stocks ended flat in a volatile session on Thursday as energy stocks rebounded and investors bought beaten-down shares, especially small caps.
The S&P broke a three-day string of losses, recovering from a drop of as much as 1 per cent, to close with the slimmest of gains. Earlier, it had briefly dipped below its 150-day moving average, a level it hasn't closed below since November 2012.
In late trading, investors temporarily set aside worries about weak economic growth and rich valuations that have hit stocks of late and added to volatility. The CBOE Volatility Index, Wall Street's favored gauge of investor anxiety, closed at 16.16, down 3.3 per cent, after earlier reaching 17.98, its highest since March.
Small-cap stocks also reversed direction. The Russell 2000 ended up 1 per cent and is now down about 9.3 per cent from its March record, exiting correction territory.
"We're going to have to wait a few days and see whether this can be a meaningful bottom relative to what we've seen so far," said Bruce McCain, chief investment strategist at Key Private Bank in Cleveland, Ohio.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 3.66 points, or 0.02 per cent, to 16,801.05, the S&P 500 gained 0.01 points to 1,946.17 and the Nasdaq Composite added 8.11 points, or 0.18 per cent, to 4,430.20.
The S&P's 0.01 point gain was its smallest since April 24, 2013.
Markets had been pressured early after a press conference by European Central Bank head Mario Draghi, whose discussion of additional stimulus for the euro zone disappointed some investors. European stocks finished with steep losses.
Energy stocks, which had been down for much of the session, gained 0.4 per cent. US crude rebounded after falling below $90 for the first time since April last year, and Brent crude also finished well off the day's lows.
Friday's market direction will likely be determined by the September jobs report, expected to show 215,000 jobs added. The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits unexpectedly fell last week, pointing to a stronger labour market.
About 7.7 billion shares changed hands on US exchanges, above the 6.1 billion average last month, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
The largest percentage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was Wayfair, up 30.1 per cent, while the largest percentage decliner was Atento SA, down 13.6 per cent.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by 1,645 to 1,429, for a 1.15-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,730 issues rose and 959 fell for a 1.80-to-1 ratio favouring advancers. The benchmark S&P 500 index posted three new 52-week highs and 25 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 21 new highs and 164 new lows.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

China services growth dips to 8-mth low: Off...China services growth dips to 8-month low in September as orders sag: Official PMI
By Reuters | 3 Oct, 2014, 08.11AM IST
0
Share More
Lacklustre activity in the housing sector weighed on overall new orders, which fell to 49.5, a level not seen since December 2008 and down from 50 in August.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: China's services sector grew at its slowest pace in eight months in September after new orders shrank for the first time since the 2008 global financial crisis, a survey showed on Friday, exposing more weakness in the world's second-largest economy.
The official non-manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) edged down to 54.0 in September from 54.4 in August, the National Bureau of Statistics said, but still well above the 50-point mark demarcating growth on the month from a contraction.
In a sign that China's cooling property market remained a key drag on the economy, the PMI showed the real estate sector shrank in September, alongside other industries such as logistics and aviation.
Lacklustre activity in the housing sector weighed on overall new orders, which fell to 49.5, a level not seen since December 2008 and down from 50 in August.
"The 'Golden September' peak season in the property sector did not materialise. The market tracked a weak trend and activity was on the subdued side," said Wu Wei, an official at the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing , which helps to publish the PMI.
Friday's data raised questions about whether China's move this week to cut mortgage rates and downpayment levels for some home buyers would be enough to revive its sagging housing market and rejuvenate its sputtering economic momentum.
Indeed, the PMI showed the property, aviation, catering and environmental protection industries all took in fewer orders last month.
Overall slack caused employment in the sector to shrink for the third consecutive month as a sub-index for jobs inched down to 49.5 from 49.6 in August.
Services made up about 46 percent of China's economy in 2013, having overtaken manufacturing as the country's biggest employer in 2011. The government hopes to grow the sector further to overtake manufacturing as the bigger engine of the economy.

Artist Depicts School Shooting Perpetrators Using News Clippings From Around The Worldreddit
For the past four years, Finland-based artist Harri Pälviranta has been crafting portraits based on a grim kind of subject matter -- school shootings. The series, " News Portraits ," depicts the perpetrators of the 10 most fatal school shootings since 1999, crafting the eerie faces of violent offenders from old news clippings dating back to the tragic crimes. From the United States to Finland, Brazil and Germany, the portraits quite literally put a face to violence in schools across the globe.
News portrait # 10 (school shooters Harris & Klebold, USA), 132 x 150 cm, archival pigment print on Dibond, framed, 2014, Ed. 5 + 2 ap, Harri Pälviranta
The project's timeline begins in April 1999, when two armed teenagers entered Columbine High School in Littleton, Colorado and opened fire on students and teachers before taking their own lives. Pälviranta's image of Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold, seen above, shows the faces of two smiling teenagers, each pieced together from black and white reports on their massacre. The news clippings work as the canvas, with headlines bearing the words "armed men," "shooting," "slaying" and "death," peeking out from behind the shaded faces.
Pälviranta's series showcases five instances of school shootings in the United States alone, a country that has seen over 74 outbreaks of violence in schools since December of 2012. The first reported school shooting in the US, is said to have taken place in the 1700s , when four individuals from the Lenape tribe in Greencastle, Pennsylvania killed their schoolmaster and 10 students. While mass shootings have persisted well into the 21st century, gun control laws continue to be a debated subject .
Viewers may remember the remaining American names of those pictured in "News Portraits": Adam Lanza from Newtown, Connecticut; Virginia Tech student Seung-Hui Cho; Jeff Weise from Red Lake, Minnesota; and former Northern Illinois University student Steven Kazmierczak.
The five international shootings took place across three countries, two in Europe and one in South America. In Finland, the Jokela school massacre in 2007 took nine lives including the killer Pekka-Eric Auvinen, and the Kauhajoki school shooting in 2008 resulted in 11 deaths including that of gunman Matti Juhani Saari. In Germany, the Erfurt massacre in 2002 took 17 lives including gunman Robert Steinhäuser's, while the Winnenden school shooting in 2009 ended in 16 deaths including the suicide of Tim Kretschmer. Finally, in Brazil, a shooting at Tasso da Silveira Municipal School resulted in 13 deaths, including the perpetrator Wellington Oliveira.
"Like Susan Sontag has said, photographs of agony not only remind the viewers of the explicit issues presented in the photographs, but also of the existence of a culture of violence in general," Pälviranta explained in a statement to HuffPost. His series not only memorializes the horrific events, but sheds a light on the ways in which media outlets present the drama.
"School shootings are vastly mediated phenomena," he added. "Mediatization has both positive and negative effects. On the one hand, the presentations of the shooters can construct a myth around them, and thus constitute an idol. This sort of heroizing may encourage copycat behavior and celebration. On the other hand, the presentations [make it so that] people can confront the horrible act from a safe distance."
You can see some of the headlines and imagery used in the media narratives behind these 10 shootings below. For more on Pälviranta's work, see his website here .
News portrait # 9 (school shooter Kazmierczak, USA), 151 x 132 cm, archival pigment print on Dibond, framed, 2014 Ed. 5 + 2 ap, Harri Pälviranta
lanza
News portrait # 5 (school shooter Lanza, USA), 151 x 132 cm, archival pigment print on Dibond, framed, 2013, Ed. 5 + 2 ap, Harri Pälviranta
News portrait # 11 (school shooters Oliveira, Brazil), 151 x 132 cm, archival pigment print on Dibond, framed, 2014, Ed. 5 + 2 ap, Harri Pälviranta
News portrait # 1 (school shooter Saari, Finland), 151 x 132 cm, archival pigment print on Dibond, framed, 2010, Ed. 5 + 2 ap, Harri Pälviranta
News portrait # 7 (school shooter Steinhäuser, Germany), 151 x 132 cm, archival pigment print on Dibond, framed, 2013. Ed. 5 + 2 ap, Harri Pälviranta
News portrait # 3 (school shooter Auvinen, Finland), 151 x 132 cm, archival pigment print on Dibond, framed, 2010, Ed. 5 + 2 ap, Harri Pälviranta
News portrait # 6 (school shooter Cho, USA), 151 x 132 cm, archival pigment print on Dibond, framed, 2013, Ed. 5 + 2 ap, Harri Pälviranta
News portrait # 4 (school shooter Kretschmer, Germany), 151 x 132 cm, archival pigment print on Dibond, framed, 2013, Ed. 5 + 2 ap, Harri Pälviranta
News portrait # 8 (school shooter Weise, USA) 151 x 132 cm, archival pigment print on Dibond, framed, 2013, Ed. 5 + 2 ap, Harri Pälviranta
Detail
Installation shot
Installation shot
"News Portraits" was shortlisted for the £20,000 MAC International Award . All shortlisted artists will be on display at The MAC galleries in Belfast, Ireland from October 31, 2014 to January 18, 2015. The series will also be exhibited in a solo show in Tampere Art Museum in Finland from November 21, 2014 to January 4, 2015. And in autumn 2015, German publisher Kehrer Verlag will publish the series as book.
More:

Asian stocks turn defensive on Hong Kong unrestThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Jessie J blames social media for killing romanceThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hohohoho....hangsrng down 300Platinum Member
23 Followers
I  THINK when markets open on tuesday,it will slip initially but any good news may take it up on closing.chances are it will be choppy n drag it down.no positive news at the moment.syria n iraq are two dragging factors.
7.37 PM Oct 3rd

Hi anand just take a look at setco auto it is another jbm in making.pl...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Same may happen with 7500 call trading at 485......it will also be zer...307 Followers
molly...now I know why u five starred me in rei board!
that shift to oct puts immediately after sept expiry was a bit tricky for me due to high premium.
I am no longer worried after seeing sgx nifty figures on 2 and three.
any way I will encash my puts sometimes next week and then buy them again if they become weak due to a bounce back in nifty.
best wishes...do not stray in to rei agro...it is a king cobra that took many lives.

7700 nifty call trading at 307 ......will be zero307 Followers
molly...now I know why u five starred me in rei board!
that shift to oct puts immediately after sept expiry was a bit tricky for me due to high premium.
I am no longer worried after seeing sgx nifty figures on 2 and three.
any way I will encash my puts sometimes next week and then buy them again if they become weak due to a bounce back in nifty.
best wishes...do not stray in to rei agro...it is a king cobra that took many lives.

Behind The Scenes Of Our Tense Segment Onreddit
Migizi is a member of the 1491s , the comedy group that was featured on The Daily Show last week.
A couple of weeks back, the 1491s got an email from a producer at The Daily Show hosted by Jon Stewart. They were recruiting for a panel discussion regarding the Washington Redskins, and the mascot controversy that surrounds the team. And they wanted us -- a Native American sketch comedy/video group that tackles everything from Indian Country politics to fart jokes -- to weigh in. As a writer, educator, satirist and smart-ass, I was excited about the opportunity. While we love the reach that YouTube, Facebook, Twitter and other Internet avenues provide, there's something bewitching about being on national TV, and on a show we respect.
Less than a week after we got the email, three members of our group -- including me -- were whisked away to our nation's capital for two full days of shooting. The morning after we arrived, a Saturday, we learned more about the premise of the shoot. There would be two panels: pro-Redskins fans (as in, pro-mascot, pro-dressing up as Indian, anti-name changers) and anti-mascot activists, which included the three of us joined by five other indigenous panelists. The plan was to let the first panel make their case: talk about how the mascot honors Natives, that the name "Redskins" only refers to fans of the team and not Native Americans -- standard pro-mascot arguments. Then, at a designated point, the host, Jason Jones, would ask, "Would you say all of this stuff directly to a Native American?" To which they'd presumably say, "Yes," and then Jones would cue us to enter. The panel would be embarrassed, we'd be indignant, they'd be on their way -- appropriately uncomfortable -- and then we'd get our chance to talk.
Simple.
After a long wait in an adjacent green room, completely cut off visually and aurally from the pro-Redskins panel, we were finally asked in. We entered the room, looked indignant, and there was a wonderfully uncomfortable silence. Jones played the buffoon, eating some wings and drinking a beer. But then, one of the pro-mascot fellas started to defend their position, and everything derailed. This is the part you don't really see in its full glory on the segment: As some of the anti-mascot activists started in passionately on the issue, pro-mascot panelist Kelli O'Dell, who was previously employed by the Washington Redskins and whose Internet presence is devoted to her support of the team and mascot, started to cry. My ever-dapper 1491s colleague, Bobby Wilson, offered her his own handkerchief. It was an intense situation, but never mean-spirited. O'Dell, though, started to accuse us of ambushing and lying and "how dare you." (Later, after the shoot but before the episode aired, it would be reported by the Washington Post, The Huffington Post, Time, Gawker, Uproxx, Buzzfeed and CBS that she felt in danger and this experience would smear her name.)
Sobbing and accusatory, she and the others left. From there, we took a break to reset the room, and we did our panel. This one went incredibly well and I'm proud to have been a part of it. The producer, crew and Jones were wonderful to us, and we all walked out of there with hugs and smiles. It was 180 degrees from the previous panel, and we were happy about it.
The next morning, football Sunday, the three of us went to FedEx Field as part of the show. The Daily Show taped us wandering around the "Redskins Nation" tailgate, though that never made it on air. I, rather naively, thought maybe we'd be able use our presence at the tailgate as a way to showcase our humanity, and let the Washington Team know that there are Native Americans out there who are among them -- real people not relegated to the eternal myth of history. Maybe we'd change a mind or two. Or, at least, maybe some ignorant hilarity could be caught on camera. It was worth a try, so with a camera crew following us, one little, two little and a third big Indian struck out into FedEx Field's Redskin Nation tailgate.
That did not go as I'd hoped.
There were points during that hour-long experience where I actually was afraid for my life. I have never been so blatantly threatened, mocked or jeered. It was so intense, so full of vitriol that none of the footage ended up being used in the segment. I'm a big dude -- 6'1", and a lotta meat on the bones. But a blonde little wisp of a girl completely freaked me out as I waited in line for the bathroom. "Is that shirt supposed to be funny?" she asked motioning to my satirical "Caucasians" T-shirt. And then she said, "I'll fucking cut you." Actually, she didn't scare me so much as the wannabe linebackers standing behind her who looked like they wanted to make good on her threat.
On one level, I get it. I'm walking around with an ironic T-shirt on, being a Native in the middle of FedEx Field with a camera crew from The Daily Show nearby. But amid the jeers, mocking and threats, did I cry, and accuse them of ambush? No, because I knew what I was getting myself into. It's The Daily Show. I know the format. More than that though, I didn't back down or break down because I knew in my heart and conscience I was doing the right thing, as silly as the method may have been.
I think back to the tailgate: the man blowing cigar smoke in my face, the man who mockingly yelled, "Thanks for letting us use your name!", the group who yelled at us to "go the fuck home," the little waif who threatened to cut me, the dude who blew the train horn on his truck as I walked by the hood. I think of all of that, and I think back to O'Dell crying and trying desperately to get out of the room full of calm Natives. I thought she was crying because she was caught unawares and was afraid. But I realized that was her defense mechanism, and that by overly dramatizing her experience, she continued to trivialize ours. It was privilege in action. And as I realized these things, something else became incredibly clear: she knew she was wrong.
_______

Photos: Things you didn t know about GandhiCrime
Rare photos from Mahatma Gandhi's life
Generations to come, it may well be, will scarce believe that such a man as this one ever in flesh and blood walked upon this Earth - Albert Einstein
1. Mahatma Gandhi, the father of the nation, was not an outspoken leader in his school days. In his The Story of My Experiments with Truth, Gandhi says that he would often run home from school as he ... more 
1. Mahatma Gandhi, the father of the nation, was not an outspoken leader in his school days. In his The Story of My Experiments with Truth, Gandhi says that he would often run home from school as he could not "bear to talk to anybody." less 
1 / 30
Getty Images | Photo by Getty Images
Tue 1 Oct, 2013 2:30 PM IST

Injured Rohit Sharma to miss Windies ODIsMore
Injured Rohit Sharma to miss West Indies ODIs
Rohit Sharma, who missed the Champions League Twenty20 due to multiple injuries, will be unavailable for the limited-overs' leg of India's home series against the West Indies.
By Amol Karhadkar | ESPNcricinfo –  Wed 1 Oct, 2014 5:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
Rohit Sharma , who missed the Champions League Twenty20 due to multiple injuries, will be unavailable for the limited-overs' leg of India's home series against the West Indies. Rohit is likely to be available for the three-Test series, starting October 30, that follows the five ODIs and one-off T20.
Multiple injuries have done Rohit in. (Reuters)
Rohit was initially ruled out for four weeks, which meant he could have recovered in time for the last two ODIs and the T20 game. But though his fractured finger has healed, it is understood he will take three more weeks to recover from his shoulder injury. Sharma is being monitored by BCCI physios at the National Cricket Academy in Bangalore.
It is also understood that neither the player nor the selectors are willing to rush him back to international cricket considering the major assignments that follow the West Indies series. The selectors and the team management believe Rohit will be a vital cog during India's winter tour to Australia and the World Cup to be staged in Australia and New Zealand in February-March. As a result, he will not be considered for selection for the first leg of the series against West Indies. The ODI and T20 squads will be named on October 4.
Ajinkya Rahane , who scored his maiden ODI century while filling in for Rohit in England, should continue to partner Shikhar Dhawan at the top of the order, while the selectors are likely to persist with Murali Vijay as the back-up opener.
Rohit could be asked to prove his match fitness before he is selected for the Test series. If he recovers as per schedule, Rohit could feature in the Duleep Trophy semi-final if West Zone beat East Zone in their quarterfinal. If West Zone do not qualify for the Duleep semis, Rohit might be selected in the Board President's XI, which will face the West Indians in a three-day tour game in Kanpur from October 25.
Rohit played only one of India's five Tests in England and had to cut short his tour after fracturing his finger in the field during the second ODI.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

India beat Pakistan in Asian Games 2014 hockey final to clinch goldE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PM congratulates Indian hockey team  women athletesPM congratulates Indian hockey team, women athletes
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, October 2:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today congratulated the hockey team and women athletes who won gold medals in Incheon Asian Games, saying the winners have made India very proud.
"Very good day for India at the Asian Games," he tweeted.
"Congrats to our Hockey Team & congrats to our women athletes for the Gold in 4x400 metres relay," he added in another tweet.
India defeated Pakistan 4-2 to bag the gold medal in the Asian Games men's hockey after a gap of 16 years and also sealed a direct entry into the 2016 Rio Olympic Games.
Indian women also bagged gold in 4x400 relay race.
"I have been closely following India's progress at the Asian Games & I congratulate every medal winner. You make India very proud," the Prime Minister said.
India added five medals today to jump to the ninth position in the overall standings in the 17th Asian Games with a total haul of 55 -- 9 gold, 9 silver and 37 bronze.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Maharashtra battle lines drawn: 288 seats  4 117 candidates11
0
Mumbai: Battle lines have been drawn in Maharashtra, where as many as 4,117 candidates are in the fray for 288 Assembly seats which will go to the polls on October 15 as major parties get ready for campaign blitzkrieg.
A total 7,646 nominations were received by the Election Commission which found 6,496 of them valid after scrutiny. Of them, 2,379 candidates withdrew their nomination, leaving 4,117 in the poll scenario. Wednesday was the last day of withdrawal of papers.
The highest number of candidates (39) are in Nanded South, while the lowest (5 each) are contesting from Guhaghar and Akole segments.
Battle lines have been drawn in Maharashtra, where as many as 4,117 candidates are in the fray for 288 Assembly seats which will go to the polls on October 15.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #congress #bjp #ncp
As many as 8.33 crore voters are eligible to exercise their franchise at 9,1427 polling stations. Counting of votes will take place on October 19.
A multi-cornered poll battle is on the cards in Maharashtra, where four parties--Congress, Shiv Sena, BJP and NCP--will take on each other after their respective alliances came apart as they failed to reach seat-sharing arrangements.
Raj Thackeray-led MNS, which had fared poorly in the Lok Sabha elections, will be another party which will be keenly watched in these polls.
Congress and BJP have roped in their senior leaders, including Chief Ministers, for campaigning which is expected is pick up momentum in the coming days.
1

With a broom in hand  MPs  govt officers join Clean India campaignL K Advani launches a cleanliness drive in Ahmedabad on Thursday. (Source: Express photo by javed raj)
Express News Service | Vadodara | Posted: October 3, 2014 4:17 am
Keeping in view the nationwide ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan’, several government bodies, private groups and NGOs on Thursday joined the cleanliness campaign across Gujarat.
Almost entire state government staff, including city mayors, municipal officials, political leaders, police officers, teachers and professors, along with various NGOs participated in the ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’ on Thursday. They also took an oath for a cleaner nation.
In Ahmedabad,Gandhinagar MP Lal Krishna Advani joined the campaign from by cleaning the area around Vastrapur Lake in west Ahmedabad. Later, he went to Income Tax circle to pay tribute at the statue of Mahatma Gandhi . Officers and staff of Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC), including the commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra and Mayor Meenaxi Patel, too joined the campaign from various parts of the city.
In Surat, along with government officials, Surat city MP Darshana Jardosh, Surat Navsari MP C R Patil, and other political leaders were seen cleaning passage, stair case, walls, roads and gardens.
Surat city mayor Nirajan Jajmera Municipal commissioner Milind Torwane, municipal councillors were spotted cleaning the roads. Surat police commissioner Rakesh Asthaana along with his staff was seen cleaning the police bhavan garden, while Surat district collector Dr Rajender Kumar and his officials were seen cleaning the premises of the Collectorate.
Also, all officials involved in this drive took an oath that they would spend at least two hours in a week for keeping their area and work place clean.
Surat city Mayor Niranjan Jajmera said, “Like a festival everybody was involved in the cleanliness drive. We all enjoyed doing the work keeping aside our post and dignity. Earlier, Surat city was among the top cleanest cities across the country and now we want to achieve the same post again and for that residents’ devotion is required.”

CM exhorts people to make cleanliness a mass movementHRD Minister Smriti Irani takes cleanliness pledge in Anand on Thursday. (Source: Bhupendra Rana)
Written by Gopal B Kateshiya | Porbandar | Posted: October 3, 2014 4:08 am
Launching the ‘Swachchhta Abhiyan’ at Mahatma Gandhi’s birth place, Porbandar on Thursday, state Chief Minister Anandi Patel exhorted the people to make the cleanliness drive as a mass movement.
After reaching Porbandar this morning, Patel first wielded a broom and cleaned the garbage on a street leading to Kirti Mandir, where she also took part in the prayers on Gandhi’s 145th birth anniversary. Patel also posted a picture showing her cleaning the street on her official Twitter account. Below the photograph, her tweet read, “Launched statewide ‘Swachchhta Abhiyan’ at Bapu’s birth place, Porbandar”.
“During the freedom struggle, (initially) people were fighting as individuals but Gandhi turned that fight into a people’s movement by bringing them all together. If we want to clean India, it can be done only through a similar people’s movement when each individual forms a habit of not littering anywhere,” Patel said.
Echoing the words of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the CM opined that Gandhi helped India win its freedom but the country had not given anything to him in return. “Let’s take a pledge to gift Gandhi a clean India on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019. Let’s take a pledge to inculcate at least one of the values that the Mahatma lived by, in our lives and present Gandhi a clean and healthy India five years from now,” Patel told the gathering of prominent citizens of Porbandar, government officers and teachers.
Patel also said that as a woman CM, it was her dream to have a toilet for each and every woman in the state. “Porbandar has 19,000 households without toilets. As a woman CM, it is my dream to have a toilet for each and every woman in the state. We have decided to make it compulsory for elected representatives of local bodies like panchayats to build toilets in their residences within six months or they may face disqualification. We have also decided to make it mandatory for persons wanting to contest local body polls from 2015 to have a toilet at their respective homes as a pre-condition,” Patel said while speaking at another programme in Kadia Plot area of Porbandar to formally launch state-level programmes of Mahatma Gandhi Swachchhta Mission.
The state government had launched programmes since September 25 in the run up to the launch of the national mission by PM Modi on Thursday. Patel said the state government had holistic plans to make Gujarat clean by 2019. “We are providing underground drainage lines in the state. The drains flow into local dams or nullah and villages in their surroundings face problems. Therefore, we have decided to set up sewage treatment plants in municipalities by 2019 so that waste water is treated and recycled,” said Patel.
She got women to promise her that they will not litter and led the audience in taking a pledge to donate 100 hours for cleaning every year.

Retail investors latch on to IPOsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sahara chief s aunt passes awayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Kamal Haasan invites millions for Clean India campaignThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

I dont think so dear biyguru61. you my have to wait a bit more in thin...Platinum Member
324 Followers
SQS now crossed 600 two months ahead of estimated time (this year end was predicted) long back. Those who have doubt on the prospect of Thinksoft, may leave the counter and encash the gains. However,  next short term level expected is around 750 and long term, by Dec 2015 the stock is expected to reach 1500 level. Many intermittent fluctuations are inevitable to break the nerves of short term investors in its journey ahead to 1500.  Hold it firmly without any worry. If any major change in perception occurs, which needs a review of stand and warrants coming out, then all effotrs will be made to give immediate intimation on this board to all friends. - CRESTCLUB

10 not breached... 13(12.xx) proved to be the pivot. rever...Platinum Member
47 Followers
BlackBlades...retail is around ~16% (Upto 1 Lakh) out of which the faint hearted and low volume one`s would be a pittance. I don`t think that would impact the price in such a way. Funny part of the group is, these guys are the ones who would be expecting it to go on UC forever and will never sell the moment it goes up. It is the same group which would lick wounds when it goes down even 50% from their avg price and still wouldn`t sell thinking the share would up in next quarter.
I only see panic buying by our fellow boarders...retail selling by fellow boarders is negligible....
BTW Navratra / Vijayadashmi wishes to all...with the blessings of God of knowledge guide us to get God of prosperity & God of health to settle down in homes permanently...

Hello sanjeev bro...what`s up remember mePlatinum Member
23 Followers
I  THINK when markets open on tuesday,it will slip initially but any good news may take it up on closing.chances are it will be choppy n drag it down.no positive news at the moment.syria n iraq are two dragging factors.
7.37 PM Oct 3rd

Why rbi is pessimistic while fitch is optimisticCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Investments in Hindi GECs are more calibrated this time: Viacom 18 CEOAjita Shashidhar      Follow @AjitaShashidhar    Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 11:10 IST
Viacom 18 CEO Sudhanshu Vats
Sudhanshu Vats, CEO, Viacom 18, believes that Indian consumers have an inexhaustible appetite for content. In a conversation with Ajita Shashidhar, Vats talks in detail about why he thinks launching more channels, especially Hindi general entertainment channels, makes good business sense for broadcasters. Excerpts:
 
Q- Why are broadcasters launching so many Hindi General Entertainment Channels (GECs)?
A- My own judgement is, as the Indian media and entertainment market grows, one of the ways to grow will be through segmentation. There will be need for more and more targeted offerings in order to capture all of India.
Q- But aren't we segmenting by launching a whole host of special interest channels?
A- Segmentation is at various levels. The most fundamental segmentation in an Indian context is in terms of language, which is where regional GECs have come up. That is already a 10-plus year phenomena. Most broadcasters already have an offering as far as regional channels are concerned. So, that itself is a segmentation which basically is language led. That has been very successful and has indeed managed to grow markets. So, first it was South India, which has very distinct languages, then it was Bengali, which is a large market now. The most recent has been Marathi, where there is a largish overlap with Hindi, but the market is growing.
The other way to look at segmentation is what we have done in the kids space. We used to have one kids channel called Nick. We now have Sonic, which is action and adventure targeted at kids above  eight. Then we have Nick Junior, which is pre-school. We are now beginning to see traction. So, there is some gestation in investment. But is there light at the end of the tunnel? Unequivocally so. Now, Sonic has advertisers on board.
We have also done MTV Indies, which is celebrating an entire independent culture. Again, early days, but I am sure it is absolutely the right thing to do and we will see traction as we go forward. So, segmentation in general is something that will stay.
There is scope for audience segmentation even in the GECs. In Colors, for instance, over the last couple of years, we have experimented within sub-genres. We have been very successful in comedy with Comedy Nights With Kapil. We have also looked at crime. Within the GECs there is room for classic saas-bahu, comedy, crime, youth romance. We are all trying that space. In general, where I am coming from, is this macro theme of segmentation.
Let me now step back and talk to you why I think fundamentally it's the right thing to do. If you look at the consumer lens, you will see that India is becoming more and more urban, at least in its thinking. They may not be necessarily residing in urban India, but in terms of thinking, they are becoming urban. Urbanisation is also on the growth path. So, there is growth in income and growth in literacy/education, which leads to stronger development of individual identity. We were a very collective cultural society, which is going to move towards individual identity. We will remain family-centric, but there will be a dialling up of individual identity. As individual identity gets dialled up, people want to consume what they want to consume, that is where the entire piece of segmentation is very important. So, it comes from two lenses - one, it is a very diverse country, so you need to cater to different constituencies, but there is also a latent desire within a so-called homogenous segment which wants customised content. Segmentation is also getting enabled by screens. We keep saying India is a single TV household country, but that is a flawed way of looking at it, as India is a multi-screen country. There are smartphones, iPads, laptops. Technically, you can consume content on all these screens.
Even in TV per se, almost 12 per cent of India is now more than one TV household. This will roughly translate to a third of urban India. So, a third of urban India already has more than one TV, if you were to be myopic to look at only TV. Therefore, is there room for us to beam more content? The answer is an unequivocal yes.
Lastly, is there capacity to carry all this content? That is where digitisation comes in. Digitisation expands the pipe to carry content. The development of 3G and 4G allows you to carry content from a Wi-Fi perspective. So, between a Wi-Fi and digitisation context, I think there is now capacity being built to carry that content.
 
Q- But why more Hindi GECs? In 2008, a host of new channels were launched, of which only Colors survived. What has changed today?
A- Within Hindi GECs, is there room for more than one GEC? To me, the answer is yes. It is different from 2008 on two counts: A lot of this action this time is from existing broadcasters, and they in my judgement bring in greater knowledge and experience as they have been around for long. The second thing they bring in is much better understanding of the business model, and the third thing they bring in is the area where you can look whether there are any synergies and how they can be calibrated. So the approach is a little more calibrated. In 2008, there were newer players, because their understanding was that the market will expand in a big way and the attempt was to challenge the existing players. It was also more of the same in terms of content, but this time around it is a little bit more targeted.
The other piece is being able to cater to a more metro-centric audience and rest of the audience. Our second offering is free-to-air, which is a model that caters to the rest of the audience. We are trying to make it holistic. Rishtey consists of marquee Colors shows, quality kids programming, a music block and the fourth piece is the leading non-fiction programming.
Q- Are you looking at doing original programming for Rishtey?
A- We have to see as it evolves.
 
Q- Most broadcasters are doing original content for their newer channels unlike you. Creating new content is an expensive proposition. Won't it hurt profitability?
A- It is a little risky, but it depends on two things. It depends on the business model that you device. In this case, I think they do want to have both the revenue streams of advertising and subscription and their judgement is that it is possible over a period of time to garner sufficient eyeballs to have a business model . The gestation of this business may be a little high. They might be calibrating the investment in the sense that the number of original hours of programming will slowly be built. So, if today there is six hours of original programming on the existing GECs, it will be lesser in the newer channels. The per-episode content cost may be lower than the flagship channel.
In content there is always risk, but if you hedge the risk and there is a sensible way which allows you to do things in a more calibrated fashion, the answer is yes. That's the most fundamental difference this time around.
Q- How has been the advertiser response to Rishtey?
A- To be honest, our signal is a few months old. As of now, the response has been good, but [these are] early days, as we still need to see how we further stabilise this as we move forward.
Q- One of the major reasons why most broadcasters are launching newer channels is because of digitisation. However, the yield from digitisation in terms of subscription revenue has been far from satisfactory. Won't it effect the profitability of new launches?
A- Digitisation in India is half complete. If you look at Phase I and II, digitisation of the signal has happened. Therefore, the boxes have got seeded, but what hasn't happened is addressability and education of the consumer to dial up the user experience to the next level. This is because you don't have subscription information as you need to have.
 
The second thing that has not happened is the education of the consumer from the point of view of packaging of channels, how do you source it and so on. If you do it well, it will empower the consumer considerably - both in the way they take the content and the way they experience content and navigate. That's the piece we need to work on.
Will there be a longer wait for an individual channel to be profitable? The answer is yes. It's going to be complicated as digitisation has not happened as one would have expected it to have. Therefore, subscription revenues may take even longer to come on to some of these newer channels.
Having said that, one needs to look at profitability from two ways - we got to look at profitability at a granular level, which is individual channels, individual programmes. But you also have to look at the profitability of the entire bouquet and I think as long as the organisation has the appetite to take that risk, they will want to go ahead and invest. That's why they will invest in a more calibrated fashion.
Q- I am told that carriage fees continue to be high. Won't that adds to costs, again making it unviable for the new launches?
A- If you launch a channel in the current environment do you need to pay carriage fee, the answer is yes. Is it another cost item one needs to bear, yes. But if you have good content it will find platforms, viewers and can be monetised.

Subramaniam-led Titan is bringing social changeStory
Bringing Social Change
For the past years Titan has been measuring its performance on three dimensions - social, environmental and financial - under its finance chief Subbu Subramaniam.
S. Subramanium, CFO and ED, Titan Company.
BT-Yes Bank Best CFOs Survey
Category: Commitment towards triple bottomline
Winner: S. Subramanium, CFO and ED, Titan Company
For the past years Titan has been measuring its performance on three dimensions - social, environmental and financial - under its finance chief Subbu Subramaniam. The watch and jewellery maker has expanded its social welfare initiatives and has also supported wind turbine and solar power projects.
Titan's township at Hosur now does not house its staff alone. The company's project for its artisans - Karigar Parks - is a model for social development and profitability going hand in hand.
"We have brought in social changes but we've brought this along with our business model," says Subramaniam.
*An earlier version of the article carried the company name as Titan Industries in place of Titan Company. Changes have been made.

Man behind Speciality Restaurants  successStory
Recipe for success
Its income from operations nearly tripled to Rs 226.9 crore from Rs 83.3 crore in 2007/08, profit after tax jumped to Rs 23.41 crore from Rs 4.4 crore and the profit margin almost doubled to 10.3 per cent.
Rajesh K. Mohta, CFO, Speciality Restaurants. Photo: Rachit Goswami.
BT-Yes Bank Best CFOs Survey
MID-SIZE COMPANIES
Winner: Rajesh K. Mohta, CFO, Speciality Restaurants
Speciality Restaurants operates more than 100 restaurants under brands such as Mainland China. But not one is located in Mumbai's Bandra Kurla Complex, a commercial hub. Why? Because it didn't find any place that would give it a healthy return on investment, says Rajesh Kumar Mohta. That approach has helped the company improve profitability. Its income from operations nearly tripled to Rs 226.9 crore in 2012/13 from Rs 83.3 crore in 2007/08, profit after tax jumped to Rs 23.41 crore from Rs 4.4 crore and the profit margin almost doubled to 10.3 per cent. "It's not for visibility of whether you have 100 restaurants or 10," says Mohta. "If you have 10 restaurants and those are profitable, everyone is happy."

Divestment plan may fall flat again this yearManu Kaushik      Follow @manukaushik    Edition: Oct 12, 2014
Finance Minister  Arun Jaitley. Photo: Shekhar Ghosh.
On September 10, the government approved stake sales in three state-run companies as part of its disinvestment programme . The decision to sell shares in Coal India (CIL), Oil & Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) and hydropower company NHPC came two months after Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, in his maiden budget, set an ambitious divestment target of Rs 58,425 crore for 2014/15. On the face of it, the recent bull run in the markets suggests the government can easily meet the target. But there are roadblocks aplenty.
The disinvestment programme is important for Jaitley to meet his target of bringing down the fiscal deficit from 4.5 per cent of gross domestic product in 2013/14 to 4.1 per cent this year. That looks difficult considering that tax collection has not been growing at the targeted pace. For instance, revenue from indirect taxes grew only 4.6 per cent in the April-to-August period as against the 25 per cent increase envisaged for the full year.
Investor appetite for PSU stocks is waning. Since September 10, shares of Coal India, ONGC and NHPC have fallen up to seven per cent
"The fiscal deficit target is huge. Just one of the approaches won't work," says Anis Chakravarty, Senior Director, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu India. "Disinvestment is not going to be an easy task either."
The divestment target has two parts - Rs 43,425 crore from stake sales in state-run companies and the remaining by selling shares in non-government companies, such as Hindustan Zinc and Bharat Aluminium (Balco). The government plans to sell a 10 per cent stake in CIL, five per cent in ONGC and 11.36 per cent in NHPC, besides a stake in Steel Authority of India (SAIL).
The government owns 89.65 per cent of CIL, 68.94 per cent of ONGC, 85.96 per cent of NHPC and 80 per cent of SAIL. At current market prices, stake sales in these four companies can raise almost Rs 45,000 crore. The government also holds a 29.54 per cent stake in Hindustan Zinc and 49 per cent in Balco, both of which are now controlled by the London-listed mining giant Vedanta Resources. While Balco is not listed, a stake sale in Hindustan Zinc alone can mobilise over Rs 20,000 crore based on its current share price. The government, in July, reportedly approved stake sales in the two firms.
Some market observers feel there is enough demand for shares of blue-chip public sector companies. Not everyone is convinced though. The biggest concern is the poor track record of the disinvestment programme. In the past four fiscal years, the government mopped up only half the targeted Rs 1.5 lakh crore from stake sales. "It is the same story every year," says Saurabh Mukherjea, CEO, Institutional Equities, Ambit Capital. "Every year, the government announces its divestment targets which it ultimately fails to meet."
Some analysts feel investor appetite for PSU stocks is waning. Since September 10, shares of Coal India, ONGC and NHPC have fallen up to seven per cent, indicating that investors expect the merchant bankers to price the issues lower than the current market prices. Besides, PSU stocks will be competing with fresh paper hitting the market in the next few months, say investment bankers. According to some estimates, about Rs 1.25 lakh crore of fresh capital is likely to be raised over the next one year by both private- and public-sector companies, including banks, through initial and follow-on public offerings, and institutional share sales.
Another worrying factor is that Coal India is staring at a strike by five trade unions, who oppose the stake sale. Last December, the previous United Progressive Alliance government shelved a stake sale in the Kolkata-based company following opposition from workers' unions. Instead, the government nudged the miner to pay about Rs 19,000 crore of special dividend to make up for the shortfall in the disinvestment target.
The lack of clarity on the timeline is also a reason why some analysts feel the target is difficult to achieve. The government hasn't announced the share sale dates yet but SAIL is likely to hit the markets first, sometime in October, followed by Coal India. Ambit's Mukherjea says the government would like to sell shares before the economy, which grew at its fastest pace in nine quarters during the April-to-June period, may begin to show signs of moderation. "The disinvestment will happen soon, before concerns about this fiscal's growth come forth," he says.
Although Finance Minister Jaitley has previously expressed confidence of meeting the target, the government's desperation to push through the programme is becoming evident. Recently, it reportedly asked investment bankers involved in the PSU stake sales to stay away from big capital raising work from the private sector. The government is also reportedly planning to double the quota for retail investors to 20 per cent and offer them a discounted price in the share sales.
Analysts also caution that aggressive pricing, poor marketing and bad execution could lead to the failure of the disinvestment programme, just like the ONGC share sale in March 2012 when retail and foreign institutional investors mostly stayed away. At the time, state-run Life Insurance Corporation bailed out the issue by purchasing more than half the shares on offer. Analysts fear the government might again ask the insurer to step in if investor response is poor. That is best avoided.

Feds to publicize drug company payments to doctors5
Thousands of doctors and dozens of hospitals in Illinois have accepted payments through the years ranging from several hundred thousand dollars in speaking fees, travel and research grants, to a few bucks for a handful of drug-branded pens. That's based on data released by a limited subset of health care companies. Those companies began releasing such data about five years ago in the wake of separate legal settlements related to allegedly fraudulent marketing activities.
Illinois, with its high concentration of research facilities and biotechnology companies, finds itself near the center of the debate.
The state is home to 61 teaching hospitals, including major academic research centers in Chicago such as the University of Chicago Medicine, Northwestern Medicine, Rush University Medical Center, University of Illinois Health and Hospital System, and Cook County Health and Hospital System.
It also hosts the headquarters of several major health care companies, including Abbott Laboratories, AbbVie, Baxter International and Hospira, among others.
While many companies in the industry say they support the Sunshine Act, the trade groups that represent them have, for years, been fighting certain aspects of the disclosure called for under the act.
As a result, the database rollout was delayed several times, plagued by complaints of inaccuracies and technical problems.
Doctors, who were allowed to preview their own data ahead of the launch, complained about the database's lack of context and inaccurate data. That led the federal government to shut down the preview for 11 days before eventually deciding to withhold one-third of the records from the site for Tuesday's launch.
In recent weeks, the industry has ramped up the volume of its criticism of the government's handling of the data rollout.
This month, 64 health advocacy groups, including the American Diabetes Association, the American Heart Association and the National Health Council, asked the government to exclude certain indirect payments they make to doctors from the database.
The organizations said they receive donations from a variety of sources, including drugmakers and device-makers. They then pool the money and parcel it out directly to researchers.
Deconstructing those pools would create a "substantial administrative burden" for each group, and potentially put at risk future funding, the groups said in a letter.
Last week, with just a week to go before the data's scheduled release, three of the industry's biggest trade groups complained in a letter to Marilyn Tavenner, administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, that the database, as presented, lacks "clear background information and context regarding such industry relationships." Such disclosures are necessary, the trade groups argued, in "ensuring patients do not form mistaken impressions that all payments to physicians are suspect."
The trade groups — PhRMA, BIO and AvaMed — also criticized the government for not explaining its rationale for withholding one-third of payment information submitted by the industry.
"It is not clear why this volume of data is being withheld," the letter said. "We are hopeful that this issue can be resolved expeditiously so that the data that is made available to the public is accurate, useful and complete."
Several companies, including North Chicago-based AbbVie, have released data about their financial relationships with physicians in the wake of various legal settlements related to allegations of fraudulent marketing activities.
AbbVie posted its first doctor-payment report to its website in March 2013. The disclosure followed a $1.6 billion settlement that its former parent, Abbott Laboratories, reached with federal and state regulators regarding its marketing of the anti-seizure drug Depakote for uses not approved by the Food and Drug Administration.
The company, which is required to post reports quarterly, made payments to 31,439 physicians in the first quarter of 2014, according to the most recent disclosure on its website.
Morry Smulevitz, an AbbVie spokesman, said its interactions with health care professionals are crucial to developing new and better therapies. The company said its financial relationships with physicians are primarily in research and development and medical education.
Those relationships are "guided by openness and transparency," Smulevitz said.
Abbott said in a statement that it views payments to physicians as an important tenet in "supporting programs aimed at increasing the understanding of scientific, clinical and healthcare issues that improve patient care."

Best places to buy a house in India right nowStory
Preparing the ground
It will in all likelihood be the biggest purchase of your life. That's why every step on the way to buying a house-whether for living or investing-must be taken with extreme care.
Renu Yadav      Follow @MoneyRenu    Edition: September 2014
(Photo: Reuters)
It will in all likelihood be the biggest purchase of your life. That's why every step on the way to buying a house-whether for living or investing-must be taken with extreme care.
There is another reason to be watchful. Soon, as the festival season begins, many developers will promise freebies and discounts that will seem too attractive to be missed but which in the end may turn out to be traps.
Banks and other lenders, too, will try to cash in on the festival fervour by giving loans on easy terms. Should you fall for these offers? Or does it make more sense to give them a miss and wait for a price correction, which may or may not happen?
It's a tough call. However, a look at the ground reality can throw up some useful hints. For instance, recent times have been marked by lack of investor interest and, hence, a sharp rise in inventory with builders.
Prices, too, have been rising at a slow pace. In fact, in many cities, they have fallen. While builders struggle to sell, high property and interest rates coupled with economic uncertainty is making people wait and watch. But the industry sentiment has improved and property brokerages are reporting a rise in the number of enquiries.
This year's Union Budget, too, has taken several steps to revive the industry. Though the big picture looks dull for now, there is a lot of action on the ground as new areas develop and provide ample scope for people to gain from possible price appreciation.
So, to help you zero in on the best places to buy a house, we analyse data for key real estate markets and talk to top experts so that you do not go wrong with one of the biggest investment decisions of your life. As an add-on, we get more specific and suggest options that will best suit your budget.
UPBEAT MOOD
The gloom over the real estate sector seems to be lifting. Both companies and lenders are upbeat. Reflecting this, the Sentiment Index-brought out by real estate consultancy Knight Frank and the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry-touched an all-time high in April-June. It was at 69 during the quarter, up 19 points from the launch level of 50 in the last quarter of 2013. A score of 50 represents neutral view while a reading above 50 signals bright outlook. A figure below 50 shows negative sentiment.
The index is based on a survey of stakeholders, including developers, private equity (PE) funds, banks and non-bank financial companies or NBFCs. The survey asks questions about economy, launches, sales, leasing activity, price rise and funding.
"Stakeholders seem markedly bullish about the future in view of stable government at the Centre and are expecting faster decision-making and economic reforms," says the report.
The latest Budget has also lifted spirits. One, it has paved the way for flow of funds to the sector by allowing foreign domestic investment, or FDI, in projects spread over 20,000 sq metres instead of 50,000 sq metres. Two, the minimum capitalisation required for FDI has been reduced from $10 billion to $5 billion. The Budget has also allocated Rs 4,000 crore for providing cheaper loans for low-cost housing to support the 'housing for all by 2022' scheme. Besides, Rs 7,060 crore has been allocated for building 100 'smart' cities.
But the best part of the Budget, say experts, is that it has cleared the ambiguity over taxation of Real Estate Investment Trusts, or REITs, by giving them passthrough status. This means income from REITs will be taxed in the hands of investors. As a follow-up, the Securities and Exchange Board of India, the market regulator, has come out with final guidelines on these investment instruments, paving the way for their launch. REITs work like mutual funds by pooling in money and investing in real estate assets. They are expected to give a boost to the sector by making available cheap money. Investors, too, will be able to gain exposure to the real estate market by investing as little as Rs 2 lakh (the likely ticket size of one unit of REIT).
"The government has announced some short- and long-term measures in the Budget that are likely to keep the sentiment buoyant. At makaan.com we are seeing a rise in the number of searches, indicating that more people are looking to buy property. I think it will take another 12-18 months for this sentiment to fuel growth in real estate transactions," says Aditya Verma, CEO, makaan.com.
Prashan Agarwal, co-founder, PropTiger.com, agrees. "The Budget is definitely positive for demand. But these steps, for instance launch of REITs and reduction in home loan interest rates, will take time to be implemented. Hence, we are projecting that the demand will rise only after twothree quarters."
Property portal magicbricks.com has seen a similar trend. "The number of enquiries has risen. Most industry experts believe the pace will start picking up in the next quarter. But a dramatic rise is unlikely," says Jayashree Kurup, head of research, magicbricks.com
LIQUIDITY PUSH
The sector has been facing a liquidity crunch for years and desperately needs competitive money, says Pankaj Kapoor, managing director, Liases Foras, a Mumbai-based real estate research analytics firm. According to CREDAI, real estate accounts for just 12% bank loans. Of this, developers get just 3%. This pushes them to go for high-cost loans. Besides, complex processes for approvals increase the cost of projects, leaving little room for reduction in prices. CREDAI is the Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India.
The Reserve Bank of India, in order to ensure higher liquidity for the sector, has allowed banks to issue infrastructure bonds of up to seven years tenure. These bonds will not be subject to reserve requirements, releasing a lot of money for lending to projects for affordable housing.
Also, PE funds are returning to the market. Global real estate consultancy Cushman & Wakefield's latest report on PE funds in real estate says inflows in the first half of 2014 were Rs 4,100 crore ($675 million). The second quarter figure was Rs 1,300 crore ($215 million). Though this is 54% lower than the previous quarter, the total investment in the first half of 2014 is more than double the figure for the first half of 2013 (Rs 1,650 crore or $294 million). The inflows are the highest in the first half of the year since 2009 (Rs 4,950 crore or $1 billion).
According to a report by PropTiger, more FDI will ensure liquidity, helping builders launch more projects. Many fund houses, too, are raising money to invest in real estate projects. For instance, HDFC is raising $250 mn, Amplus Capital $50-100 mn, Capri Global $400 mn, Piramal Fund $58 mn, IIFL $125 mn and IDFC $125 mn.
"The sector is looking up slowly. Developers such as Tata Housing, Oberoi Realty, Runwal Group, DLF, Prestige Estates, VGN Developers and Kolte-Patil Developers are buying large land parcelsin major towns and cities across the country. PE funds, too, are joining hands with builders to acquire land," says Vineet Singh, business head, 99acres.com
SUPPLY OVERHANG
There is excess supply in all big cities (Inventory in Top Six Cities). One big reason for this is job uncertainty and poor pay increases in most industries for many years now due to the economic slowdown. Others factors are high prices and interest rates. Inventories, as a result, have been piling up fast.
The inventory in the country's six big markets (Bengaluru, Chennai, Hyderabad, Mumbai Metropolitan Region, or MMR, National Capital Region, or NCR, and Pune) in the first quarter of 2014-15 was 6.43 lakh units, according to Liases Foras. The highest unsold inventory was in Delhi-NCR (2.11 lakh units).
More worrying, say experts, is the absorption rate, which shows the pace at which homes are selling. It is calculated by dividing the total inventory with monthly sales. The figure for these cities is 35. This means it will take 35 months to sell the inventory if the pace of sales remains the same. The ideal period, say experts, is eight months. The Delhi-NCR had the highest inventory of 53 months in the first quarter of 2014-15. It accounted for 33% unsold units and 21% sales in the six cities mentioned above. Sales in Delhi-NCR in the first quarter of 2014-15 were 12,459 units,16% lower than in the same quarter of the previous year.
In Delhi-NCR, the highest inventory is in the price range of Rs 25-50 lakh, as per Liases Foras. "This is because the highest supply is in this segment," says Kapoor of Liases Foras
The MMR has 1.47 lakh unsold units. However, sales have risen 25% since the first quarter of 2013-14. Sequentially, they are down by 2%. In Bangalore, although the unsold inventory has gone up by 29% from the first quarter of 2013-14, sales have risen 16%.
PRICE CORRECTION
Excess supply should lead to a price fall. Has that happened? Price charts across cities are flat, reflecting sluggish sales. Discounts of 5-10% are common across markets, according to a report by PropTiger, which covers nine cities.
"For instance, the Delhi-NCR market has huge inventory in the secondary market, which has resulted in secondary market prices falling by 30%," says Kapoor.
"In cities like Bangalore, Pune and Chennai, a lot of PE money came in after 2011. As a result, property prices have peaked. Sales are happening in pre-launches but falling afterwards. In Pune, builders have started giving discounts of Rs 100-300 per sq ft," he says.
The fall in prices has hit investors. That is why experts say that people investing in real estate at this stage need to have reasonable expectations. "We are unlikely to see any unprecedented rise in capital values," says Shveta Jain, executive director, Residential Services, Cushman & Wakefield.
One can expect returns of 10-12% a year, but the holding period should be at least three-five years. Price spikes of 20-30% a year that we saw before 2008 are unlikely in the near future, she says.
Also, the return and holding period will depend on the purpose of the investment and the location of the project. Many professional investors make a small profit by buying at the lower price offered during the pre-launch stage and selling out when the project gets going after 12-18 months.
"They make a profit of Rs 500-1,500 per sq ft in each deal and carry out 10-20 such transactions in a year. Such investments were common and considered safe in markets such as Dwarka Expressway in Delhi-NCR. Now, many investors in projects in the same location are finding it difficult to exit (close to five years after the investment) and are willing to sell at a lower margin," says Anil Tayal, director & CEO, Informage Realty, a Gurgaonbased real estate consulting firm.
Kapoor of Liases Foras says, "I don't see enough price appreciation and the market becoming efficient in the next two-three years. In fact, we may witness a prolonged correction," he says. "For prices to rise, sales have to pick up, and for that income levels have to match the current prices. If prices stay at current levels and incomes rise by 10% a year for the next two-three years, we may see sales go up."
LAUNCH PAD
Excess supply has made developers go slow on new launches. As per the halfyearly report by PropTiger, there has been a 73% drop (from 1,30,562 units to 35,867 units) in new launches in the top nine cities in the second quarter of 2014 over the same period last year. The nine cities are Mumbai (including Navi Mumbai and Thane), Pune, Noida (includ-ing Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway), Gurgaon (including Bhiwadi, Dharuhera and Sohna), Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Kolkata and Ahmedabad. Noida saw a significant fall of 83%.
Tough competition and excess supply have made some developers cut prices to offload inventory and reinvest in other projects. Some are launching projects priced lower than the current market prices. As per Liases Foras, in the first quarter of 2014-15, the weighted average price of new supply across the top six cities was 18% lower than the weighted average price of existing supply.
"Developers are launching new projects at lower prices compared to the previous ones. In Gurgaon, in 2011-12, residential units were sold for Rs 3,200-5,200 per sq ft. This saw a sharp rise in 2012-13, when prices went as high as Rs 11,000 per sq ft (Ekaantam, Sector 112). A steep decline was seen after late 2013 when Vatika Seven Elements houses went for Rs 8,200 per sq ft and DLF Ultima for Rs 7,200 per sq ft. Indiabulls is now offering residential properties at Rs 5,000 per sq ft at the the pre-launch stage, continuing the trend," says Tayal of Informage Realty. "However, in Noida, property rates have been consistently rising since 2010 and have reached Rs 5,000 per sq ft," says Tayal.
ATTRACTIVE SCHEMES
To bring back buyers to the market, developers are coming out with attractive offers. Some are including stamp duty and registration charges within the cost of the property. Others are offering free parking and club membership. Vatika Express City One, for instance, is giving modular kitchen and centralised air-conditioning for free, while Gulshan Homz in Noida is offering free club membership. Many developers are also giving flexible payment options. Satya Group is offering a 25:25:50 possession-linked payment plan for its Platina project in Sector 103 in Gurgaon. Under it, buyers pay 25% on booking, 25% on completion of construction and 50% on possession.
"The schemes vary according to the price and location of the property. Our recent survey on schemes found that 20:20:60 and 80:20 schemes attracted the most customers. They are also popular among developers," says Verma of makaan.com.
SHOULD YOU BUY? 
'Buyers should use this time to bargain hard and make the purchase over the next 6-12 months', says  Aditya Verma, CEO of makaan.com.
"Buyers should utilise this time to bargain hard and make the purchase over the next 6-12 months. This will work to their advantage as developers are sitting on huge unsold stock and willing to offer discounts of 4-8%. As sentiment improves and transactions begin to pick pace, we will see developers withdraw these discounts and schemes. So, between now and the middle of next year may be the best time to buy property," says Verma of makaan.com
Tayal of Informage Realty also feels buyers can go ahead. "This is a good time to invest. Prices are reasonable. For example, prices in Gurgaon have come down to Rs 5,000 per sq ft (offered by Indiabulls) from Rs 8,200 last year," he says.
However, though the offers may be tempting, buyers should keep their eyes open. This is because these offers could be a way to attract buyers for a project that may be unviable or difficult to implement because of problems with approvals.
Some developers have been in news recently for building houses without approvals. For instance, Campa Cola Society (Worli in South Mumbai) residents suffered after a court ordered demolition of their flats as they were illegally constructed. The residents of the society didn't have the occupancy certificate even after 25 years. Although the flats have not been demolished yet, the supply of power, gas and water has been cut as per the court's order.
Recently, another court ordered the demolition of two towers in Supertech's Emerald Court Project in Noida. As per the court order, they were built in violation of the UP Apartments Act 2010. The court has asked Supertech to refund buyers
In another example, projects in the vicinity of Okhla Bird Sanctuary in Delhi-NCR ran into problems after the National Green Tribunal refrained the Noida authorities from issuing completion certificate to projects within the 10-km radius of the sanctuary or within the ecosensitive zone.
Also, project delays is a big problem. A look at data compiled by Liases Foras suggests that the situation is worst in the MMR and the Delhi-NCR. In both these markets, work on more than 50% buildings is behind schedule by at least 12 months. The figure for Bangalore and Chennai is 19%.
This is a big headache for those who have booked homes in pre-launch and launch stages. In case the project is not delivered on time, they have to keep paypaying both rent and equated monthly instalments (EMIs) on home loans, which can be a huge financial burden. Developers, on their part, blame delays in project approvals. After acquiring land, it takes around two years for a developer to get the certificate for starting the construction. This is one of the major issues plaguing the country's real estate sector.
'If prices stay at current levels and incomes rise by 10% a year for the next two-three years, we may see sales go up' , says Pankaj Kapoor, Managing Director at Liases Foras
But how can buyers deal with this? One, say experts, they should not get lured by low prices. They should check the builder's record of abiding by timelines. Also, there should be a clear penalty clause in the builder-buyer agreement under which the former must be liable to pay the buyer in case of a delay. If the builder refuses to pay the penalty, buyers can file complaints in consumer redressal forums at district, state and national levels. They must also check the financial status of the developer to see if it has the funds needed to complete the project.
"Buyers must check whether all approvals are in place or not. Also, they can opt for smaller projects. Developers are coming out with township projects which are very big and difficult to manage compared to small projects with 200-700 units," says Shveta Jain, executive director, Residential Services, Cushman & Wakefield.
So, buy your dream house with utmost care.
OFFICE SPACE WILL BE A GOOD INVESTMENT OPTION GOING FORWARD
Office spaces are better for those who want to invest in real estate for rental income. Rental yields for commercial properties are much higher than that for residential properties. However, the investment required is normally quite high.
Experts say that commercial spaces for which demand has been subdued for some time are good investment options. Pankaj Kapoor, MD, Liases Foras, says prices in the segment are better than in the residential space. "Rental yields were subdued and fell to 6-7% but have improved in the recent past and reached the efficient level of 10-12% as inventories are depleting due to rise in demand," he says.
As the economy improves, the demand for commercial space will go up. The absorption rate has improved already. "Commercial space absorption has already improved in major cities. Net office space absorption recorded a 16% increase in Ahmedabad, Chennai, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Bangalore, Delhi-NCR and Pune," says Vineet Singh, business head, 99acres.com.
A report by CIRE on India's office market for the second quarter of 2014 says: "The quarter saw an approximately 26% increase in quarteron-quarter office space absorption across these prime locations, from a little more than six million sq ft in Q1 to nearly eight million sq ft in Q2. New Grade A office space addition, meanwhile, grew by 3% quarter-on-quarter across seven leading cities, in Q2 of 2014."
The nod to Real Estate Investment Trusts, or REITs, is also positive for the segment . These trusts will invest primarily in office spaces. This move will give a boost to the commercial segment as a lot of money will chase high-quality properties, which will result in a further rise in rental yields.
"Grade A office space in the top seven cities of India amounts to around 376 million square feet, and we anticipate that approximately 50% of this will get listed in the next two-three years. The valuation of these assets is $10-12 billion, and this accounts for a fairly massive influx of funding waiting in the wings to hit the Indian real estate market via REITs over the next few years," says Anuj Puri, chairman & country head, JLL India.

The  New York Times  Publishes Racist Comic About India s Space Missionreddit
Last week, India became the first Asian nation to reach Mars, and the first in the world to do so on its first attempt.
The spacecraft called Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM)  in English and "Mangalyaan" or "mars craft" in Hindi was launched in November and reached the orbit on Wednesday, to much jubilation from the public.
India's first interplanetary mission is all the more creditable because, at $72 million, Mangalyaan cost just a fraction of NASA's $670 million Maven, and $2 billion Curiosity Rover. It also cost less than to produce the film Gravity, and at Rs.7 or 11 cents, per kilometer, cost less than the per-kilometer cost of commuting by autorickshaw in most Indian cities.
So yesterday's New York Times' comic by Heng, titled "India's budget mission to Mars" seems in poor taste.
The comic depicts a poor Indian farmer in traditional garb, accompanied by a bored-looking cow, eagerly knocking on the door of "Elite Space Club". The two people in the elite space club drinking wine and reading about India's mission in the papers look perturbed and hesitant to open the door. It is also worth noting that the members of the elite space club are male, white, elderly and look wealthy. Whether meant to be funny or ironic, the racial, national and classist stereotyping is apparent.
In reaching Mars, the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) joins the ranks of Soviet space program, NASA and European Space Agency. It not only did so on a budget, but also battling " brain drain ". It's a commonly lamented problem that many of  the country's brightest scientists and engineers end up working internationally, and tend to shy away from research in India, especially an area like space research, because it's not as lucrative.
The comic strip comes at the time of Indian Prime Minister, Narendra Modi's maiden visit to the United States. Addressing a 20,000 strong crowd at Manhattan's iconic Madison Square Garden yesterday, he emphasized India's new role on the world stage and its growing economic clout. "When people ask if we still play with snakes in our country, I tell them that now we play with the mouse," Mr Modi said, drawing attention to the changing stereotype of India from a nation of snake charmers to one of technical prowess.
In case the Times is wondering what interplanetary-mission-heading Indian scientists look like then here you go, this is what they look like:
And this:
And this:
The male engineers are wearing Western gear, while some of the female engineers are rocking traditional silk saris, the kind usually worn on special occasions, and jasmine flowers in their hair. On regular days, they work in full suits . There are no farm animals in sight at the ISRO office.  And they certainly don't look desperate for membership into some secret elite club. In fact, their jubilance says it all.
See, there are lots of socially and economically elite people in the world -- being elite is like winning the lottery.  But only a handful of human beings in history can claim to have sent a spaceship to another planet. That is brilliance and merit. That is actualizing human potential and literally moving humanity forward -- like inventing the wheel, or, you know, sending a spaceship to Mars. One doesn't have to be a rocket scientist to understand that.
Follow Sharanya Haridas on Twitter: www.twitter.com/haridassharanya
More:

NY Times Announces Huge Staff Cutsreddit
In a sign of the persistent challenges facing the newspaper industry, the New York Times is planning to make deep cuts in its newsroom staff, executives announced Wednesday. More troublingly for the paper, its attempts to gain new sources of revenue through digital products appear to be stalling badly.
The Times said it would seek to eliminate roughly 100 jobs in the newsroom, through either buyouts or layoffs. Additional reductions are expected in the editorial and business departments.
The cuts have been widely expected for weeks.
The paper's own report on the changes noted that the newsroom will lose around 7.5 percent of its employees. That still leaves it with one of the biggest newsrooms in the industry.
In a note to staffers, editor Dean Baquet said that the cuts were needed to keep the Times viable in a digital age. He said that the paper's recent attempts to broaden its digital business, such as the NYT Now and NYT Opinion apps, were "not achieving the business success we expected." One consequence of that: the opinion app will be shuttered completely.
"I will use this as an opportunity to seriously reconsider some of what we do — from the number of sections we produce to the amount we spend on freelance content," Baquet continued.
In a separate note , the paper's publisher, Arthur Sulzberger, Jr., and New York Times Co. CEO Mark Thompson wrote that they were trying to "safeguard the long-term profitability of The Times."
The Times has made staff cuts several times over the past decade .
The cuts continue what has been a torrid first few months for Baquet. He landed in the position of executive editor only after his predecessor, Jill Abramson, was fired in May. In June, he was treated for cancer.
Below, read Baquet's full note to Times staffers, which was obtained by HuffPost's Michael Calderone.
To the Staff,
In a letter to the company this morning, Arthur and Mark described the financial conditions that are forcing us to make cuts across the company. While there are promising signs in digital advertising and digital subscriptions, the print business remains under pressure. And our new products are not achieving the business success we expected, even though they are journalistic sensations.
So, regrettably, we are going to have to reduce costs in the newsroom. The masthead and I will be looking for every possible way to do this without harming our stunning report.  I will use this as an opportunity to seriously reconsider some of what we do --- from the number of sections we produce to the amount we spend on freelance content.
But there is no getting around the hard fact that the newsroom will have to lose 100 jobs. We hope to meet this number through voluntary buyouts. But if we don’t get there we will be forced to do layoffs.
The buyout packages are generous especially for people with decades of service.
If you are represented by the Guild, the terms of the buyout offer have been established by negotiations and agreement with the Guild. Generally, you will receive three weeks of salary for every year worked at The Times, with the potential payout capped at two times your annual salary. In addition, The Times is offering a cash payout of 35 percent of the total severance amount to staff members who have been at the company for 20 years or more. If you are interested in considering a buyout please contact the Guild directly or Erika Sommer in News Administration to receive more information. All requests must be made by Oct. 17 at 5 p.m.
If you are an excluded employee, you are eligible for two weeks of salary for every year worked at The Times with the total capped at one year’s salary. Excluded employees who have been at The Times for 20 or more years are also eligible for an additional cash payout of 35 percent of severance. In the coming days we will mail buyout packages to all excluded employees who have been at The Times for five years or more.
I will reserve the right to say no to people who request a buyout but whose jobs and talents are critical to our mission. Obviously, if we are forced to turn to layoffs, those people affected will not get these enhanced buyouts.
Some of you will find that this offer works for you and your family. I recommend that everyone take this opportunity to have a frank talk with his or her supervisor about whether their goals match those of The Times.
I know how painful this is for all of us, especially since we have been through numerous rounds of buyouts and layoffs. But it is no secret that our entire business is facing continued rough times, and we’ve weathered them better than most, preserving a large and strong newsroom. Our colleagues on the business side have seen even bigger cuts over the past 10 years.
This is a transitional period for The Times. We are accelerating our efforts to build a powerful digital news operation while producing the premier print newspaper that our readers continue to embrace.
Even as we make cuts in some areas we must and will continue to invest strategically. In the coming months, we will work to find and engage new audiences for our journalism. We will also redesign the magazine, create new journalistic features like the Upshot and First Draft, and adapt our journalism to a world where an increasing number of readers find us on mobile.
All of these efforts depend on the continued excellence of our written and visual journalism. And you have my word that even as we are forced to make cuts, we will not stint on our mission. When we come out of this, we will still have the biggest, most ambitious newsroom in the business.
There is no magic bullet for the current financial plight of the news business. But the journalists of The Times, with all of their creativity and belief in the future, have helped guide this company through even more turbulent times.  Many of the big successes of past generations --- the National Edition, the creation of new feature sections in the 1970s --- were pushed by a newsroom willing to change and adapt. We are in that kind of moment again.
I’m clearing my schedule for the next few days so that I can meet with any department that wants to talk as a group. Feel free to reach out to me, Matt, Janet, Ian, Susan, Tom and other senior editors.
Dean
More:

Modi makes a  hugely successful journey  to AmericaModi makes a 'hugely successful journey' to America
By Arun Kumar | IANS India Private Limited/Yahoo India News –  Wed 1 Oct, 2014
Print
Washington: Prime Minister Narendra Modi wrapped up what he himself called a "hugely successful journey" to the US, winning over everyone, from President Barack Obama down, hardselling India to big business and wowing Indian-Americans.
If star-struck Indian-Americans, a community that numbers about three million and many of whom who played a big role in his "historic election victory", gave him an unparalleled rock star like reception, the US establishment treated him no less with Obama himself joining Modi on an unscheduled trip to the memorial of African-American civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr.
In a joint vision statement and a joint op-ed in the Washington Post, something again unprecedented, Modi and Obama vowed to "chalein saath saath - together we go forward" with a new agenda to realise the full potential of a renewed US-India partnership for the 21st century.
Never once was mentioned the denial of a US visa to Modi for nearly a decade nor a major diplomatic row over the December arrest and strip search of an Indian diplomat that had virtually stalled India-US relationship.
A US-India joint statement issued after Tuesday's summit at the White House that lasted nearly two hours listed what some critics called a 'laundry list' of things they can do together in fields ranging from health and education to space exploration. But the real significance of the trip lay in the fact that it put the India-US partnership back on the rails. And, more importantly, Modi secured a commitment from Obama to make joint and concerted efforts to dismantle terrorist safe havens.
The statement specifically mentioned four Pakistan-based groups - Lashkar-e Taiba, Jaish-e-Mohammad, the D-Company, and the Haqqanis besides Al Qaeda - and also reiterated their call for Pakistan to bring the perpetrators of the November 2008 Mumbai terrorist attack to justice.
Shortly after the statement, the US treasury targeted two Pakistan-based terrorist organisations and froze the assets of their leaders for providing financial support to Lashkar-e -Taeba (LeT) held responsible for the Mumbai attacks.
Not unexpectedly, India and US failed to reach a breakthrough on their landmark civil nuclear deal stalled over India's tough liability laws. But, as Modi said after the summit with Obama sitting by his side "we are serious about resolution of issues on both sides to enable civilian nuclear energy cooperation to take off. It is important for India's energy security."
Reaffirming their commitment to implement fully the nuclear deal, they "established a Contact Group on advancing the implementation of civil nuclear energy cooperation."
It would discuss all implementation issues, including liability, technical issues, and licensing to facilitate the establishment of nuclear parks, including power plants with Westinghouse and GE-Hitachi technology.
The statement said Modi "emphasized the priority India accords to its partnership with the United States, a principal partner in the realization of India's rise as a responsible, influential world power."
And "given the shared values, people-to-people ties, and pluralistic traditions, President Obama recognized that India's rise as a friend and partner is in the United States" it said.
Noting that two-way trade has increased fivefold since 2001 to nearly $100 billion, the two leaders committed to facilitate the actions necessary to increase trade another fivefold.
The proposed steps include establishing an Indo-US Investment Initiative an Infrastructure Collaboration Platform.
India will welcome two trade missions in 2015 focused on meeting India's infrastructure needs with US technology and services.
Modi ended his action packed journey, throughout which he has been hardselling India to US business, with an address to the US-India Business Council comprising 310 top US companies doing business with India.
Promising to replace bureaucratic red tape with a red carpet, he invited them to come to India and make in India saying "This is a win-win situation."
(Arun Kumar can be contacted at arun.kumar@ians.in)
Recommend

Major car makers report high domestic sales for SeptMajor car makers report high domestic sales for Sept
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 2, 2014  | 13:17 IST
Tata Motors, General Motors and Ford India reported decline in sales in September (Photo: Reuters)
With the auto industry continuing on revival mode, major car makers including Maruti Suzuki India (MSI), Hyundai, Honda, Toyota and M&M on Wednesday reported good domestic sales growth in September ahead of the festive season.
Others like Tata Motors, General Motors and Ford India, however, reported a decline in sales in September during which the 15-day 'shraadh' period, considered inauspicious by some for new purchases, was observed.
MSI said its domestic sales during September stood at 99,290 units, up 9.8 per cent from 90,399 units in the same month last year.
The company's sales were driven by its compact cars, comprising Swift, Estilo, Celerio, Ritz and Dzire, which clocked 43,304 units as against 36,679 units in the year-ago month, up 18.1 per cent.
Rival Hyundai Motor India sold 35,041 units last month in the domestic market as compared to 30,601 units in September 2013, up 14.5 per cent.
HMIL Senior Vice President (Sales and Marketing) Rakesh Srivastava said the domestic growth was on the back of strong performance of new models, including the new Elite i20 that clocked 8,902 units.
"In this festive season, we are seeing a significant increase in first time buyers and exchange buyers which is very encouraging as it will accelerate the positive momentum already being experienced in the last few months," he added.
Honda Cars India also reported 45 per cent increase in domestic sales in September 2014 at 15,015 units as against 10,354 units in the reporting month last year.
"We continue to perform strongly with strong demand for all our models during this festival period," HCIL Senior Vice-President (Marketing and Sales) Jnaneswar Sen said.
He added that the company has resumed production of its flagship model Honda City during September 2014 and in coming months, the firm would be able to ensure better availability and timely deliveries to fulfil the huge demand.
Toyota Kirloskar Motor (TKM) said its sales in domestic market stood at 12,552 units during September, up 4.46 per cent as compared to 12,015 units in the year-ago period.
TKM Senior Vice President (Sales and Marketing) N Raja said, "We have registered growth this month. The industry is beginning to gradually turnaround. Positive market sentiments combined with the festive season is expected to boost sales in the coming months as well." .
The domestic sales of Mahindra & Mahindra, the homegrown auto major, grew by 4.5 per cent to 42,408 units last month as against 40,574 units in September 2013.
M&M Chief Executive Automotive Division and International Operations (AFS) Pravin Shah said, "The sales numbers for September have been encouraging and we are glad that the automotive industry is turning the bend."
He further said, "We expect the ensuing festive season to bring in some much needed cheer with a slew of new launches from manufacturers... We do hope that the recently launched New Generation Scorpio will continue to be a trendsetter."
General Motors India , however, reported 37.38 per cent decline in September sales at 4,413 units as against 7,048 units sold in the same month of last year.
GM India Vice President P Balendran said, "There is some positive movement in the market due to the festival season and new entries. However, the complete recovery of the automobile industry is still some time away."
Ford India's domestic sales also declined 36.22 per cent to 6,786 units in September as against 10,640 units in the same month previous year.
In the two-wheeler segment, Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India (HMSI) reported 33.32 per cent growth in domestic sales for September at 4,38,521 units as against at 3,28,907 units a year earlier.
Yamaha Motor India also reported 26.78 per cent increase in domestic two-wheeler sales at 59,325 units in September as compared to 46,790 units in the same month last year.
Bajaj Auto reported 7.14 per cent increase in motorcycle sales at 3,47,010 units during the month as against 3,23,879 units in the corresponding month of previous year.
Chennai-based TVS Motor Co said its domestic two-wheeler sales grew by 29 per cent at 2,17,447 units in September 2014 as compared to 1,68,598 units in the same month last year.

Book profit in midcap cement stocks: Mitesh ThackerACC
(These stocks have had a good…)
In a chat with ET Now, Mitesh Thacker, Technical Analyst, miteshthacker.co m, shares his outlook for a few stocks. Excerpts:
ET Now: IT held out a truncated week. How would you trade next week?
Mitesh Thacker: We have been talking about defensives doing well. In that space, CNX IT and a lot of IT stocks continue to make highs. They are still suggesting strong buy signals on indicator charts. Trading strategy should be very similar to what we have been following or advising for the last few days.
We are long on IT and a couple of consumer names, but in the rest of the market, possibly you might look at breakdown and then short them or avoid them for the time being.
ET Now: It was quite an active week for autos. Anything that is looking good for a trade?
Mitesh Thacker: Mahindra & Mahindra has been consolidating sideways, and a breakout above 1410-1415 should be very good. The chart pattern is positive and then we can look at the target of 1460.
Comparatively, Maruti had some kind of a negative breakdown. This closed right at the 20-day average, but if it starts breaking below 2960, we might see some bigger correction happening over here and then even look at targets of around 2850-2870 on the downside. So, one on the long side and another on the short side.
ET Now: It is an event-based thing, but Mangalore Chemicals has generally had a fairly decent week. How do you think the stock looks on the charts to you?
Mitesh Thacker: It has shown a big moment this week. In the last two weeks it has moved up from sub-75 levels to 101 now. Now it will depend on how much competition is there to buy the shares for the time being that the rally might be done. As you rightly said, it is more of an event-based thing, but if I have bought it at levels of sub-70, it is good time to take profit.
ET Now: Do you like any of the midcap cement names?
Mitesh Thacker: These stocks have had a good momentum, but for the time being cement as a space does look slightly tired to me. JK Lakshmi, even Mangalam Cement are showing signals of slowdown at higher levels. I would suggest taking out profits over here, wait for some kind of decline to happen. We have already seen some correction happening in large cap stocks like ACC and to a certain extent UltraTech Cement. So for the time being I would suggest taking profits.
ET Now: Is there any OMC where you would initiate a fresh trade next week?
Mitesh Thacker: All the three top-traded OMCs -- BPCL, HPCL, and IOC -- are clearly showing signs of a sideways consolidative kind of an active deal. They have had good runs till the months of August, some time till mid September. But now clearly they have given up on the uptrend. For the time being consolidation looks like the way forward.
What a short-term trader might want to do is try and identify lower levels of the consolidation range where positions can be taken. So IOC around 340-345 would be a good short-term trade with a Rs 10 kind of stop loss and Rs 25 kind of target. Similarly, for BPCL, 620-615 on the downside. Whenever prices are around those levels, you might want to have a long trade over there.
 
ET Now: Is there a large cap IT name that you would bet on next week?
Mitesh Thacker: It is a space which will make newer highs, and on chartered territory, fresh highs at all-time high level. The higher bottom, higher top pattern continues. I would be comfortable buying or slowly accumulating Wipro, which after a long time has managed to get past 595-600 levels. That should now head toward 660, possibly 680 on the upside.
HCL Tech looks like it should head towards 1800. Similarly, I have a positive bias on Infosys. It just manages to get past and close above the earlier highs of 3830. So we can look at targets of 3950 to about 4000. Most of these stocks look strong over here. Even Tech Mahindra has had a fresh high. So I would be positive on the IT space.
ET Now: Your top trades?
Mitesh Thacker: I have an IT name to begin with. Wipro is a buy with a stop below 594 and look for targets of around 660. Sesa Sterlite is a sell with a stop at 278, and look for targets of around 254 over here.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bollywood stars and their sensational statementsCelebrity
Bollywood Celebs And Their Sensational Statements
Statements in Bollywood at times get construed, misconstrued, distorted and damaged. But there are times when our celebs make statements that leave everyone amazed. At times, a few celebs don’t believe in being politically correct and dare to say the truth. But there are also times when celebs make statements they don’t intend to stick to ever. Here is a mixed bag of such jaw-dropping statements.

Hockey team to get Rs 2.5 lakh each from Hockey IndiaHockey team to get Rs 2.5 lakh each from Hockey India
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 2:  
The gold medal winning players of India's men's hockey team will receive a cash reward of Rs 2.5 lakh each from Hockey India for their stupendous show at the Asian Games. India regained the Asian Games title after 16 years, following a 4-2 shoot-out win over Pakistan in the final.
Not only the men's players but Head coach Terry Walsh and High Performance Director Roelant Oltmans will also receive Rs 2.5 lakh each. The other support staff members will also get financial incentive as Hockey India has decided to give them Rs 1 lakh each.
The players of the women's team, which won bronze medal, will get Rs one lakh each from the Federation while the support staff members will get Rs 50,000 each.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

REPORT: Mexican Drug Lord CapturedMexico Feds Say Cartel Boss Hector Beltran-Leyva Caught
 | By                                                                E. EDUARDO CASTILLO
reddit
MEXICO CITY (AP) — Military special forces grabbed alleged cartel leader Hector Beltran Leyva during a lightning raid at a restaurant Wednesday, the latest in a string of high-profile drug arrests in the country.
Officials said the purported head of the Beltran Leyva drug gang was captured inside a seafood eatery in the city of San Miguel de Allende, a popular enclave for foreigners and artists in the central state of Guanajuato.
No shots were fired in the brief operation, which culminated an 11-month investigation, federal criminal investigations chief Tomas Zeron said at an evening news conference.
The arrest comes just months after the capture of Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman, the elusive boss of the Sinaloa cartel, which is considered the most powerful drug gang in Mexico. He was caught in February after more than a decade on the run following his escape from prison.
Mexican authorities say Hector Beltran Leyva, 49, assumed leadership of the Beltran Leyva cartel after his brother Arturo was killed by Mexican troops in a shootout in late 2009. Two other brothers are behind bars for their involvement in the cartel.
The gang terrorized parts of central Mexico for years, including Morelos state to the south of Mexico City, although it declined somewhat after the brothers' arrests and killing. Last November, the U.S. Treasury Department said the cartel appeared to be reorganizing and regaining some power.
"Obviously this is not the Beltran Leyvas' organization in its strongest moment ... but it continues to be a criminal organization capable of generating localized violence in some states," Mexican security expert Jorge Chabat said.
Zeron said Beltran Leyva had adopted a "moderate profile" after becoming head of the cartel to avoid detection. The investigation determined he had made his home in the central state of Queretaro, where he passed himself off as a businessman selling art and real estate.
He was tracked to San Miguel de Allende and taken into custody along with a man suspected of being involved of the cartel's finances.
Two federal officials told The Associated Press earlier that Beltran Leyva was believed to have been caught, but DNA tests were being done to confirm it. Zeron said those results were still forthcoming, but said it was clear the man was Beltran Leyva. He did not take questions.
"This action proves the effectiveness of the public policy of security and law enforcement to achieve the Mexico at peace that we desire," President Enrique Pena Nieto's verified Twitter account said late Wednesday.
Zeron said the investigation was carried out jointly by various security agencies but the arrest was made by the army, an institution that has come under criticism recently for the June killing of 22 suspected gang members in a town south of Mexico City.
According to the U.S. State Department, Beltran Leyva, alias "The H" and "The Engineer," was born Feb. 16, 1965, in the northern Mexican state of Sinaloa, a cradle of drug trafficking.
He has been indicted in courts in the District of Columbia and New York. U.S. authorities have offered a reward of up to $5 million for information leading to his capture, and Mexico had offered its own bounty of 30 million pesos, about $3.7 million.
U.S. and Mexican authorities say the Beltran Leyva gang is responsible for trafficking drugs to the United States and Europe including cocaine, marijuana, heroin and methamphetamine. It was originally part of Guzman's Sinaloa cartel, but broke with that group in 2008.
In August 2012, a U.S. diplomatic car carrying two CIA officials and a Mexican navy captain was attacked by gunmen in Morelos state, and one line of investigation was possible involvement by the Beltran Leyva cartel. Federal Police officers were ultimately found responsible for the attack, and officials recently said there was no evidence they were acting on orders of a criminal gang.
At least nine top Mexican cartel figures have been captured or killed since 2009, including Guzman, who was nabbed in the Pacific Coast resort of Mazatlan.
In 2013, authorities in northern Mexico arrested Miguel Angel Trevino Morales, alias "Z-40," leader of the brutal Zetas cartel. Fellow Zetas leader and founder Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano, alias "El Lazca," was killed by marines the previous year.
Andrew Selee, a Mexico expert at the Wilson Center think tank in Washington, said the Beltran Leyva cartel established a pattern of extreme brutality that has since become the hallmark of other gangs such as the Zetas.
"It's a huge deal to get Hector Beltran Leyva, who took over the most bloodthirsty cartel in Mexico. The Beltran Leyva organization was known for corrupting the upper ranks of government and terrorizing communities," Selee said. "Following on the capture of 'El Chapo' Guzman and Miguel Trevino, this is probably the most elusive figure who has still been at large."
___
Associated Press writers Adriana Gomez-Licon in Sao Paulo and Peter Orsi in Mexico City contributed to this report.
___
E. Eduardo Castillo on Twitter: https://twitter.com/EECastilloAP
More:

Wall Street recovers from early sell-off© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fe8314f2-49e2-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Starting today  Tatkal tickets will cost moreStarting today, Tatkal tickets will cost more
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 02, 2014
First Published: 20:30 IST(2/10/2014) | Last Updated: 01:33 IST(3/10/2014)
Passengers buying Tatkal tickets during the festive season for the Delhi-Mumbai Rajdhani and 80 other premium trains will need to dig deeper into their pockets starting Friday.
 
The Railways said on Thursday that half of all Tatkal tickets on these trains would be put under the dynamic pricing system, effectively announcing a partial hike in passenger fares.
 
Under the new system, if the demand for Tatkal tickets goes up, their prices would proportionately increase.
 
The other 50% Tatkal tickets would be sold at existing rates. This system will be applicable in approximately 80 premier trains and at least five trains in each of the 17 Railway zones.
Under the Tatkal scheme, passengers can book tickets, over the counter or on the internet, 24 hours before a train is scheduled to depart.
Besides the two Delhi-Mumbai Rajdhanis, trains falling under the new mechanism will include the Ahmedabad-New Delhi Swarn Jayanti Rajdhani Express, the Bandra-Amritsar Paschim Express, the Mumbai-Amritsar Golden Temple Mail, the Bandra-Jodhpur Suryanagari Express and the New Delhi-Darbangha Swantrata Senani Express.
The move is aimed at cutting the public transporter’s losses in passenger earnings that zoomed to Rs. 25,000 crore this fiscal year. A decrease in international diesel rates had also led to the possibility of passenger fare reduction through adjustment of the Fuel Adjustment Component, due this month. Revenue earned from freight continue to subsidise passenger fares.
Tatkal prices were last hiked in April 2013. On June 25, railways minister DV Sadananda Gowda announced a hike of 14.2% in passenger fares across the board.

US Stocks Avoid a Fourth Straight LossesAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Modi puts Mahatma back in focusModi puts Mahatma back in focus
Zia Haq , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 02, 2014
First Published: 19:55 IST(2/10/2014) | Last Updated: 02:31 IST(3/10/2014)
Comments
By sweeping dirt on the pathway to Balmiki Sadan, a historic temple complex inside a spartan Delhi colony of sanitation workers, Narendra Modi thrust Mahatma Gandhi and one of his fading ideals back into public imagination in a rapidly modernising India.
The 150-year-old Balmiki Sadan temple is a vantage point for Modi to mount his first big campaign against social ills since becoming prime minister. Balmiki Sadan was constructed, like such temples elsewhere, by Valmikis -- a neglected Dalit group and erstwhile “untouchables” forbidden from mainstream Hindu religious places.
Gandhi’s birthday is a fitting platform for a mission for a filth-free India, “Swachh Bharat”. In his Independence Day speech, Modi talked of a clean India for Gandhi’s 150th birth anniversary on October 2, 2019.
Since taking office, Modi has repeatedly invoked Gandhi, who crusaded against both uncleanliness and discrimination against lower castes considered spiritually and physically unclean for much of India’s history. Cleanliness is more important than independence, Gandhi had once said.
On his first day in office, Modi tweeted a picture of him paying obeisance to a framed photograph of the Mahatma in his office room. He mentioned Gandhi while vowing to clean the Ganges. Just days ago in the US, he roused American-Indians, saying Gandhi was an “NRI like you”.
On Thursday Modi said, citing Gandhi: “Let us take a step to build the India of Bapu’s dreams.” Describing the logo for Swachh Bharat, he said the logo “depicts Bapu as looking at India through his spectacles”. “Bapu’s glasses capture the minutest of things…he is looking at the whole nation.”
“Swachh Bharat” enables Modi to enter Gandhi’s legacy through a pertinent but politically uncontestable issue: clean India.
Gandhi of course stood for many things, such as non-violence, composite culture and, importantly, his prescription for adjustments between Hindus and Muslim so that they live harmoniously.
Modi’s embrace of Gandhi has however sidestepped some problematic aspects of India’s history, such as the well-known repudiation of some equally abiding Gandhian ideas by the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh, Modi’s ideological fountainhead.

Chefs draw in crowds with new local cuisinesYou are here: Home > Collections
Luxury hotel chefs draw in the discerning crowds with new tastes from sundry local cuisines
Divya Sathyanarayanan, ET Bureau Oct 3, 2014, 05.50AM IST
Tags:
chefs
(Number of other five-star…)
MUMBAI: There's a reason why the new range of dishes that chef Hemant Oberoi serves at the Taj is called Iron Cuisine-—because charcoal-fired irons, exactly those that the istri-wala uses, are employed to cook the food. Oberoi hit upon the innovation while hunting for authentic cuisine and now this "tribute to the quintessential dhobi ghat in Mumbai" will be introduced at the Taj Mahal Mumbai this month.
Laundry, ironing—get the connection? Given the rise in the number of people eating out, almost 50% of revenues for a star hotel come from food and beverage sales. But top chefs at such hotels need to be innovative to compete with standalone, chef-driven restaurants that are giving hotels a run for their money. Hence the need to search for the unusual.
Like the Taj, a number of other five-star hotels have taken the lesson to heart and are venturing far and wide to discoverroots cuisine unknown to the urban palate. This includes authentic dishes associated with some of India's most iconic places of worship—Vaishno Devi in Jammu, the Golden Temple in Amritsar, Jagannath temple in Puri, the Kali temple in Kalighat, Kolkata, besides Nathdwara in Rajasthan and the Balaji temple in Tirupati.Secular sources are also being rediscovered.
Chef Surjan Singh Jolly, director of food and beverage at the JW Marriott in Bangalore will be travelling to Kolkata this week to learn Tangra cuisine from the locals. Tangra refers to the city's Chinatown and the particular form of Hakka Chinese cuisine that's available there, adapted to Indian ingredients and the Bengali palate. "It is very different as it is not the typical Hakka noodles that we find normally. The idea of the trip is to enjoy the sacredness and authenticity of the cuisine and bring the cuisine to our JW kitchen," said Jolly.
Praveen Anand, executive chef at ITC Hotels' Sheraton Park Hotel and Towers in Chennai, plans to travel to Madurai to unearth the nondescript shacks that sell dishes made from every part of the goat, including its blood. Among his discoveries in Madurai is the Khushboo Idli, named after the Tamil movie star, which uses castor seeds. Several hotel chains have gone beyond standard menus and are bringing community cuisines and flavours to their restaurants.
Franco-Pondicherry, Moplah, Tangra, Mudaliar are some of the new cuisines that top chefs from luxury hotels are learning from the local villages and areas where they originated.In June last year, ITC's Anand journeyed to explore the style of food in former French settlement Pondicherry, where that country's food is an inseparable part of the local cuisine.
"There are hardly any recipe books available for this cuisine, except for the one written by a mother and daughter duo way back in the 1920s in Tiruchirapalli, which is now in tatters," said Anand. Still, these recipes are carefully guarded by the older families there. After interacting with the locals and taking copious notes, Anand and his team came back to Sheraton Park to try the recipes.
The result was the Pondicherry food fest that took place at all the Dakshin restaurants in the ITC Hotels properties. After seeing the popularity of the festival, Anand now plans to make Pondicherry cuisine a regular feature on the Dakshin menu. Taj's Gateway hotels are known for seeking out home cooks who are local cuisine experts and getting them to display their skills in the restaurants.
Taj is now taking them to different Gateway properties across the country to show the uniqueness of these sub-cultural cuisines. "The cooking style is very different and we are now trying to promote these sub-culture cuisines in different parts of the country," said Natarajan Kulandai, corporate chef of the Gateway brand. Moplah cuisine—Muslim food from Kerala's Malabar coast—is gaining prominence in hotels such as The Leela and Taj's upscale brand Gateway.
 
Subaida Ashraf, the homemakerchef at the Gateway in Kozhikode, has visited group properties such as Taj Lands End in Mumbai, TajCoromandel in Chennai, Taj Bengal and the Gateway in Bangalore to conduct week-long Moplah food festivals. Last month, The Leela Palace in Chennai held a two-week promotion of Moplah cuisine that had almost 800 guests attending.
Chef Dharmen Makawana, executive chef at the hotel, is planning to showcase Kerala's Syrian Christian cuisine at Indian fine dining restaurant Jamavar early next year. "We will find out which restaurants are famous for this cuisine and try to connect with them, decide the menu structure, look at the signature dishes, and try to bring in chefs who specialise in this cuisine," said Makawana.
The prominence of these local subculture cuisines is gradually increasing. Natarajan of Gateway explained that the brand currently caters to around 25-30 requests per day for local cuisines compared with around fourfive just three years ago.
While chefs travel the extra mile to learn these unique cuisines, the challenge lies in sourcing ingredients. "Some ingredients are not available locally, so we try to coordinate and source these from the region to maintain the authenticity of the cuisine," said chef Velumurugan of south Indian specialty restaurant Dakshin at WelcomHotel Sheraton, New Delhi. Prices are mostly at par with regular dishes. "While these are not generally as expensive as other cuisines, the pricing also depends on the ingredients, availability and the kind of labour cost," said chef Oberoi of the Taj Group.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ex-Executive Convicted in NY Insider Trading CaseAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Ebola cases top 7 000 in West Africa: UNThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

5.29 crore accounts opened; 1.78 crore RuPay cards issued under PMJDYThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Asian Stocks Hesitant  Hong Kong Unrest and US Data in FocusThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

China Services Growth Dips to 8-Month Low in SeptemberThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Investors cut back on stock market positions as they wait for volatile end to 2014Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Its just a reverse gear to move harder with bang... .Platinum Member
23 Followers
I  THINK when markets open on tuesday,it will slip initially but any good news may take it up on closing.chances are it will be choppy n drag it down.no positive news at the moment.syria n iraq are two dragging factors.
7.37 PM Oct 3rd

It will goona rock soon happy to be able to bought on 180 levels.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

But don`t you think that parent idfc shareholders will get the idfc b...239 Followers
Dear Krishpkkkji,
Rightly said. However if one intends to profit it is imperative that we invest in the market. It is very difficult to time the absolute high and absolute lows of any stock and one needs to take some corrections in the stock in ones stride.
IDFC is a good company to invest in. I read a board which mentions every IDFC holder would get a stock of IDFC Bank. This will be a good value creation for existing stock holders.
IDFC moved from INR 90/- to current levels in the current run up however is far from its valuation peaks. I personally would be very comfortable buying IDFC between INR 120/- and INR 90/- in SIP`s to ensure my cost is averaged out.
3.30 PM Oct 4th

Mcx &ft shifted to `b` group in bse from `a` group. boarders dont tak...Gold Member
31 Followers
MCX &FT shifted to `B` group in BSE from `A` group.  Boarders dont take it as a negative again both will be shifted to `A` group once the business of both companies improves.
9.27 AM Oct 3rd  | Track

How Much Beer The World Drinks  In 1 Interactive Globereddit
Spend a weekend in nearly any college town in the U.S. and you'll be convinced that no one drinks more than Americans.
But it turns out the U.S. doesn't even come close to being the king of beer consumption compared to the rest of the world. Not even the master-brewer Belgians nor the Oktoberfest-loving Germans claim the top spot. That honor goes to the Czechs, who guzzle some 149 liters of beer, or about 315 pints, per person every year.
This interactive globe, made by Retale, an e-commerce company, ranks the top 50 countries by per capita beer consumption. To create the data, it relied on 2012 survey data collected by Kirin Holdings, a Japanese beer company.
Explore the rankings below. You can drag to any country on the globe or scroll through the rankings list. One liter is equal to 2.1 pints.
More:

Animal eating habitsThe face-off between vegetarians and meat-eaters is a product of sociopolitical and historical forces. Shutterstock
Aliens all: Could the brains of the PETA activists be shrinking?. Photo: P V Sivakumar
It was only after we started consuming animals that human civilisation began to develop, beginning with animal husbandry and agriculture, and culminating in the iPhone
We all love animals in different ways. I prefer them fried. According to French sociologist Pierre Bourdieu, this means I’m part of the economic striving class, as opposed to the cultural striving class. The cultural strivers prefer them boiled, roasted or sautéed, because this is far more cultured.
Not everyone agrees with him. Many of my friends are vegetarian. Whenever they come to dinner, we make sure we have some vegetarian food. On the other hand, whenever we go to their houses, they never arrange for non-veg. In all other respects, they are perfectly nice people, yet they never see how wrong this is. Because we eat meat, are we not human? Must common decencies not be observed? How did we end up divided like this? What historical or socio-political forces caused this schism? How has the pernicious practice of non-vegetarianism developed over the years, and how does it manifest itself in different cultures? These are some of the critical issues we shall examine today. Gruesome details will be fearlessly revealed. If you’re not vegetarian, I’m hoping you will be by the time you finish reading this.
Three million years ago, all of us were vegetarians. We subsisted on tree bark, nuts and berries. We were just another animal, amongst a host of other animals, grunting pleasantries at each other when we met at the watering hole, rather like the Madras Race Club. Around 2.7 million years ago, we started eating meat. The evidence is the cut-marks that have been discovered on fossilised bones, indicating butchery using sharp tools. It was only after we started consuming animals that human civilisation began to develop, beginning with animal husbandry and agriculture, and culminating in the iPhone. Thus non-vegetarianism, like the wheel, is one of the most important inventions in human history. However, cooking was invented around 8,00,000 years ago and perfected only recently by Sanjeev Kapoor. This means, for the better part of two million years, we’ve been eating meat raw.
Why did civilisation develop after we started eating meat? It was because it helped our brains grow. Meat contains high-quality proteins, as well as essential amino acids and micro-nutrients. Today, there are vegetarian foods that can provide these, like beans and tofu, but agriculture was only invented 12,000 years ago, and without bigger brains, we might never have invented it. No one knows when tofu was invented. The inventor chose to remain anonymous. The combination of meat and cooking was the key to our development. Cooked food takes less time to digest. An adult gorilla spends nine hours a day digesting his food, leaving him little time for painting or composing sonnets. The quick energy provided by cooked meat left us free to focus on other things, such as Candy Crush, and trying to understand why Arnab is angry.
Who we eat and how we eat them varies widely from culture to culture. Caution is called for while travelling. For example, if an Eskimo offers you ice cream, you should probably refuse, because they make it from reindeer fat. In Mexico, you should avoid the escamole, which is made from ant larvae. While accepting an invitation to dine in Japan, tell them you have a ‘no nakji’ policy. Nakji is a small, whole octopus, eaten live. The suckers often stick to the mouth and the throat, causing several deaths every year. In some cases, the non-veg creeps up on you. In Indonesia, the Kopi Luwak looks like coffee, but it’s made from beans excreted by civets. The English call it weasel coffee.
You might think these habits are restricted to the peculiar inhabitants of strange countries, and that you can relax with white people. This is not true. Fried brain sandwich is a delicacy in large parts of central United States, and tongue is a favourite in classy establishments from coast-to-coast. Haggis is freely available in Scottish supermarkets. It consists of the liver, heart and lungs of a sheep cooked in a sheep’s stomach. They add onions, herbs and oatmeal for flavour.
Which brings us to sex. As many devout Hindus have surmised, sex and non-veg are closely connected. The consumption of sex organs is common across cultures. Rocky Mountain oysters, for example, are not oysters. They are deep-fried bull calf testicles, also known as criadillas in Mexico. Apparently, they make men more virile. As do tiger penises, a sought after delicacy in China. It would seem obvious that consuming its penis is counter-productive, as this hampers further reproduction. But the Chinese are yet to realise this, and they are willing to pay high prices. Those who can’t afford tiger settle for donkey penis, sliced like salami, served on lettuce. It’s a specialty at the Guolizhuang restaurant on Dongsishitiao Street.
By now your non-veg friends must be looking far more inoffensive than you had originally thought, with their shami kababs and their chicken nuggets. Be kind to them, and be thankful you don’t live in China. And let’s just hope your brain isn’t shrinking.
(Shovon Chowdhury is the author of The Competent Authority)
(This article was published on September 26, 2014)
Related

Why has this Delhi woman decided to date 50 men this yearWhy has one Delhi woman announced that she will date 50 men this year?
Or is the question: why is she planning to date at all?
By Richa Kaul Padte | Grist Media –  Wed 1 Oct, 2014
Recommend
Print
Date Night by Kevin Dooley
When I first moved to Bombay four years ago, I quickly realized that the most frequent chat-up line boys would use on me was a credit card. A space in which this often played itself out would be a nightclub or a bar. It’s India, so we’ve got, you know, those “safety issues”, which means that you’re likely to only speak to new men who are friends of friends. But rather than speaking to me – or even dancing with me – they wanted to buy me drinks. Expensive drinks. Tall drinks. Large drinks. Cocktails whose names I didn’t fully understand.
Now, there’s a part of me that accepts that these men may have felt that I was more likely to have sex with them if I was blind drunk. This is probably true. However, as it happened in more and more circumstances, I began to get the sense that this – this “Here’s my shiny credit card” situation – was being used as an excuse for not having a conversation. Not listening to what I was saying. And not saying anything of substance themselves, because “the move” had already been made: I had a drink in my hand.
This scenario (at least for me; I know that the points of disillusionment will vary from woman to woman), has led to a new trend amongst my single heterosexual women friends. We are all spectacularly failing the Bechdel test. Not all the time, of course – at least 95 percent of my conversations with other women have little to do with our existing, hopeful, or imaginary dates. But what I’m finding is that the conversations in my rarefied, fairly progressive friendship circles eventually land upon and mull over the question: Where are all the interesting, dateable men?
If you’re like me – or like the countless middle-class urban Indian women who have frowned, laughed away, or truly despaired over this question – the most important lesson that 50 Dates In Delhi can teach you is that you must, by all means, rest assured that you are not alone.
Started by a 32-year-old woman who goes by the pseudonym Alice, 50 Dates in Delhi is a blog that takes its inspiration from 100 Dates of Summer – a blog from San Francisco chronicling Elise Moreno’s efforts to break her relationship pattern as a ‘serial monogamist’ by going on 100 summer dates with 100 different men. Alice calls her version of this much-publicized venture an “experiment with social anthropology”. Brutally and beautifully honest about her own life – for example, sharing the story of being a fat teenager in a school where “Alice likes you” was the worst weapon to use against a boy, or feeling the overwhelming panic of turning 30 – we accompany Alice on her journey through the perils, peeves and pleasures of going on 50 dates in India’s capital city.
Dates? With strangers? In our very own “rape capital city” you say? When I finally pin down the elusive Alice for an email interview, I am quick to ask her about safety – no doubt betraying my own small town misconceptions about living in Delhi. She adeptly shrugs it off. “Many people do worry, but I don’t think these people fully understand the Internet, me, or the contemporary world. If a girl who took a bus – not an auto – with a male companion not ‘too’ late at night could be brutally attacked, then what are the rules?” She goes on to clarify, “I don’t mean to say, ‘The world is scary for women, so hide, hide, hide.’ I mean, ‘The world is scary no matter what, so equip yourself to deal with it. Go out. Do things. Learn things.’”
Aside from the dates themselves – which range from delicious, mouth-watering South Indian meals to falling asleep from boredom over a very average conversation – Alice frames her narrative around four theories that essentially comprise the hypothesis of her experiment.
Theory Number One: How Desi Boys are Raised, talks about the fact that “guys are just not taught, as a rule, to accept, acknowledge and articulate their emotional responses to things, because it is not manly.” Theory Number Two is The Dating Bathtub, which is comprises anecdotal, personal evidence as to why, realistically speaking, Delhi’s “dating pool” at her age is closer to the size of a bathtub. Theory Number Three, The Dating Desert, uses the expected trajectory of meet-by-25-married-by-28 to determine the reasons why there are no eligible men by the time we hit 30 (according to Alice, these factors range from “commitment-phobe” to “all-round player”). And then there’s Theory Number Four: The Danger Zone, which addresses all the ridiculous games that getting into a relationship entails playing.
What ties these theories together? I’d see it as perhaps an overwhelming sense of disillusionment combined with a genuine attempt to understand the deep-seated layers of muck through which we conduct our love lives.
By calling out what Alice sees as the conventions by which women are expected to desire men, 50 Dates attempts to expose what the rules for at least a certain group of women’s lives are. It’s almost as if someone took the deeply misogynist bestseller The Game: Penetrating the Secret Society of Pickup Artists, magnified each page in the middle of a circus ring, and encouraged the audience to point and laugh at the sheer ridiculousness it espouses. Albeit with the kind of laughter that comes from horror and/or despair, but either way: the jig is up, because the unspoken game has been named.
But has it? While looking through Alice’s website – which is full, incidentally, of compelling, thoroughly engaging narratives – I can’t shake the sense that there is an incredibly large gap between the stories of these structured dates and the lived, messy realities of actually meeting someone. I think back to all those times a friend’s hand (friend within scare quotes) has brushed my arm for a second longer than it needed to, giving both of us pause for thought. When the night started out as being about a drum ‘n’ bass rave and ended up quite somewhere else. When I went for a drive on a sleepless night by Bombay’s seafront together with a boy who was also craving strawberries and cream – but suddenly I wasn’t quite sure what was going on anymore.
Surely, I ask myself, the landscape of “dating” is a lot more squeamish and filthy and also, yes, wonderful, than a bunch of prearranged dates can afford?
To better answer this question, I ask writer and filmmaker Paromita Vohra – who wrote this wonderful piece on love and online dating for Valentine’s Day this year and writes a weekly column in Mumbai Mirror called ‘How to Find Indian Love’ – what her thoughts on the matter are. “It’s always been mysterious to me how before there was online dating, people defined what was a date and what was not a date,” she says. “Before, you just hung out with people, you couldn’t really tell, and a range of confusions would be carried out. Do I like him? Does he like me? Now [with online dating], there seems to be a methodology in place.” From what began over 10 years ago as people meeting up in chat rooms (remember giving out your A/S/L?) to Orkut and Facebook to the development of OKCupid, Tinder and other dating portals, the idea of “going on a date” has entered our imaginations in a way that we hadn’t seen in India before.
Moreover, as far as the documentation of dating across the world goes, Alice certainly isn’t the only one keeping record. In March 2013, two New York-based friends launched Forty Days of Dating : a challenge to date each other for forty days, while keeping a detailed log of their experiences. Or there’s Hit and Mrs , a blog of “just another Bombay girl, trying to find a ‘suitable’ match”. Or An Indian Girl’s Dating Diary , a London-based website of a South Asian girl’s dates. In fact, a few well-worded Google searches will show that there are countless people using the Internet to document the trials and tribulations of figuring out their own, particular dating scene.
But while many of these projects are more about keeping a record of dating, 50 Dates actually lays out a concrete roadmap for what these dates should look like. In a set of rules that define what a date is and is not (for example, it can be going for a coffee but not “hanging out” at someone’s house) and clearly states that “sex is off the table”, I begin to wonder if the project is perhaps limiting more than it is opening up.
Since I personally tend to feel that sex is something that is always on the table when establishing intimacy with someone, I ask Alice about the reasoning for this rule. She feels that the answer is pretty obvious. “I live in Delhi. Why do you think there’s a no-sex rule?!” she says. “Generally speaking…no sex on the first date is an excellent rule, because it keeps guys from panicking about what you’re going to make of it. Not that anything can really stop them from panicking about this, but still.” Wait, I think. Make of what exactly? While it’s true that society makes many negative assumptions about a woman who is sexually forward, according to me that’s no reason to keep reinforcing this unfair expectation on ourselves.
But perhaps the more important point to be made here is not that sex on the first date is fine, but that the outcome of the evening has already been predetermined. Interestingly, when I chat to Vohra on the phone, she answers my question before I’ve even asked it. “In a way, a date is about something unforeseen happening,” she tells me. “If you are going to be so pre-defined about what’s going to happen between two people, how is that a date?” A date, after all, isn’t just about a series of items or activities happening in a mutually pleasurable manner, be it flowers, coffee, drinks, or conversation. It’s about possibility; it’s about entering into the unknown.
But now it’s got me thinking: if meeting someone new happens in a range of complicated, unplanned ways giving rise to complicated, unplanned feelings, is the idea of a ‘date’, in itself, a fairly antiquated concept? I know the answer to this question will entirely depend on the particular circumstances and universes of the two people concerned. For some, dating itself may be revolutionarily new – filled with possibilities because of the sheer fact that it’s taking place at all. I know that for myself, on the other hand, the realities of love and sex are far messier, and are more likely to involve an intimate dance move than a conversation over coffee. But perhaps – and most crucially – maybe we don’t need to choose. It isn’t a decision that sets itself up as ‘dinner versus dance floor’ or ‘movie versus unplanned sex’.
So while Alice’s experiment is an exciting, bold and vulnerable record of navigating the world of dating in Delhi, I can’t help but stop to pay a quick homage to those arm brushes and sly hand-holdings and all the possible not-quite-dates that made me, and perhaps you too, stop and think – “Maybe”.
* * *
Maybe. Maybe it’s time to return to the question we started out with: “Where are all the interesting, dateable men?” When I ask Vohra, in response to my question she asks me another one: “Is it that there are no dateable men, or that they’re just a lot more eligible women?” This sounds immediately appealing to me, but I don’t know the answer. She goes on to explain, “Today there may be more women who are exceptional in their worlds – more experimental, open, fearless, and willing to try out something new. And aren’t these the same women who are asking the question [about eligible men]?”
According to Vohra, when women deviate even slightly from the paths laid out for them, they are radicalizing their lives, and thus radicalizing themselves. In other words, when we reject the conventions forced upon us by others – something that has previously been possible only for men – we start to see the world differently. We want more – from ourselves, and from the men we love. We don’t always want marriages, but we may want more loves. We don’t necessarily want shiny credit cards, but we may we want conversations or a swing-dancing partner.
In this way, 50 Dates, in both its record-keeping and its goal,can be read as a radical departure from what we, as women, are ‘expected’ to do with our romantic lives. Not to go on 50 dates with 50 men in one year. Surely not to write about it, for all the world to see. And definitely not to come away from the project with anything less than a husband-to-be.
In keeping with this possibility of radical departure, Alice tells me, “I think I’m past the stage where I believe I am entitled to a relationship. If I get one now, it’s a gift.”
So, maybe, if a relationship is no longer The Goal, ‘anything’ is possible. And after all, isn’t it just that – the very possibility of ‘anything’ – that dates are all about?
Richa Kaul Padteis a writer, tea drinker, and bass-music lover. She writes at richakaulpadte.com and tweets @hirishitalkies.
Recommend

Why you should not be scared of the word fatIndo-Asian News Service | Posted: October 1, 2014 10:37 am
There is this common perception that eating fat is bad for health and waistline, but very few know that healthy fats are essential for good health.
Leading health and nutrition experts have come together to dispel the common myths around fat in our diet, revealing that a “fear of fat” and modern eating habits are resulting in too little “good” fat, such as Omega-3, being consumed.
This lack of understanding about “good” fats and our increasing reliance on convenience foods, which often contain trans fats, may be putting our heart health at risk, reports femalefirst.co.uk.
“The word ‘fat’ carries many negative connotations and as such, this nutrient continues to be one of the most demonised food groups,” said nutritionist Christine Bailey.
“In reality, fats are incredibly important to our overall health and we should focus on achieving the right balance in our diets, embracing sources of ‘good’ fat such as omega-3 fatty acids EPA and DHA, which are proven to support heart health,” added Bailey.
Omega-3s are essential fatty acids which must be obtained through the diet as the body can’t efficiently produce them independently. Guidelines recommend that a healthy diet should include at least two portions of fish a week, including one portion of oily fish. However, latest studies show many of us are not eating enough. Hence, we may not be getting the levels of Omega-3s that our body requires.
“The key is focusing on making simple, positive changes, such as including oily fish like mackerel or salmon in your diet, or experimenting with flaxseed oil in cooking as opposed to using oils high in saturated fat,” said Bailey.
Just as modern eating habits have altered, the way we consume information and make health decisions has also changed due to the huge volume of information available at our fingertips.
“Today’s consumers are better informed but not better educated. All too often, people absorb information they see without truly understanding it and it is this lack of understanding, which also applies to the issue of fat consumption that we need to address,” said an expert Roger Henderson.
It is also said that including too much saturated or “bad” fats in diets can increase health risk, while incorporating sources of unsaturated “good” fats in our diets, such as omega-3, can help support heart health.

Bitter Sarita refuses bronze medalUpdated: October 2, 2014 00:26 IST
Bitter Sarita refuses bronze medal
Special Correspondent
AP India's L. Sarita Devi cries looking at a medal after she refused to accept her bronze medal during the medal ceremony for the women’s light 60-kilogram division boxing at the 17th Asian Games in Incheon on Wednesday.
TOPICS
Summer Asian Games
A day after the jury’s controversial verdict denied her an entry into the final, lightweight boxer L. Sarita Devi again made news by refusing to accept her bronze medal.
There was a bit of a drama at the medals ceremony where Sarita, in tears, first refused to accept the medal.
A little later, after taking it, she walked around the podium, placed it around the Korean silver medallist Park Ji Na’s neck in whose favour the semifinal verdict went on Tuesday.
A stunned Park tried to give back the medal but when the Indian did not accept it, the Korean placed it on the podium and left. Sarita’s medal is now with the organisers.
“I didn’t deserve a bronze, I deserved at least a silver but they cheated me, so I gave it back,” said Sarita. “I am now relieved, otherwise, this bitter issue will torment me for long.”
Her husband Thoiba Singh said the controversy should open the eyes of the world body AIBA and boxing officials.
“Since we have made such a big protest about it, it will help people take notice of the issue and clean up boxing,” he explained.
“What surprises and upsets us is that nobody from the IOA, or anybody else, came to talk to her or even phone her,” said Thoiba. They even had to borrow some money to file the protest.
“The protest fee was $500 and since we did not have enough money, a journalist offered us $100 to pay the protest fee,” he said. Sarita now hopes to focus on the upcoming Nationals and the world championships.

US student rallies to support Hong Kong protestersProtesters hold up signs and umbrellas they gather outside of the Hong Kong Economic and Trade Office in San Francisco (Source: AP)
Associated Press | New York | Posted: October 2, 2014 9:43 am | Updated: October 2, 2014 9:44 am
Students bearing umbrellas as a sign of solidarity gathered at rallies in several US cities on Wednesday to show support for pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong.
Altogether, hundreds were expected at Umbrella Revolution rallies in 40 US cities, including New York, San Francisco, Boston and Chicago, organizers said.
In New York, students were to gather in Times Square on Wednesday evening, organizer Anna Cheung said. Earlier, students, many of them from Hong Kong, handed out more than 1,000 fliers and hundreds of yellow ribbons at the University of California, Berkeley. In San Francisco’s Chinatown, scores of people demonstrated with signs, bearing such messages as “you are not alone” and “united for democracy,” and umbrellas, which have become symbols of the civil disobedience movement in Hong Kong, where protesters have used umbrellas to deflect police pepper spray.
“We feel like many Americans don’t really know what’s happening in Hong Kong,” said June Lai, 20, a student organizer of the Berkeley demonstration. “They may know about protests and movement, but they don’t know about its origin.”
University of California at Berkeley students pass out yellow ribbons and educate others in support for the Umbrella Revolution, a group seeking democracy in Hong Kong (Source: AP)
Tens of thousands of people have rallied in Hong Kong since last week. They’ve threatened to occupy key government buildings unless a top official resigns.
The protesters oppose Beijing’s decision last month that candidates in the territory’s inaugural 2017 elections must be approved by a committee of mostly pro-Beijing local elites. The protesters see China as reneging on a promise that the chief executive will be chosen through universal suffrage.
They are posing the stiffest challenge to Beijing’s authority since China took control of the former British colony in 1997.
China’s communist government has condemned the student-led protests as illegal, though Beijing has left it up to local Hong Kong authorities to handle the demonstrations. Police fired tear gas and pepper spray over the weekend in an unsuccessful attempt to disperse the activists.
Alice Ching, who attended the demonstration in San Francisco, said the students are “very brave to come out and talk about the situation.”
Charles Cheung, left, leads protesters in a chant as they gather outside of the Hong Kong Economic and Trade Office in San Francisco continued…

Murty helps Mphasis manage liquidity betterStory
On Solid Footing
"We invest only in liquid mutual funds, bank deposits, and short-duration fixed maturity plans, which are not subject to any interest rate volatility," says Murthy.
Ganesh Murthy, Former CFO and EVP, MphasiS. Photo: Nilotpal Baruah
BT-Yes Bank Best CFOs Survey
Consistent Liquidity Management (Large Companies)
WINNER: Ganesh Murthy, Former CFO and EVP, MphasiS
Ganesh Murthy, 52, had been with Mphasis for five years and has now moved on to Dell Services, but not before he put the company's balancesheet on a solid footing. When Murthy joined Mphasis from HP in 2009, the company had $12 million cash. Today, it has $430 million, after many acquisitions and dividend payouts.
Where does he park the money?
Mphasis, India's sixth-largest IT services company with revenues of Rs 5,796 crore in 2013, has a simple investment policy. The focus is safety, liquidity and returns. "We invest only in liquid mutual funds, bank deposits, and short-duration fixed maturity plans, which are not subject to any interest rate volatility ," says Murthy. Most of its cash - Rs 2,080 crore - is in liquid mutual funds. Only Rs 100 crore are in bank deposits. "Our return is 6.3 per cent net of taxes last year. We have done a benchmarking with other Indian IT service companies - most of them have a return of 6 per cent," Murthy says.
The company does not invest in anything that exceeds 10 per cent of the corpus of the fund. If the fund size is Rs 1,000 crore, for instance, it does not invest more than Rs 100 crore in that fund.
Murthy says the company's treasury policies have not changed much in the last five years. It monitors the receivables closely and has made good progress over the last few quarters. The debtors turnover ratio at 9 in 2012/13 indicates debtors buy and pay nine times a year. The credit goes to the CFO in faster conversion of debtors to cash.
"Our DSO (Day Sales Outstanding) has improved considerably over the last few quarters. In the March quarter, we were at 71 days. The industry average is 76-80 days," Murthy says and adds that DSO was more than 80 days for the company earlier.

Asian Games 2014: Indian men rule hockey turf  confirm ticket to Rio 
 
A spirited Indian men’s hockey team defeated arch-rivals and defending champions Pakistan 4-2 in a nerve-wracking shoot-out to end its 16-year gold medal draught in the Asian Games and earn a direct berth to the 2016 Rio Olympics.
It turned out to be a humdinger of a contest between the two sub-continental foes as both India and Pakistan refused to give an inch to each other in the entire 60 minutes of a keenly contested tussle.
It took a shoot-out to determine the winner as both the teanm were locked 1-1 in the regulation time of the summit clash at the Seonhak Hockey Stadium.
Pakistan started brightly and broke the deadlock as early as the third minute of the match through Muhammad Rizwan Sr before Kothajit Singh (27th) equalised for India in the second quarter.
The two teams continued their battle after change of ends but failed to breach the rival citadels inspite of creating
numerous scoring chances, forcing the match into the shoot-off.
In the one-on-one shoot-off situation, Akashdeep Singh, Rupinderpal Singh, Birendra Lakra and Dhramvir Singh scored for India, while Manpreet Singh turned out to be the fall guy.
But all credit to Indian custodian and vice-captain P R Sreejesh, who produced breathtaking saves in the shoot-off to deny Pakistan’s Abdul Haseem Khan and Muhammad Umar Butta. Muhammad Waqas and Shafqat Rasool scored the goals for Pakistan.
By virtue of the coveted gold medal here, India have earned a direct qualification to Rio Olympics, while Pakistan will have to go through the qualifiers. The last time India won the gold medal was in the 1998 Asian Games in Bangkok.

European stocks decline ahead of ECB statement; Dax down 0.56%Oct 02, 2014, 01.05 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
European stocks decline ahead of ECB statement; Dax down 0.56%
European stocks decline ahead of ECB statement; Dax down 0.56%
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
European stocks decline ahead of ECB statement; Dax down 0.56%
European stocks decline ahead of ECB statement; Dax down 0.56%
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - European stocks were broadly lower on Thursday, as investors remained cautious ahead of the European Central Bank's highly anticipated policy statement later in the day.
During European morning trade, the DJ Euro Stoxx 50 lost 0.61%, France's CAC 40 retreated 0.40%, while Germany's DAX declined 0.56%.
Markets were jittery after data on Wednesday showed that Germany's manufacturing sector slid into contraction territory for the first time in 14 months.
Earlier in the week, data showed that the annual rate of euro area inflation fell to a five year low of 0.3% in September.
The weak data added to pressure on the ECB to implement additional stimulus measures to stave off the threat of deflation in the region, ahead of its monthly meeting later Thursday.
Financial stocks were steady to lower, as French lenders BNP Paribas (PARIS:BNPP) and Societe Generale (PARIS:SOGN) lost 0.06% and 0.65%, while Germany's Deutsche Bank (XETRA:DBKGn) eased 0.08%.
Among peripheral lenders, Unicredit (MILAN:CRDI) slipped 0.28% and Intesa Sanpaolo (MILAN:ISP) rose 0.24% in Italy, while Spanish banks Banco Santander (MADRID:SAN) and BBVA (MADRID:BBVA) retreated 0.59% and 1.02% respectively.
Elsewhere, Philips Kon (AMS:PHG) dropped 0.57% after jurors handed the world's largest lighting company a $466 million defeat for infringing Masimo Corporation (NASDAQ:MASI) patents covering technology used in fingertip devices.
On the upside, Orange (PARIS:ORAN) shares gained 0.31% amid reports the phone company is working on a distribution agreement with Netflix Inc (NASDAQ:NFLX) and may unveil it in the coming weeks.
In London, FTSE 100 slid 0.39%, as U.K. lenders tracked their European counterparts lower.
Shares in HSBC Holdings (LONDON:HSBA) dipped 0.02% and the Royal Bank of Scotland (LONDON:RBS) edged down 0.16%, while Lloyds Banking (LONDON:LLOY) fell 0.18% and Barclays (LONDON:BARC) slumped 0.38%.
Babcock International Group (LONDON:BAB) led losses on the index, plummeting 3.82% after saying that it is considering splitting its power-generation and government and nuclear operations businesses into two separate publicly traded companies.
Mining stocks added to losses, as Bhp Billiton (LONDON:BLT) and Rio Tinto (LONDON:RIO) slipped 0.14% and 0.20%, while Glencore Xstrata (LONDON:GLEN) and Vedanta Resources (LONDON:VED) retreated 0.53% and 0.74% respectively.
In the U.S., equity markets pointed to a moderately lower open. The Dow 30 futures pointed to a 0.08% loss, S&P 500 futures signaled a 0.02% dip, while the NASDAQ 100 futures indicated a 0.12% fall.
Also Thursday, official data showed that the number of unemployed people in Spain rose by 19,700 last month, compared to expectations for an increase of 31,300, after a 8,100 rise in August.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Weak energy shares pull down US marketWeak energy shares pull down US market
Reuters
Tweet
NEW YORK, Oct 2:  
U.S. stocks were lower in late morning trading on Thursday, putting the S&P 500 on track for a fourth session of losses, as energy shares dropped with oil prices. Stocks extended Wednesday's sharp decline even after a positive reading on the labor market.
The S&P energy index was down 1.5 per cent and was in negative territory for the year. Among the most active names, Halliburton Co shares were down 3.6 per cent.
On Wednesday, indexes posted declines of more than 1 percent after a patient was diagnosed with Ebola in the United States, sparking a broad decline that hit airlines and transportation stocks especially hard.
"A lot of people got freaked out yesterday, and it is natural to have a selloff, but I don't see any reason for why we'd continue to fall," said James Altucher, managing director at Formula Capital in New York. "In the long run, anyone holding the market now will win big."
Investors were continuing to watch small-caps after the Russell 2000 index on Wednesday closed down more than 10 percent from its record, putting it in correction territory. The Russell 2000 was down just 0.2 per cent on Thursday.
The Dow Jones industrial average was falling 58.67 points, or 0.35 per cent, to 16,746.04, the S&P 500 was losing 9.15 points, or 0.47 per cent, to 1,937.01 and the Nasdaq Composite was dropping 26.82 points, or 0.61 per cent, to 4,395.26.
The largest percentage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was RealD, which was rising 26.44 percent, while the largest percentage decliner was Exco Resources, down 18.11 percent.
Declining issues were outnumbering advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,872 to 1,011, for a 1.85-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 1,355 issues were falling and 1,145 advancing for a 1.18-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
The benchmark S&P 500 index was posting 3 new 52-week highs and 23 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 10 new highs and 104 new lows.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

55 Indian fishermen captured by Pakistan; 8 boats seizedOct 02, 2014 at 11:40pm IST
55 Indian fishermen captured by Pakistan; 8 boats seized
25
0
Ahmedabad: In the second such incident within a week, the Pakistan Maritime Security Agency (PMSA) has apprehended 55 fishermen from Gujarat in the Indian waters and also seized their boats near Jakhau port off the Gujarat coast, National Fishworkers' Forum (NFF) said on Wednesday.
"The Pakistan Maritime Security Agency late last night arrested 55 fishermen from Gujarat and also seized eight of their boats off the Jakhau coast in Arabian sea," NFF secretary Manish Lodhari told PTI here.
PMSA had apprehended 27 fishermen, along with their five boats, off the Gujarat coast on September 27 for "violating the territorial waters of the country."
PMSA had apprehended 27 fishermen, along with their five boats, off the Gujarat coast on September 27 for "violating the territorial waters of the country."
#india #pakistan #boat #fisherman
"The names of apprehended fishermen are not known yet but the Forum came to know that seven boats (seized) were from Porbandar and one boat from Okha," Lodhari said.
Indian and Pakistani anglers are frequently detained on the charge of violation of territorial waters as the two countries' borders are not clearly defined in the Arabian Sea. Many are sent to jail where they languish for at least a year before being handed over to the authorities in their homeland.
While India had freed 37 Pakistani fishermen held for almost 16 months in May, Pakistan reciprocated by releasing 151 Indian prisoners in the same month and also returned 57 fishing boats as a goodwill gesture ahead of their Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's attendance at Narendra Modi's swearing-in as Indian premier.
3

Assam flood toll rises to 44  nearly four lakh still affectedOct 03, 2014 at 12:27am IST
Assam flood toll rises to 44, nearly four lakh still affected
21
0
Guwahati: The flood situation in Assam remained serious with report of one more death today, taking the toll to 44 so far and affecting nearly four lakh people in the state.
According to the daily flood report by Assam State Disaster Management Authority (ASDMA), one body was recovered in Morigaon district.
With this, 20 persons have lost their lives in Goalpara, followed by 16 deaths in Kamrup Rural, six in Kamrup Metro and one each in Morigaon and Dhubri during the latest wave of floods in Assam.
The flood situation in Assam remained serious with report of one more death today, taking the toll to 44 so far and affecting nearly four lakh people in the state.
ASDMA said 242 villages across four districts are still affected in the flood with nearly four lakh people suffering due to the flood waters.
In Goalpara, nearly 3.7 lakh people are affected, followed by around 15,000 in Kamrup Rural, it added.
The authorities are operating 35 relief camps and shelter homes, where around 21,000 people are staying at this moment.
Over 50,000 hectares of crop area are still under water across the state. In Goalpara, over 37,000 hectares of area have been affected, hitting nearly 83,000 farm families.
In Goalpara, 81,582 houses were either fully or partially damaged due to the flood.
Besides a large number of roads and bridges, ASDMA said there have been reports of severe damage of government infrastructure like schools, health centres and offices in many districts n account of the natural disaster.
Meanwhile, Kopili river is flowing above the danger mark at Dharamtul in Nagaon, ASDMA said. The affected four districts are Goalpara, Kamrup Rural, Dhemaji and Nagaon.
3

Day 13 lucky for India  men deliver gold in hockey and women in 4x400m relayPress Trust of India | Posted: October 3, 2014 12:31 am
The Indian men’s hockey team regained the gold medal after a gap of 16 years while the women’s 4x400m relay team also picked up a yellow metal as India added four medals to jump to the ninth position in the overall standings in the 17th Asian Games in Incheon on Thursday.
The men’s hockey players hogged the spotlight with the thrilling victory over arch-rivals Pakistan to ensure a berth in the 2016 Rio Olympics.
The women 4x400m relay team, comprising Priyanka Panwar, Tintu Luka, Mandeep Kaur and M R Poovamma, then added to the euphoria by clinching the gold medal with the Asian Games record timing.
Boxers Satish Kumar (+91kg) and Vikas Krishnan (75kg) contributed to the medal collection as they settled for bronze medals on a relatively good day for the Indians.
With the addition of four medals, India, overnight at 11th position, jumped to the ninth spot with a total haul of 54 — 9 gold, 9 silver and 36 bronze. Powerhouse China maintained their supremacy with a tally of 321 medals followed by South Korea (211) and Japan (184).
India also kept themselves on course for the gold medals in men’s and women’s kabaddi after making it to the finals.
A spirited Indian team prevailed over arch-rivals and defending champions Pakistan 4-2 in a nerve-wracking shoot-out to end its 16-year gold medal draught. The last time India had won a gold medal in Asian Games was in Bangkok in 1998.
It turned out to be a humdinger of a contest between the two sub-continental foes as both India and Pakistan refused to give an inch to each other in the entire 60 minutes of a keenly contested tussle.
It took a shoot-out to determine the winner as both the teams were locked 1-1 in the regulation time of the summit clash at the Seonhak Hockey Stadium.
Pakistan started brightly and broke the deadlock as early as the third minute of the match through Muhammad Rizwan Sr before Kothajit Singh (27th) equalised for India in the second quarter.
The two teams continued their battle after change of ends but failed to breach the rival citadels inspite of creating numerous scoring chances, forcing the match into the shoot-off.
In the one-on-one shoot-off situation, Akashdeep Singh, Rupinderpal Singh, Birendra Lakra and Dhramvir Singh scored for India, while Manpreet Singh turned out to be the fall guy.
But all credit to Indian custodian and vice-captain P R Sreejesh, who produced breathtaking saves in the shoot-off to deny Pakistan’s Abdul Haseem Khan and Muhammad Umar Butta.
Muhammad Waqas and Shafqat Rasool scored the goals for Pakistan.
In athletics, India continued their stranglehold in women’s 4x400m relay event in the Asian Games as its quartet ran a brilliant race to win the gold for the fourth time on the trot continued…

Jacques Kallis guides KKR to final of CLT20 2014KKR's Jack Kallis finally came to his own as he scored a match-winning knock of 54 runs. (Source: BCCI)
Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: October 2, 2014 10:18 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 12:32 am
Veteran Jacques Kallis brought his years of experience into play as he guided Kolkata Knight Riders to its maiden Oppo Champions League T20 final having comfortably beaten Australia’s Hobart Hurricanes by seven wickets in Hyderabad on Thursday .
Chasing a target of 141, Kallis anchored the chase to perfection with an invaluable unbeaten 54 as the reigning IPL champions knocked off the runs in 19.1 overs to win their record 14th match on trot.
Kallis added 63 runs for the third wicket with Manish Pandey, whose 32-ball-40 also proved to be priceless in the final context of the match.
Kallis on his part hit four boundaries and two sixes in his 40-ball innings.
The legendary all-rounder, who will be turning 39, finished the match with a mistimed pull-shot off Doug Bollinger, which went for a six as Ben Hilfenhaus, failed to
take a simple catch at deep backward square leg.
At the time of victory, Kallis had Yusuf Pathan (14 no) for company and the Baroda dasher showed maturity by not attempting any rash stroke during their 34 run unbroken stand.
It was the 13th over of the KKR innings turned out to be unlucky for the Hurricanes as Pandey going for an expansive drive was caught by glovesman Ben Dunk off Hilfenhaus.
However the TV replays showed that the bowler has overstepped and Pandey, then on 22, got a lifeline.
Pandey spanked the free-hit for a one-bounce four in the long-off region followed by a classic cover drive as KKR suddenly took control of the proceedings.
In the next over bowled by Bollinger, the Bangalore lad flicked the bowler for a six as the Hurricanes suddenly went off the boil.
Kallis, on the otherhand, played his customary game by rotating the strike but hit a few classy boundaries including one off his hips off Hilfenhaus.
He also showed his class as he came down the track to lift left-arm spinner Xavier Doherty for the first of his two sixes.
It was vintage Kallis at his best after KKR lost their skipper Gautam Gambhir (4) and Robin Uthappa (17) for 44 runs on the board.
Earlier, opting to bat, Hobart Hurricanes couldn’t make best use of the conditions as they managed only 140 for six in the stipulated 20 overs.
Most of the Hobart batsmen found it difficult against a disciplined KKR attack barring city’s son-in-law Shoaib Malik, who smashed an unbeaten 66 off 46 balls with four boundaries and an equal number of sixes. Opener Ben Dunk made the other significant contribution with 39 off 29 balls with four boundaries and a six.
Courtesy Malik, Hurricanes could post a reasonable total as he launched into young chinaman bowler Kuldeep Yadav, who was taken for 21 runs in the penultimate over. He hit Kuldeep for two huge sixes and a couple of boundaries.
It was last over of Kuldeep’s spell and he had brilliant figures of 30-10-1 to continued…
He also showed his class as he came down the track to lift left-arm spinner Xavier Doherty

Narine reported for suspect illegal bowling action again  can t bowl in CLT20 finalSunil Narine has been KKR's go to bowler over the past four seasons of the IPL. (Source: BCCI)
Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: October 2, 2014 11:38 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 11:45 pm
West Indies off-spinner Sunil Narine has been reported for a suspect illegal bowling action for the second time in the ongoing Champions League Twenty20 and he is set to be suspended from bowling in KKR’s final match in Bangalore on Saturday, according to reports.
ESPNcricinfo said that Narine was reported by the umpires after the first semi-final against Hobart Hurricanes here today. Narine took 1/24 in KKR’s seven-wicket win over Hurricanes.
“Kolkata Knight Riders’ Sunil Narine cannot bowl in the Champions League T20 final on Saturday, after he was reported for a second time in two matches for a suspect action,” a report in the ESPNcricinfo said.
“He was reported by the umpires after the semi-final against Hobart Hurricanes on Thursday, which Knight Riders had won by seven wickets. Earlier, he had been reported following their final group match, against Dolphins,” it said.
Former India all-rounder Ravi Shastri also said while commentating during the CLT20 second semifinals that Narine has been reported for the second time during the first semifinal between KKR and Hobart Hurricanes here today.
Narine has been reported by match officials for a suspected illegal bowling action following his side’s 36-run win over Dolphins in the CLT20 Group A match here on Monday.
Narine, under CLT20 guidelines, was placed on the tournament’s ‘warning list’ while allowing to play.
However, after his action was reported again today, he is set to be suspended from bowling for the remainder of the tournament.
HAFEEZ ALSO REPORTED
Pakistan’s spinning all-rounder Mohammad Hafeez today said he was surprised but not concerned after his bowling was reported in an Indian domestic tournament, adding he had no plans to modify his action.
The 33-year-old is key to Pakistan’s attack in their series against Australia which starts with a Twenty20 against Australia in Dubai on Sunday, particularly after the suspension of ace spinner Saeed Ajmal whose action was found to be illegal in testing last month.
The report by on-field umpires in the Indian tournament has no bearing on international cricket, but Pakistan coach Waqar Younis told AFP it would “shatter” the all-rounders confidence.
Hafeez, however, said he was unfazed. “I am surprised over my action being reported because I am bowling like this for the last 11 years,” he told AFP before departing for Dubai.
“I have played six major world events: two World Cups and three World Twenty20s and nobody had ever questioned my action, this is a big surprise for me,” he added.
The International Cricket Council began a crackdown on illegal bowling actions in June, deciding to strictly enforce its 15 degree limit on elbow flex — the point where a kink becomes visible to the naked eye.
The ICC suspended Sri Lanka’s Sachitra Senanayake and New Zealand’s Kane Williamson before Ajmal, while three more international bowlers have been reported and now face testing.

Game up for Kalmadi His Cong friends keep him at armslengthSuresh Kalmadi
Written by Ajay Khape | Pune | Posted: October 3, 2014 4:40 am
In the hectic political developments in the run up to the Assembly elections, the absence of former city MP Suresh Kalmadi is being seen as an end to the role of the leader in city politics. Even his erstwhile staunch supporters, who are contesting on Congress tickets, are keeping away from him in the stiff contest they are facing in the multi-corner Assembly polls.
“There is no role for Kalmadi in the elections and the topic is over for the Congress,” said Sanjay Balgude, acting city Congress chief.
On pointing out that Congress candidate Vishwajeet Kadam met Kalmadi during the Lok Sabha elections and that the former MP had issued a letter of support to the Congress candidate, Balgude said, “Kalmadi was a sitting MP at that time. Now, the situation is different. There is no need for any party candidate to meet him and nobody has gone to seek his support.”
During the Lok Sabha elections, Ramesh Bagwe and a few other party leaders stood by Kalmadi as the leader sought a party ticket. Bagwe, a staunch supporter of Kalmadi, is contesting the Assembly elections from Pune Cantonment. His two other supporters — Abhay Chhajed and Umesh Kandhare — too are in the fray from Parvati and Kothrud Assembly segments, respectively.
Meanwhile, the efforts to contact Kalmadi did not yield result as his staff said the leader was busy with family matters.
A senior city Congress leader said Kalmadi was completely out of city politics and his supporters also kept him at arm’s length.
“Kalmadi is neither an MP now, nor is he part of the Congress so his influence in city politics is over. His supporters have also started moving away from him as now he is of no use to them in their growth in the party,” he said.
Earlier, Kalmadi, despite being suspended by the Congress, was playing a crucial role in city politics and was able to get party tickets for his supporters in civic elections.

Borgaon village mourns death of itsheroBrigadier Anurag Bhasin, Commandant, BEG & Centre in Khadki, pays homage to Captain Avinash Somvanshi.
Written by Sushant Kulkarni | Osmanabad | Posted: October 3, 2014 4:28 am
I lost my son due to the negligence of senior officials. I do not want other sons of India to have the same fate,” said Yashwant Somvanshi, father of the Captain Avinash Somvanshi, who died in a helicopter crash in Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh, on Wednesday morning, during a maintenance sortie.
The entire Borgaon village in Osmanabad district mourned the death its 26-year-old hero, who got married just four months ago and would have celebrated his 27th birthday on October 16.
Yashwant (55), a farmer, said, “My son always spoke about his dreams to serve the country. I visited him in Bareilly around 15 days back.
The helicopters I saw him fly were in very bad condition. I lost my son due to the negligence of officials responsible for safety. Now, I hear that these helicopters are very old. I don’t want young sons of India to die flying these.”
Captain Avinash studied in Akluj till Class X and went to Aurangabad to prepare for the National Defence Academy entrance examination. An alumnus of 114th course of the NDA, he got commissioned into the 12 Dogra regiment in 2009 after training at the Indian Military Academy in Dehradun.
“Flying was his passion and so he joined the Army aviation last year in the 39 Recce and Observation Flight unit. Avinash probably saved many lives as there was a function going on near the crash site,” said the captain’s friend, who is also an Army officer.
“I always knew that when a son joins the Army, a father has to be ready for sacrifices. But not like this,” said an inconsolable Somvanshi.
Captain Avinash’s younger brother Deepak died in a road accident one and half years ago. “This family has gone through tough times in the past two years. Don’t know how to console Avinash’s wife,” said family friend Rasool Shaikh. “He was the first army officer from our village. He always participated in all the activities of the village whenever he came home,” Shaikh added.
After the crash, the Army ordered an inquiry into the matter. “People from his unit have told us that an inquiry will be conducted. We hope that the truth comes out about why our young men are losing their lives like this,” said Mohan Mane, a relative of the Somvanshis.
A press release issued by the defence PRO in Pune said, “The mortal remains of Captain Avinash were received with full military honours at the Pune Airport (Technical Area) on Thursday morning. BEG & Centre, Khadki, organised a reception as per the military protocol. As many as six officers of the BEG & Centre were the pall bearers. A guard of 20 others ranks was also present to accord military honours to
the Captain.”

With a broom in hand  MPs  govt officers join Clean IndiacampaignL K Advani launches a cleanliness drive in Ahmedabad on Thursday. (Source: Express photo by javed raj)
Express News Service | Vadodara | Posted: October 3, 2014 4:17 am
Keeping in view the nationwide ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan’, several government bodies, private groups and NGOs on Thursday joined the cleanliness campaign across Gujarat.
Almost entire state government staff, including city mayors, municipal officials, political leaders, police officers, teachers and professors, along with various NGOs participated in the ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’ on Thursday. They also took an oath for a cleaner nation.
In Ahmedabad,Gandhinagar MP Lal Krishna Advani joined the campaign from by cleaning the area around Vastrapur Lake in west Ahmedabad. Later, he went to Income Tax circle to pay tribute at the statue of Mahatma Gandhi . Officers and staff of Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC), including the commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra and Mayor Meenaxi Patel, too joined the campaign from various parts of the city.
In Surat, along with government officials, Surat city MP Darshana Jardosh, Surat Navsari MP C R Patil, and other political leaders were seen cleaning passage, stair case, walls, roads and gardens.
Surat city mayor Nirajan Jajmera Municipal commissioner Milind Torwane, municipal councillors were spotted cleaning the roads. Surat police commissioner Rakesh Asthaana along with his staff was seen cleaning the police bhavan garden, while Surat district collector Dr Rajender Kumar and his officials were seen cleaning the premises of the Collectorate.
Also, all officials involved in this drive took an oath that they would spend at least two hours in a week for keeping their area and work place clean.
Surat city Mayor Niranjan Jajmera said, “Like a festival everybody was involved in the cleanliness drive. We all enjoyed doing the work keeping aside our post and dignity. Earlier, Surat city was among the top cleanest cities across the country and now we want to achieve the same post again and for that residents’ devotion is required.”

Paytm signs Rs 250 crore marketing deal with...You are here: Home > Collections
Paytm signs Rs 250 crore marketing deal with Yipee ; to offer shopping coupons with packs of the ITC brand
ET Bureau Oct 3, 2014, 05.49AM IST
Tags:
(Mobile marketplace and…)
By Pritha Dasgupta
MUMBAI: Mobile marketplace and mobile and DTH (direct-to-home) recharge platform Paytm has signed a Rs 200-250 crore cross-marketing deal with ITC's noodle brand YiPPee! The campaign, called 'YiPPee! to Rupee', will run over the next five months, with Paytm offering recharge coupons equivalent to the cost of the YiPPee! noodle packs priced at Rs 5-40 and allowing consumers to shop on its platform.
Paytm, which did a similar campaign with Pepsi and Cadbury 5 Star earlier, has said this is its biggest cross-marketing deal till date. "Since the redemption of the coupons will happen on the Paytm platform the campaign will drive trials for us and also gives us access to new consumers," said Shankar Nath , senior vice-president at Paytm.
Several brands run cross-marketing pro motions, which may be relevant to 30-40% of the people they reach out to, Nath said. "But since mobile recharge has become a currency, the consumer base we will reach out through YiPPee! is much larger and the traction will be also much higher, "he added.
While the ITC spokesperson could not be reached for comment, Nath said following the campaign with Pepsi during the Indian Premier League this year, Paytm got five-six million new customers. Paytm's total registered base is 20 million, of which about 15 million are regular users.
The company registers about 600,000 orders a day and transactions worth about Rs 300 crore every month. ITC will use over a million packs across India for the campaign. The company has also created an advertising campaign to support the promotion.
While Ogilvy & Mather has made the creatives, Madison will be responsible for the media planning and buying for the campaign, which includes television, print and radio. "We are in talks with some of the banks and other leading FMCG majors for running cross-marketing promotional deals," said Nath.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NYMEX crude down in early Asia as investors look ahead to U.S. jobs dataOct 03, 2014, 03.41 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
NYMEX crude down in early Asia as investors look ahead to U.S. jobs data
NYMEX crude down in early Asia as investors look ahead to U.S. jobs data
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
NYMEX crude down in early Asia as investors look ahead to U.S. jobs data
NYMEX crude down in early Asia as investors look ahead to U.S. jobs data
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Crude oil prices fell in early Asia on Friday as investors looked ahead to latest the U.S. jobs report which could bolster the dollar further.
On the New York Mercantile Exchange, West Texas Intermediate crude oil for delivery in November traded at $91.29 a barrel, down 0.15%, after hitting an overnight session low of $88.20 a barrel and a high of $91.00 a barrel.
Overnight, crude futures came off earlier lows after data revealed fewer in the U.S. sought first-time joblessness assistance last week, a sign the economy continues to recover and will demand more fuel and oil going forward.
Separately, on the ICE Futures Exchange in London, Brent oil futures for November delivery fell Thursday to $93.42 a barrel, the lowest since June 2012.
The U.S. Labor Department reported earlier that the number of individuals filing for initial jobless benefits in the week ending Sept. 27 decreased by 8,000 to 287,000 from the previous week's revised total of 295,000.
Analysts had expected jobless claims to rise by 2,000 to 297,000 last week, and while the numbers brought oil up from earlier lows, the commodity remained in negative territory due to ongoing concerns that global supply far exceeds demand.
Investors were now looking ahead to Friday's U.S. nonfarm payrolls report, which was expected to show that the economy about 215,000 jobs in September.
On Wednesday, the U.S. Energy Information Administration said in its weekly report that U.S. crude oil inventories decreased by 1.4 million barrels in the week ending Sept. 26, confounding expectations for a gain of 0.7 million barrels, though global supply concerns ending the buying sprees.
Total U.S. crude oil inventories stood at 356.6 million barrels as of last week.
The report also showed that total motor gasoline inventories decreased by 1.8 million barrels, compared to forecasts for a decline of 0.8 million barrels, while distillate stockpiles declined by 2.9 million barrels.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Dollar mixed on upbeat U.S. data  ECB move  Ebola scareOct 03, 2014, 01.25 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Dollar mixed on upbeat U.S. data, ECB move, Ebola scare
Dollar mixed on upbeat U.S. data, ECB move, Ebola scare
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dollar mixed on upbeat U.S. data, ECB move, Ebola scare
Dollar mixed on upbeat U.S. data, ECB move, Ebola scare
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - The dollar traded mixed to lower against most major currencies on Thursday, buoyed by upbeat data out of the U.S. labor market, while pressured lower by an Ebola scare and a European Central Bank decision to hold off on fresh stimulus measures.
In U.S. trading on Thursday, EUR/USD was up 0.40% at 1.2670.
Despite its recent rate cuts and announced plans to buy assets, the European Central Bank concluded on Thursday it would take a wait-and-see approach to current stimulus tools before loosening policy further should the need arise.
ECB President Mario Draghi reiterated that the bank is unanimous in its commitment to using additional unconventional measures if necessary, but a decision to stick with policies in place gave the euro support, which came at the greenback's expense.
Recent data revealed that the euro area's inflation rate slumped to a five-year low of 0.3% in September.
Also on Thursday, Draghi outlined details of its asset-purchasing program announced last month, which will include the purchase of covered bonds beginning this month and asset-backed securities later in the fourth quarter.
The program is to run for two years and will substantially increase the ECB's balance sheet, he said, adding the program will also help get inflation back to the ECB's long term target of 2%.
The ECB held its benchmark interest rate at a record-low 0.05%, its marginal lending rate at 0.30% and left its deposit facility rate unchanged at -0.20%.
Meanwhile in the U.S., the Labor Department reported earlier that the number of individuals filing for initial jobless benefits in the week ending Sept. 27 decreased by 8,000 to 287,000 from the previous week's revised total of 295,000.
Analysts had expected jobless claims to rise by 2,000 to 297,000 last week, which gave the dollar some support.
The data came after payroll processor ADP on Wednesday said that the U.S. private sector added 213,000 jobs last month, slightly ahead of expectations for jobs growth of 210,000.
Investors were now looking ahead to Friday's U.S. nonfarm payrolls report, which was expected to show that the economy about 215,000 jobs in September.
Elsewhere, news a man traveling from Liberia infected with the Ebola virus arrived in the United States and came into contact with others softened the greenback by stoking market concerns that if general fears grow, traveling and shopping may slow, which could affect U.S. recovery.
The dollar was down against the yen, with USD/JPY down 0.46% at 108.39, and down against the Swiss franc, with USD/CHF down 0.21% at 0.9540.
The greenback was up against the pound, with GBP/USD down 0.25% at 1.6144.
The dollar was down against its cousins in Canada, Australia and New Zealand, with USD/CAD down 0.09% at 1.1155, AUD/USD up 0.80% at 0.8803 and NZD/USD up 1.47% at 0.7900.
The dollar index, which tracks the performance of the greenback versus a basket of six other major currencies, was down 0.33% at 85.72.
On Friday, expect markets to track the U.S. jobs report.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Gold dips on U.S. jobless claims data  geopolitical events supportOct 03, 2014, 12.07 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Gold dips on U.S. jobless claims data, geopolitical events support
Gold dips on U.S. jobless claims data, geopolitical events support
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gold dips on U.S. jobless claims data, geopolitical events support
Gold dips on U.S. jobless claims data, geopolitical events support
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Gold futures edged lower on Thursday on news that fewer in the U.S. sought first-time joblessness assistance last week, though geopolitical issues supported the commodity and cushioned losses.
On the Comex division of the New York Mercantile Exchange, gold futures for December delivery traded at 1,215.10 a troy ounce, down 0.03%, up from a session low of $1,209.20 and off a high of $1,222.80.
The December contract settled up 0.32% at $1,215.50 on Wednesday.
Futures were likely to find support at $2,04.30 a troy ounce, Tuesday's low, and resistance at $1,232.70, last Friday's high.
The U.S. Labor Department reported earlier that the number of individuals filing for initial jobless benefits in the week ending Sept. 27 decreased by 8,000 to 287,000 from the previous week's revised total of 295,000.
Analysts had expected jobless claims to rise by 2,000 to 297,000 last week, and the numbers kept expectations firm for the Federal Reserve to close up its monthly bond-buying program later this month.
Fed asset purchases aim to spur recovery by suppressing long-term interest rates, which bolsters gold's appeal as a hedge to a weaker dollar, a side effect of pushing down borrowing costs.
Investors were now looking ahead to Friday's U.S. nonfarm payrolls report, which was expected to show that the economy about 215,000 jobs in September.
Meanwhile, ongoing protests in Hong Kong and tensions in the Middle East supported the commodity by bolstering its appeal as a hedge to geopolitical uncertainty.
Meanwhile, silver for December delivery was down 0.96% at $17.093 a troy ounce, while copper futures for December delivery were down 0.80% at $3.012 a pound.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

http://usat.ly/1x4bRfBFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Massive data breaches: Where they lead is surprising
The end of the road for the 56 million credit card numbers stolen a month ago from Home Depot turns out, often as not, to be a cheap meal at McDonald's or a gallon of milk at Walmart.
Post to Facebook
Massive data breaches: Where they lead is surprising The end of the road for the 56 million credit card numbers stolen a month ago from Home Depot turns out, often as not, to be a cheap meal at McDonald's or a gallon of milk at Walmart. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1x4bRfB
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
15
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Massive data breaches: Where they lead is surprising
Elizabeth Weise , USATODAY 10:30 a.m. EDT October 3, 2014
Counterfeit credit cards were seized by federal law enforcement officials from the site Fakeplastic.net in Charlotte.
(Photo: U.S. Attorney's Office)
631 CONNECT 307 TWEET 176 LINKEDIN 15 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — The end of the road for the 56 million credit card numbers stolen a month ago from Home Depot turns out, often as not, to be a cheap meal at McDonald's or a gallon of milk at Walmart.
"We're generally not seeing $1,000 transactions where they're buying wide-screen TVs," said Rob Miller, chief operations officer with San Diego-based Mission Federal Credit Union.
The story of how a massive international data breach ended up at a fast food store in California's Central Valley began last April.
That was when someone inserted malicious software — malware — into point-of-sale machines at Home Depot stores in the USA and Canada.
Many in the security community suspect the attackers were in Russia or Eastern Europe, but there's no way to know for sure. What is known is that malware skimmed off credit and debit card information, undetected, for six months.
As many as 56 million cards were compromised, according to Home Depot.
Home Depot's credit cards may have been hacked
Banks and credit unions began to see bogus charges appear almost immediately. Despite the far-reaching criminal networks that create these massive computer security breaches, the people who end up buying things with the stolen cards appear to be "just using them for day-to-day living,"  Miller said.
For Air Academy Federal Credit Union in Colorado Springs, the first indication something was wrong was when members started seeing charges on their cards from Indonesia.
"Our people travel, many of them are Air Force, but we don't have a whole lot of customers who go to Indonesia," said Brad Barnes, chief financial officer for the non-profit organization.
It was easy to cut off cards whose owners were buying gas in Colorado Springs the same day a charge suddenly popped up in Jakarta. It got a whole lot harder when the charges began appearing in Denver, an hour to the north, Barnes said.
"The financial institution is going to reimburse the customer for any fraudulent transaction on the account," said Doug Johnson, vice president for risk management policy with the American Bankers Association.
Computer security writer Brian Krebs reported that banks have  taken big losses from cards compromised in the breach.
Mission Federal has dealt with more than $100,000 in fraud claims that might be linked to cards compromised in the Home Depot breach in the past month, Miller said.
Credit unions are not-for-profit, he said, so "when we take $100,000 in credit card losses, that's $100,000 that we could have used to give our customers higher interest rates or lower loan rates."
Another cost financial institutions face is replacing compromised cards. Mission Federal Credit has gotten about 10 lists of compromised cards from MasterCard in the past two weeks. They total 28,000 cards.
"That's about 15% of the credit cards we issue," Miller said. It costs the credit union about $2.60 to replace each card, so "that's $72,800 so far. It's another hit."
The trajectory, from a continent away to a few ZIP copes away, isn't any surprise to security experts.
"The thing to remember about this whole process is that it's an industry," said Geoff Webb, director of strategy for NetIQ , a Houston-based computer security company.
ILLEGAL DIGITAL SUPPLY CHAIN
Data theft is like any supply chain. First come the manufacturers, then the wholesalers, the middlemen, the retailers and, finally, consumers.
The manufacturers are the organized professionals who plant the malicious software that steal the card information. "They've had a lot of training; they steal huge numbers of credit cards," Webb said. "That's the raw material."
Once these might have been used to buy expensive merchandise online, but credit card companies created sophisticated anti-fraud algorithms that quickly detected anomalous charges on compromised accounts.
The thieves reconfigured.
Now these numbers go to wholesalers, usually still overseas, who break them down in manageable groups of cards, sorting them by area and ZIP code.
These bundles are  offered up for sale in bulk on underground websites.
"They'll even send you samples, so you can test the quality. If it's good, you come back and buy more. Some of these guys are so confident that they have money-back guarantees," Webb said.
The middlemen buy up a list of numbers and use them to make cloned credit cards. Machines and blanks cards are readily available online.
"It's going to cost you about $500 online to set up a nice carding operation," said John Sileo, a data security expert with the Sileo Group in Denver.
A credit card counterfeiting machine was seized as evidence in the government's case against the site Fakeplastic.net in January.
(Photo: U.S. Attorney's Office)
The FBI broke up one such group in January, arresting three men behind the site Fakeplastic.net.
CLONE CARDS
The newly cloned cards are sold to low-level gangs or criminals.
One tactic is to use the cloned cards to buy gift cards. Target is a popular choice because "there they can buy 50 different kinds of gift cards in one place. They're laundering the money because it's very hard to trace those cards,"  Sileo said.
Cards are sometimes sold on street corners. Sileo's talked to people who were approached in New York City by someone saying, "I've got this $50 gift card that I can't use, I'll give it to you for $10."
The dealers are "incredibly entrepreneurial. They're working it out for their little corner of the world, in their ZIP code," he said.
The amounts the final users end up charging are tiny. The average fraud on the fake cards Mission Federal Credit Union saw in July was  $201,  Miller said.
"We see a lot of McDonald's meals, Jack in the Box, visits to Target and Walmart, maybe to get a fan or a heater," he said.
The role of the people committing the original crime — stealing the data — is limited, said Dan Kaminsky, chief scientist at White Ops , an anti-fraud company.
The final users are often poor people  trying to get by, charging small amounts on cards that last for a week or so until the credit card company cancels them.
The computer criminals half a world away "have taken the risk out of it" for themselves,  Kaminsky said. This leaves law enforcement with no one to  target.
"What are they going to do," he said, "go bust some guy in Modesto who's just trying to feed his family?"
631 CONNECT 307 TWEET 176 LINKEDIN 15 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1x4bRfB
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is Bapus idea; should not be connected to politics: MumbaiRailwaysPrime Minister Narendra Modi wields a broom with NDMC workers to launch 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan' in Valmiki Basti in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI photo)
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 3, 2014 6:44 am
In Mumbai, where the cleanliness drive saw two owners – BJP Central Government backed offices pitching it as Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, and the state government offices calling it a regular Gandhi Jayanti errand – the railways still recalled their first cleanliless drive, furiously administered by the then General Manager SPS Jain. Started in 2002, Jain started the drive–much to the reluctance of staff, to encourage a habit of cleanliness within the employees responsible for the infrastructure.
SPS Jain former General Manager CR , now retired, said, “Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is not to be connected with politics. It should only be seen related to Mahatma Gandhi, who always believed in cleanliness.” Jain had used October 2 occasion to kick off the drive that covered all the areas.
“We started this in 2002 and then took it to other railway division outside Mumbai. We never saw it as a one day program, and it should not be seen as even today,” he added. Jain said the effort for railways has always been maintenance of garbage disposal system and active awareness to ensure that the drive extends to all days.
The then DRM, Mumbai division, Central Railway, Vivek Sahai also supported the initiative and was actively monitoring it day and night. Wives of Railway officials would also lend their hand to the initiative. Between 2002 and 2003, many railway officials say that the UNICEF recognised heritage site –Chattrapati Shivaji Terminus was so clean that nobody dared to throw garbage on stations.
Officials recall, Mark Tully, former BBC bureau chief, admiring the initiative and going impressed with the manner in which the station and carriageways were looked after. Things changed after management changed and now the mandate to clean the platforms and railway tracks across the city limits are given on a contract basis.
On Thursday, while BJP ministers took some time to make a symbolic show of the drive by clearing platfroms, many railway staffers were heard complaining that none took to the tracks where the bulk of commuter garbage remain.

PM Narendra Modi to address nation via All India Radio todayOct 03, 2014 at  09:07am IST
PM Narendra Modi to address nation via All India Radio today
48
1
New Delhi: After making his presence felt in social media platforms like Facebook and Twitter, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is all set to connect with the masses through radio.
In an attempt to reach out to the rural populace, PM will address the nation on Friday via All India Radio at 11 am. With this, Modi will ensure that he reaches out to about 90 per cent of the country's population.
The address by the Prime Minister has been titled 'Man Ki Baat' and is likely to be the first in a series. The radio address, that is meant to target the rural audience will be translated into 24 Indian and 16 foreign languages. The PM had earlier sought suggestions from the people on the format of his address.

Asian Games 2014  Day 14  Live: Indian women beat Iran to win kabaddi gold  menfavouriteDefending champion India beat Iran 30-21 to win kabaddi gold in women's category. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | Posted: October 3, 2014 8:19 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 5:42 pm
After India clinched two gold on Day 13 of the 17th Asian Games in Incheon, India’s women’s kabaddi team gave a golden start to the day by winning the gold medal by defeating Iran 30-21 in the final. Men favourite against Iran. Volleyball 5th-6th classification match vs Qatar.
Hearty congratulations to the women and men's kabaddi teams for winning gold medals at Asian Games 2014 #PresidentMukherjee
— President of India (@RashtrapatiBhvn) October 3, 2014
Volleyball: India stay calm to finish 5th in Asiad. They beat Qatar 3-2
As expected, India win kabaddi gold. But this was one medal we took for granted so far. Not anymore, though.
— Mihir Vasavda (@mihirsv) October 3, 2014
Volleyball: Qatar bounce back to tie 2-2. Not looking good for India
Volleyball: India lead Qatar 2-1 in 5th-6th classification match
Iran look the real deal. Can they upset India? pic.twitter.com/s2HPIOthtn
— Mihir Vasavda (@mihirsv) October 3, 2014
Taekwondo: Margarette Maria lost 1-15 to China’s Li Donghua in the 73kg quarterfinal
Taekwondo: Shaloo Raikwar loses her 73kg quarterfinal bout to Alfahad Abrar of Kuwait by ‘superiority’ after both finished at 3-3
GOLD NUMBER 11! After women, men stage remarkable comeback to win kabaddi GOLD against Iran. They win 27-25.
Kabaddi: With 7 minutes to go, India 23-24 Iran in the men’s final
Kabaddi: India bounce back to make it 21-21 with 15 minutes to go!
Kabaddi: Iran leading India 21-13 in the men’s final at half time
GOLD NUMBER 10! KABADDI IT IS!
Kabaddi: Defending champions Indian women win GOLD after defeating Iran 30-21 in the final!
Day 13 Recap
Hockey gold in 16 yrs, a direct ticket to Rio: India defeated Pakistan 4-2 on penalties to win gold after 16 years and qualified for the 2016 Rio Olympics
Crown stays with queens : Women’s 4x400m relay quartet break Games record on way to defending Guangzhou title
 

India Beat Pakistan in Thriller to End 16-Year Wait for Asian Games Hockey GoldThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Kamal Haasan accepts PM s Clean India challengeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Flipcart joins hands with pc jeweller mumbai: continuing the str...35 Followers
Flipcart Joins Hands with PC Jeweller
MUMBAI: Continuing the string of announcements, Flipkart has now joined hands with jewellery retailer PC Jeweller to create a platform for online jewellery shopping, reported PTI. “With the aim to revolutionise the trend of jewellery buying in India, this partnership will provide an online go-to platform for the shoppers,” both the companies said in a statement.
The focus will be on the replicating the comfort, convenience and brilliance that is associated with shopping at a PC Jeweller’s large format showroom online on Flipkart, it also added.
PC Jeweller executive director and chief operating officer RK Sharma said, “We are focussed on our online jewellery brand WearYourShine by PC Jeweller and going forward, we would also like to work with Flipkart towards creating a seamless offline-online integration wherein customers get a flexibility to buy online and exchange or return offline across over 46 showrooms of PC Jeweller.”
“We see online jewellery sales becoming a huge market in the next few years, contributing a good share to our business,” he added.
Flipkart’s deep data analytics and online cataloguing assistance will further refine the online shopping experience.
Flipkart retail senior VP Kalyan Krishnamurthy said, “Our access to the country’s largest customer base allows us to predict market needs and list new products on our site that we feel will cater to current customer demands. We are confident that precious jewellery, as a category, has huge potential if done right.”
“The association of Flipkart and PC Jewellers, both names that are trusted widely by customers, is well positioned to take online jewellery shopping to the next level,” he added.
9.57 AM Oct 3rd  | Track

I am least bothered about negative stars on my comments     i will be...Platinum Member
257 Followers
raj jain said they have already cracked into a large payments gateway i am speculating that RUPAYE payment gateway acquisition may be announced shortly may be after results that should result in a upper circuit if it is indeed true.
raj jain only said without giving away anything that the growth would be healthy double digits but when most of people are punting and expecting a e.p.s. of 55 to 60 rupees even 50 would count as under performance and that is what worries most people why have sky high expectations ?
i you were holding many shares @ what level is the cautious selling in your book if u want to reduce R.S. SOFTWARE to equal weight in your portfolio from over weight?

Buy...trigyn tech...in dip...around...45/46.....near term....target....Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Buy/hold hfcl....around/below...19....near term...target....24/26......Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Ex-Googler leads Softbank invasion of HollywoodE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Podcast: What investors can expect from bullish market trendsYou can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

Mayor of Los Angeles suburb shot dead by wifeMayor of Los Angeles suburb of Bell Gardens shot dead
By By Steve Gorman | Reuters –  Wed 1 Oct, 2014
A police vehicle and residents are seen at the crime scene where mayor of Bell Gardens, …
By Steve Gorman
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The mayor of a small Los Angeles suburb was shot dead by his wife on Tuesday but the woman was released without charge after being detained, the county sheriff's department said.
The shooting at Bell Gardens stemmed from an afternoon quarrel between the mayor, Daniel Crespo, 45, and his wife, Levette, 43, that escalated when their 19-year-old son, Daniel Jr., intervened, sheriff's spokeswoman Crystal Hernandez said.
"Ultimately he got into a physical altercation with his father, and (the woman) produced a firearm, and she shot her husband multiple times in the torso," Hernandez said.
The mayor was pronounced dead at a local hospital, she said.
Hernandez said she had no further details on the nature or circumstances of the argument that preceded the shooting.
She said no charges were immediately filed in the case, and a message posted on the municipal website said the shooting did not appear to be related to the city or Crespo's official duties as mayor.
The mayor's spouse was detained by police while the investigation continued but was later released and had not been charged, Hernandez said.
No arrests have been made and the case has been referred to the Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office, which will determine whether to file criminal charges, Hernandez said.
A biography of the mayor on the website said he was born and raised in a housing project in the Brooklyn borough of New York City, and described Crespo and his wife as high school sweethearts who married in 1986. The couple also have daughter, it said.
Crespo was elected in 2001 to the City Council of Bell Gardens, a predominantly Hispanic town about 10 miles (16 km) southeast of Los Angeles, spanning about 2-1/2 square miles with a population of about 45,000.
Besides serving as mayor, Crespo had worked as a Los Angeles County deputy probation officer for the past 15 years, according to his biography.
(Reporting by Steve Gorman; Additional reporting by Eric M. Johnson from Seattle; Editing by Alison Williams)
Recommend

Watch this video if you are a dandiya loving Gujarati girlPrint
Written by Parmita Uniyal | Posted: October 1, 2014 3:14 pm
Don’t even try your luck with a Gujarati girl, if you don’t know how to dance, your relationship has no future! Get the latest albums of Falguni Pathak, if you really want to find a place in her heart. And if you have less than three cars, you’d be tagged “gareeb” by her.
Culture Machine’s latest video Every Gujju Girl In The World is a hilarious take on a stereotypical Gujarati girl.
Here’s the video:

10 reasons job seekers should embrace social media10 Reasons Job Seekers Should Embrace Social Media
By Hannah Morgan | U.S.News & World Report LP –  Wed 10 Sep, 2014 7:17 PM IST
Print
Many job seekers want to keep their private lives private. But what if you could improve your chances of being the selected candidate by using social media ? Companies are checking you out online, so why not use these tools to enhance your qualifications?
Consider this: A June CareerBuilder survey of more than 2,000 hiring managers and human resource professionals revealed that 43 percent of employers use social networking sites to research job candidates. While the report discusses the negative repercussions of social media, it also illustrates how a positive online impression can sway employers. The report states: "One third (33 percent) of employers who research candidates on social networking sites say they've found content that made them more likely to hire a candidate. What's more, nearly a quarter (23 percent) found content that directly led to them hiring the candidate."
If you've been avoiding social networks, perhaps this is enough to convince you to build a positive, professional online presence to help you stand apart from the average candidate.
1. Your personality fits. Almost 50 percent of the hiring managers and human resource professionals surveyed said that reviewing the candidates' social media content provided a good sense of whether the candidate would be a fit within the company. How often have you thought: 'If only I could get in front of someone and prove I am a good fit"? With social media, you can inject your style in status updates and even your LinkedIn summary. Sure, your skills and experience qualify you for jobs, but your personality is one more way to seal the deal.
2. You are who you say you are. When employers see how your background information supports your qualifications for the job, you look like the real deal. Forty-five percent of employers liked the idea of being able to validate a candidate's experience by checking them out on social media. Make sure your LinkedIn and other social network profiles are consistent and close matches with your résumé.
3. You provide a professional image. What you say in your bio and on social profiles provides hiring managers with a glimpse of your professionalism. Forty-three percent of employers were impressed with the professional image presented by a candidate's site. Use a high-quality photo (preferably a head shot) with a neutral background that's free of distractions, such as pets or people. Wear work appropriate-clothes -- no prom pictures or beach shots. And be sure to pay attention to small details, such as grammar, punctuation capitalization and spacing.
4. You show a wide range of interests. Forty percent of employers selected candidates who came across as well-rounded through information on their profiles and social media updates. Don't be afraid to show your volunteer involvement and other activities that show how you enjoy spending your free time. One word of warning: If these activities appear too frequently or divulge personal preferences, it can have a negative impact. Avoid mentioning controversial or extreme interests.
5. You demonstrate great communication skills. You say you have excellent communication skills, but how can you further provide proof? Forty percent of employers said social network profiles and status updates offered evidence of great communication skills. As with your profile, punctuation, spelling and grammar are important in tweets, too. And remember to behave appropriately online. Avoid arguments, profanity and negative rants.
6. You're creative. Often, employers seek candidates who can think outside the box. Thirty-six percent of employers said a candidate's creativity on social media made a difference in the hiring decision. Show off your creative abilities online by displaying an infographic résumé , using new technology or posting clever status updates.
7. You've received awards and accolades. In your cover letter or résumé, you may have said you were a top performer or gained recognition for your stellar accomplishments. Thirty-one percent of employers found proof of such recognition online and said it worked in the candidates' favor. Snap a photo or grab a screen shot to capture your success. Then share it for all to see, and embed it in your LinkedIn profile.
8. You have great references. Thirty percent of companies liked seeing references posted about a candidate. Unsolicited or nonreciprocal recommendations are powerful. LinkedIn allows you to display recommendations within your profile, so be sure to ask a boss or happy customer to write one for you. You can make it even easier for them when you provide suggestions or key points you believe are worth mentioning.
9. You interacted with the employer. Companies with social media accounts want to engage in conversation. Twenty-four percent of employers said they liked it when a candidate interacted with one of their social media accounts. Check the company's website to see which social networks are listed, especially the accounts related to careers. Always be positive and complimentary, and ask questions beyond: "Did you get my application?"
10. You have a large following. Fourteen percent of employers see a large following or subscriber base as a positive. If people are following you, then you might just have something interesting or valuable to say. Thought leadership and community engagement can benefit the company. Build your following organically by providing information that is valuable to your target audience. Interact with like-minded professionals online. Gaining a following isn't easy. But, if you are a good social community citizen, it could be an asset to your future employer.
More From US News & World Report

Online shopping: How to make the best of festive offersPrint
Online shopping has become extremely popular in recent times. More and more people are resorting to this mode of shopping owing to the convenience and speed it offers. Retailers have understood this trend and many offline stores have also started online portals, offering their products through the web.
In this scenario, it is not surprising that online retailers take every opportunity to capture more market share. Providing festive offers is one such way, which attracts more customers and boosts sales of online portals. Festive offers are either in the form of discounts, freebies, cash backs, reward points or offers on usage of certain debit and credit cards by banks who tie up with the online retailer.
Google’s ‘Great Online Shopping Festival’ (GOSF) is one such festive offer, which Google India introduced in 2012, wherein heavy discounts are offered on one day of the year by major online shopping portals. The primary purpose of this offer is to boost sales for the participating portals. Recently, Axis Bank introduced the Shopaholics Online Festival, which was applicable on usage of Axis Bank debit and credit cards in specific online portals. The bank had tied up with different portals and the discount rates offered varied depending on the portal. In some cases, a minimum amount of spend was required, while in some cases, the offer was valid only on certain product categories. Other banks such as ICICI Bank and SBI have also brought out festive offers for online shoppers. ICICI Bank offers a 5-20% discount on consumer durable purchases, made through debit or credit cards or through the bank’s net banking facility. SBI on the other hand, is looking to tie up with different players to give discounts on various product categories such as consumer durables, clothes, shoes, etc.
While festive offers for online shopping seem to be good on face value, care should be taken while using such offers. Here are some tips to keep in mind:
Check the terms carefully: First and foremost, when you wish to avail a festive offer while shopping online, you must remember to check the terms of the offer carefully. In many cases, there are additional clauses or conditions to be fulfilled while taking up the offer. For example, you may need to spend a minimum amount for the discount to be triggered. In some cases, the discount may not be applicable on the product you selected and you may overlook this while making the payment. These conditions may be written in small print, so make sure you check everything before making use of such schemes.
Compare offers across retailers: Again, simply checking out one retailer does not make financial sense. When many online retailers offer discounts at the same time, it pays to check different offers, compare and then choose the best one. It may happen that the same product is available with a different retailer for a lower price or an extended warranty. Again, look at the net benefit when you compare offers across retailers.
Double check if you have received the benefit before clicking ‘Pay’: Many customers assume that by using the Promo code, they automatically receive the benefit. While large retailers usually do not commit a mistake here, sometimes, small retailers fail to give you what they promise. So it is important to double check what you get before you make the payment. If it is a discount on offer, then this should be reflected in your payment. If it is cash back or reward points you are getting, this will take time to get reflected. Nevertheless, wherever possible, check if you are getting what you have been promised before you pay.
Do not spend mindlessly simply to avail offers: Sometimes, people spend only to avail the offer. This does not make financial sense, as you will end up splurging on unnecessary things. Even if it is raining offers and all retailers are giving festive offers at the same time (which is usually the case, especially in the case of the GOSF), you must check the affordability of your purchases before spending mindlessly.
Check for rewards/cash back promptly: As mentioned earlier, cash backs or reward points which are given as a part of festive offers take time to get credited to you. Many people forget to keep track of this. Do remember to check for these benefits at a later date, whenever the retailer has noted that it will get credited. Keep the details of the promo code used, card payment / net banking payment details etc. carefully, in case this is needed at a later date.
Online shopping is a way of life for many of you, and making use of festive offers can help you save a great deal. However, it is important to follow the above tips in order to gain from such offers.
BankBazaar.com is an online marketplace for your personal loan, home loan and car loan needs.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
MORE ARTICLES FROM THE SAME PROVIDER
Tips to use your ATM effectively
From facing the long peak hour traffic to pollution galore and a generally stressful life, residents of metropolitan cities now have another thing to worry about. Residents of six metropolitan cities would now have to check their monthly ATM transactions as the Reserve Bank of India has issued new guidelines for ATM usage which effectively […] More » Tips to use your ATM effectively
Five best ways to save on tax in your 20s
Today 20s is considered as the best time of one’s life as unlike yesteryears today’s youngsters get highly paid jobs fast. Twenties is also a care free period with less dependants and responsibilities to worry about. But many youngsters often commit the mistake of spending their earnings lavishly and are least bothered about the money […] More » Five best ways to save on tax in your 20s
Local retailers go online to fight for a piece of sales pie
With online retailers like Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal making all the news, local retailers are worried about of losing customers and gradually deteriorating figures. The fall out between local retailers and online e-commerce websites which had been brewing for a long time eventually came to a showdown after local retailers officially complained to the government […] More » Local retailers go online to fight for a piece of sales pie
All about `Undivided Share of Land’ !
Buying a real estate or a new property requires a holistic approach. From choosing the right location to the right size of the property and the right developer, there are a lot of factors that a buyer needs to address to get the perfect property.Many buyers often decide on their purchase based on built up […] More » All about `Undivided Share of Land’ !
Make optimum use of LTA
Almost everyone loves a vacation to take a break from the monotonous life. While going on a vacation with one’s family is a great idea, not many people know how to make best use of Leave Travel Allowance, not just for travel reimbursements, but to claim tax benefit for it. It is only during the […] More » Make optimum use of LTA
Fixed or floating interest rate: Which is ideal for your home loan now?
“To be or not to be, that is the question” said Shakespeare in his play Hamlet. The same could very well be considered true when it comes to selecting home loan interest rates. Ravi and his wife Sejal, a working couple from Ahmedabad had shortlisted their dream home. The couple approached a bank for a […] More » Fixed or floating interest rate: Which is ideal for your home loan now?
Make the best of festive offers when shopping online!
Online shopping has become extremely popular in recent times. More and more people are resorting to this mode of shopping owing to the convenience and speed it offers. Retailers have understood this trend and many offline stores have also started online portals, offering their products through the web. In this scenario, it is not surprising […] More » Make the best of festive offers when shopping online!
What is interim security in home loans?
As property values are sky rocketing in the metros and other Tier 2 cities of the country, taking a home loan has become a Hobson’s choice for most buyers. Banks advance 80%-85% of the property value in the form of a home loan, depending on the borrower’s individual borrowing eligibility. As in the case of […] More » What is interim security in home loans?
New rules for ATM usage from November!
Many people have a habit of withdrawing small amounts of money from the ATM to curb spending tendencies, but often end up with a high frequency of withdrawals. There are some others who are reluctant to use net banking or mobile banking facilities and depend on ATMs for checking account balance. If you happen to […] More » New rules for ATM usage from November!
When is the best time to take a life insurance policy?
Most youngsters ignore life insurance mainly because of they feel, it’s not required for them. They take life insurance simply for the sake of tax deductions, and often feel neglect its benefits thinking it’s not for them. It’s quite natural for them to feel so, especially if they are away from familial responsibilities. But remember, […] More » When is the best time to take a life insurance policy?

Modi launches  Clean India  initiative: as it happenedUpdated: October 2, 2014 16:06 IST
Modi launches 'Clean India' initiative: as it happened
Tweet
PTI Prime Minister Narendra Modi wields a broom with NDMC workers to launch the “Swachh Bharat Abhiyan” at Valmiki Basti in New Delhi on Thursday.
The Hindu Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch a five-year “Clean India” campaign, or Swachh Bharat Mission, on Thursday morning, most likely by wielding the broom himself. Photo: Rukmini S.
TOPICS
Swachh Bharat Mission is Prime Minister Narendra Modi's pet project that seeks to create a 'Clean India'. Mr. Modi had urged citizens, government institutions to dedicate 100 hours every year towards cleanliness.
10.10: PM flags off walkathon after administering pledge.
10.02: PM Modi concludes his speech.
10.00: PM is reading the oath. Actor Aaamir Khan is on the stage with the PM.
9.56: I appeal to people to make a pledge. Join your hands above your heads to Mahatma Gandhi: PM Modi
9.54: More than 60% of rural India still has to defecate in open: PM Modi
9.53: Don't trust me or my govt. - trust Mahatma Gandhi's dream for a clean India: PM Modi
9.51: Clean India will give us as much joy as Quit India: PM Modi
9.51: Quit India was a mass movement. Clean India should be too: PM Modi
9.49: WHO (World Health Organisation) says poor sanitation costs India Rs. 6500 per year per Indian: PM Modi
9.47: I have invited Goa Governor, Baba Ramdev, Sashi Tharoor, Kamal Haasan, Salman Khan, Priyanka Chopra, Tendulkar, Anil Ambani and Tarak Mehta: PM Modi
I have invited @BeingSalmanKhan , team of Tarak Mehta Ka Oolta Chashma: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) October 2, 2014
I have invited Mridula Sinha ji, I have invited Sachin Tendulkar, @yogrishiramdev , @ShashiTharoor , Kamal Haasan, @priyankachopra : PM
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) October 2, 2014
9.46: I have invited nine people to join me, they should pick another nine and this should go on: PM Modi
9.45: I am not alone, 125 crore people are with me: PM Modi
9.43: Mahatma Gandhi did not clean every village, but his work gave everyone inspiration: PM Modi
9.42: We need to recognise people who have been doing this work. This is not a political move - the only motivation is patriotism: PM Modi
9.40: If you see dirt anywhere, take a picture and upload in social media. Then take a video of you cleaning it and then upload the photo of the clean spot: PM Modi
PM talks about starting a campaign on Social Media using MyGov, a Mobile Application, @facebook & Twitter using #MyCleanIndia .
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) October 2, 2014
9.40: We reached Mars. No PM or Minister went. It was the people who did it, our scientists who did it. So can't we create (a Clean India): PM Modi
9.38: It takes a long time to change old habits.It is difficult. But we still have time till 2019: PM Modi
9.36: Is cleaning India the job of sanitation workers only?: PM Modi
9.35: Every person, every leader in the country has made some efforts for this. I congratulate them: PM Modi
9.34: When I saw this logo, it made me think that Mahatma Gandhi was looking at us through his spectacles, checking if we had made India clean: PM Modi
9.32: Bapu gave us the slogan "Quit India. Clean India". But "Clean India" is still unfulfilled: PM Modi
9.31: PM begins his speech, pays rich tributes to Mahatma Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri.
9.29: Winners of the logo and slogo contest are receiving awards from the Prime Minister. Bhagyashree Seth, winner of the slogan contest.
9.27: The campaign has received over 1000 entries for logos and 5000 for slogans on the mygov.in portal
9.26: Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu concludes his speech.
9.23: Keep your house, neighbourhood and place of worship clean. That is my message to our countrymen: Naidu
9.19: Sanitation is more important than political freedom: Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu
9.17: Will devote up to 2 hours a week to clean up India: PM Modi
9.10: PM Modi is on his way to Rajpath where he will administer a cleanliness pledge and lead a walkathon.
9.02: PM Modi launches Swachh Bharat Mission in Valmiki Basti, a sanitation workers' colony, in Delhi.
(Image courtesy: All India Radio)
9.01: Arjuna awardee and boxer Vijender Singh is also present at the event.
8.52: What is Swachh Bharat Mission?
Swachh Bharat Mission is PM Narendra Modi's pet project to that seeks to create a 'Clean India'. Mr. Modi had urged citizens, government institutions to dedicate 100 hours every year towards cleanliness. The Government has decided to invoke Mahatma Gandhi and rope in religious leaders from all faiths to drive the Mission. As per estimates prepared by the Ministries of Urban Development and Rural Development, Rs. 2 lakh crore will be spent on the Mission over the next five years. Read here
8.49: With the Prime Minister setting an August 15, 2015, deadline by when all schools in the country should have separate toilets for girls, the Union Human Resource Development Ministry brought out a handbook on Wednesday for the “Clean School” campaign on the upkeep of sanitation facilities already in place and under construction. Read here
8.40: Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu calls it a non-political movement, for which he seeks cooperation from all citizens.
8.39: Movie star Aamir Khan has joined the dignitaries.
8: 30: Bureaucrats are in attendance as well as ministers including rail min Sadanand Gowda, and Delhi Lt Gov
8.20: Schoolchildren, dressed in white with tricoloured balloons, are lined up down the whole of Rajpath
8. 00: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch a five-year “Clean India” campaign, or Swachh Bharat Mission, on Thursday morning, most likely by wielding the broom himself. The campaign will culminate on the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi in 2019.
In the hours after the launch with a series of events, including a visit by Mr. Modi to Valmiki Basti and a walkathon, Union government employees will gather in their offices to take the oath, which will be administered by the respective Ministers or administrative heads. They are expected to clean up their work spaces and put in 100 hours a year to keep their home and office surroundings clean.
In his message to the nation on the eve of Gandhi Jayanthi, President Pranab Mukherjee urged everyone to make the mission a success.

Maharashtra Congress releases poll manifestoMaharashtra Congress releases poll manifesto
PTI
Promises to hike income limit for Rajiv Gandhi Health Scheme beneficiaries
Mumbai, Oct 2:  
Congress today released its manifesto for the Maharashtra assembly polls, promising increased income limit for beneficiaries of a health scheme from Rs 1.5 lakh to Rs 2.5 lakh, besides police stations for women as well as elimination of manual scavenging in the state.
Releasing the manifesto which was prepared by a committee headed by former Union Home Minister Sushilkumar Shinde, former Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan told reporters here that the income limit for beneficiaries under the popular Rajiv Gandhi Jeevandayi Health Scheme would be raised to Rs 2.5 lakh.
The Congress manifesto also promised that five per cent of the annual budget under the special component plan would be earmarked for the welfare of nomadic tribes and denotified tribes, he said.
Chavan said that a permanent provision of Rs 500 crore for a "drought fund" would be made for drought prone districts.
The Congress manifesto said that farmers in the state would be supplied electricity for eight hours during day time and ten hours at night.
"If a crop is lost to the extent of 60 per cent, its damage will be treated as 100 per cent," the manifesto said.
A separate television channel named 'Krishi Darshan' would be launched to inform farmers about modern agricultural technology, various government schemes and success stories of farmers, the manifesto said.
Mango and cashew nut boards would be established for the benefit of farmers of these crops and subsidy would be provided through the board.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

NCP releases its manifesto for Maharashtra assembly electionsNCP releases its manifesto for Maharashtra assembly elections
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 2:  
In a bid to outdo the Congress assembly poll manifesto, the Nationalist Congress Party’s (NCP) manifesto for the Maharashtra assembly polls released today, has promised to increase the income limit for Rajiv Gandhi Jeevandayi Scheme beneficiaries to Rs 3 lakh.
Incidentally, the Maharashtra state Congress assembly poll manifesto released today promised to increase the income limit for beneficiaries of the same Rajiv Gandhi Jeevandayi Health Scheme, from Rs 1.5 lakh to Rs 2.5 lakh.
The NCP Maharashtra assembly poll manifesto, which was released here by the party’s state unit chief Sunil Tatkare, has promised free laptops to students from the “non-creamy layer”, after they clear HSC exams.
The NCP has promised a separate ministry for Other Backward Castes (OBCs) if it is voted to power in Maharashtra.
It has promised that the budget of the Maulana Azad Minority Economic Development Corporation for minorities would be raised to Rs 2,000 crore.
The NCP manifesto promised that all prominent cities in Maharashtra would be linked through air connectivity, while mono-rail services would be rolled out in Aurangabad, Nashik and Nagpur.
The party has promised connecting Mumbai, Nashik and Nagpur through “high-speed railway” as well as development of clusters of industrial units alongside, besides a separate cluster for women entrepreneurs.
Similarly, entrepreneurs would get property tax waiver and a separate scheme to coordinate agriculture and industrial sectors would be implemented.
“Digital smart classrooms” would be set up in all schools, free wi-fi Internet connectivity would be provided to all colleges and Maharashtra would be made child labour free in five years, the NCP assembly poll manifesto said.
A ‘Krishi Kavachkundal Insurance Scheme’ for farmers would be introduced, the NCP assembly poll manifesto said.
Non-conventional energy sources would be utilised to increase electricity generation capacity, it said.
The NCP has also promised pension for farmers with small holdings, farmers cultivating dry farmland and farm labourers above 65 years of age.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Obama s gift to Modi - a rare book  with the Vivekananda touchComments
During his Washington visit, President Barack Obama gifted Prime Minister Narendra Modi a rare book, The World's Congress: Religions at the World's Columbian Exposition- on the 1893 summit of world religions where Swami Vivekananda made a mark.
Revealing this on twitter, Modi said it was a gift he would cherish forever. The book is a 1200 page collection of the best papers and speeches at the gathering - including the Swami's speech, 'the Indian man who introduced Hinduism and yoga to the United States and spread a message of religious tolerance around the world', said a note accompanying the book. "This gift celebrates Swami Vivekananda's valuable contribution as a bridge between India and US and honors our two nations' shared traditions of pluralism and diversity'.
Modi tweeted pages which contained the Swami's paper, "Hinduism as a religion", and his picture.
President @BarackObama presented to me a very valuable gift that I will cherish forever. pic.twitter.com/RNkheM7RA2
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) October 2, 2014
He gave me a rare book on the Parliament of World's Religions of 1893. pic.twitter.com/ZwZmvdlwmK
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) October 2, 2014
A glimpse from the book. pic.twitter.com/bfHtfiwUPQ

Haj pilgrims march to Mina as journey of faith beginsMina, Saudi Arabia, October 2, 2014
Updated: October 3, 2014 17:20 IST
Haj pilgrims march to Mina as journey of faith begins
PTI
Reuters In this October 1, 2014 photo, Muslim pilgrims pray around the holy Kaaba at the Grand Mosque, during the annual haj pilgrimage in Makkah.
TOPICS
islam
Clad in white seamless cloth, about 1.50 lakh Indians along with tens of thousands of Muslims from across the world on Thursday moved from the holy city of Makkah to nearby Mina marking the beginning of the annual Haj pilgrimage.
Chants of Labbaik Allahumma Labbaik (O God, here I am answering your call) and Allahu Akbar (God is Great) reverberated as the pilgrims, wearing the ihram or the two-piece seamless white garment, began moving to the tent-city of Mina in groups, located 5 km to the east of Makkah.
Among the first group of pilgrims to arrive in Mina were Indians, Pakistanis and Bangladeshis.
Most pilgrims embarked on the journey onboard buses arranged by their respective Haj missions and the Saudi government but some others preferred moving on foot.
“All Indian camps in Mina have been inspected and are in order,” Indian Consul-General B.S. Mubarak told PTI. “No major issues so far. All arrangements are satisfactory.”
In a message to the Indian pilgrims before they left for Mina, Mubarak said, “Be patient. Eat healthy food. Do not get exposed to heat. Know your tent number and pole number. Take less luggage and keep some dry fruits and fruits.”
“Always try to go in small groups if you have some problem approach the Haj mission,” he said.
Mohammad Shahid, an Indian pilgrim from Amroha, told PTI, “After all the Indian pilgrims had reached here, they were served breakfast by the Mission and later another meal.”
“People are spending their time reciting the Quran, praying and discussing matters related to the pilgrimage. Some pilgrims, including many elderly, were also resting after the trek on foot,” he said.
Many elderly people are part of the Indian group, including a 109-year-old man from Murshidabad, West Bengal, and another centenarian from Bagpath, Uttar Pradesh.
India’s Haj Goodwill delegation this year comprises two senior BJP leaders and is led by Arif Beg, a former Union Minister. Abdul Rasheed Ansari, national president of party’s minority wing, is accompanying Mr. Beg.
India gets a quota of about 1.7 lakh pilgrims annually from Saudi Arabia. Indian pilgrims go to Mecca through the Haj Committee and private tour operators.
Emotional scenes were witnessed in Mina as on arrival many pilgrims could not control tears and many continued to thank Allah for making it possible for them to perform Haj.
The annual Haj pilgrimage has so far been incident-free.

Men s hockey team regain gold  India jump to ninth placeSummer Asian Games
On a cold windy night, a golden dream became a reality.
Hold your breath. India won the Asian Games hockey gold medal against Pakistan in a pulsating shoot-out 4-2 after a 1-1 draw at the end of regulation time for a 5-3 aggregate as the Seonhak Hockey Stadium erupted in joy.
With this triumph India became the automatic qualifier for the Rio Olympics.
This was the moment Indian hockey was waiting after for 16 years from the Bangkok Asian Games in 1998. If there was a man-of-the-final prize it would have been given to Sreejesh for the brilliant saves he made in the shoot-out.
Rizwan (Sr.) strikes
Eventful in every sense of the epithet, it was a rousing final that kept the spectators at the edge of their seats.
If India looked sombre in the first quarter conceding an early goal to Rizwan (Sr.), in the rest of the quarters it was India that held the whip hand.
In the midfield, Gurbaj was the pick even overshadowing the irrepressible Sardar Singh with Kothajit Singh giving adequate support.
But the forwards were unable to make a combined move to threaten the rival defence. Quite a few chances were frittered away.
First it was Ramandeep who hit straight into the goalkeeper’s pads and then Sunil shot over.
India continued to exert pressure disturbing the composure of the Pakistan defenders with a series of long-range passes.
A penalty corner by Rupinderpal Singh was brilliantly saved by Imran Butt, but the equaliser looked imminent any second. And it did when a long-range drive by Gurbaj Singh culminated in Kothajit producing a stunning deflection into the boards.
It was nerve-wracking in the next two quarters despite India maintaining a firm grip on the contest.
Eventually, the tie ended 1-1 at the regulation time increasing the excitement all around.
But goalkeeper Sreejesh proved his class in effecting two brilliant saves, while for India Akashdeep Singh, Rupinderpal, Birendra Lakra and Dharambir scored with professional proficiency.
Memories of a similar victory flashes across the mind from Bangkok in 1998 when Ashish Ballal played the hero’s role. And today it was Sreejesh.
The results:
5-6: China 1 (Zhang Zhixuan) drew with Japan 1 (Kei Kawakami).
Shoot-out: China 4, Japan 3.
China 3 (Sun Long, Lei Ming, Sun Tianjun); Japan 3 (Ono Tomonori, Kenta Tanaka, Toshiro Tachibana):
Sudden-death: China 1 (Du Chen), Japan 0.
3-4: Korea 3 (Jang Jonghyun 2, Kim Youngjin) bt Malaysia 2 (Muhammad Razie).
Final: India 1 (Kothajit Singh) drew with Pakistan 1 (Rizwan Sr.).
Shoot-out: 4 (Akashdeep Singh, Rupinderpal Singh, Birendra Lakra, Dharambir Singh) bt Pakistan 2 (Muhammad Waqas, Shafqat Rasool).
Positions: 1. India; 2. Pakistan; 3. South Korea; 4. Malaysia; 5. China; 6. Japan; 7. Oman; 8. Bangladesh; 9. Singapore; 10. Sri Lanka.

Growth is stagnant and deflation is looming. What is Mario Draghi waiting forOctober 2, 2014
The devil is in the details, Mario Draghi learned today.
At a press conference, the European Central Bank president said little about his efforts to stave off deflation by boosting the balance sheet—the base of the money supply—of the central bank. Many believe that the ECB needs to buy up at least €1 trillion ($1.26 trillion) in bonds and other securities to make a difference to the euro zone’s economy. No numbers were forthcoming.
Of course, Draghi said little beyond that he was willing to do “whatever it takes” to defend the euro zone from collapse back in 2012. That succinct statement alone took the heat off of countries on the brink of default, with a steady and sustained decline in borrowing costs since then eased the pressure on member of the euro zone’s beleaguered “periphery.” These countries are now slowly— very slowly —getting their fiscal houses in order.
But more than two years after that famous promise, the pace of actual action at the ECB remains glacial. Today, traders looked to Draghi for details of a major bond-buying program he previewed last month. (That was when the ECB said it would buy asset-backed securities and mortgage-backed bonds from banks across the euro zone in hopes of freeing up funds to lend to hard-up small businesses and other cash-strapped borrowers.)
The traders were largely disappointed. The main announcement today concerned a few details about ECB plans to buy junk bonds from Greece and Cyprus , but that’s about it. Draghi only said that the “potential universe” of things the ECB would consider buying was €1 trillion. There were no indications of a plan to buy from the bottomless well of government bonds, like in the US, UK, and Japan.
Many think such a plan is necessary if the ECB is to actually expand its balance sheet enough to offer material support to the economy. The ECB hasn’t been nearly as aggressive as other major central banks, even as the euro zone economy struggles mightily:
Share
Tap image to zoom
For this reason, analysts’ notes published after today’s meeting mostly played on the “Draghi disappoints” theme. The normally mild-mannered president showed some exasperation himself. “I understand your desire to have very precise figures for everything,” he told the press pack. “That makes life perhaps easier.” (For his part, Draghi’s life will get easier next year when the ECB plans on holding  fewer press conferences .)
But if Draghi believes the press corps are the only ones eager for answers, he’s mistaken. The euro zone is dangerously close to slipping into a deflationary spiral , a malaise that has proven economically debilitating to Japan for decades.
Share
Tap image to zoom
In the short term, the central bank is the entity best able to counter that trend. But turning around huge economies takes time. Unlike after previous press conferences this year, the euro held firm on Draghi’s comments, which won’t help the ECB fight against low and falling inflation.
Azad Zangana of Schroders wrote in a note that the vagueness around the bond-buying plan, which will be rolled out in stages starting later this month, reflects an understanding at the ECB that it won’t be able to meet the market’s lofty expectations, or possibly that not all of its governors are comfortable with even a modest expansion of the bank’s balance sheet. Instead, the ECB is in “wait and see mode,” he says. But how much longer can it rely more on words than deeds?
Share this:

Move beyond Bali  look at larger Doha: India to WTOMove beyond Bali, look at larger Doha: India to WTO
Nayanima Basu | New Delhi Oct 03, 2014 12:50 AM IST
After a standoff over the trade facilitation agreement (TFA), India has urged the World Trade Organization (WTO) to move beyond the Bali deal and take up other important issues, which face an uncertain future under the main Doha Development Agenda (DDA).
During a meeting between WTO Director-General Roberto Azevêdo and the G-90 in Geneva earlier this month, India, along with other developing countries like China, had asked WTO members to start negotiating other issues such as non-agriculture market access (NAMA), fisheries subsidies, cotton subsidies and trade in services, among others.
These issues are all part of the larger DDA, the talks for which started in 2001 in the Qatari capital.
“We have told WTO that other issues cannot be held ransom to the Bali package and specifically to TFA just because that’s the top agenda for developed world. DDA has gone on the back burner it seems, while rich countries are now only talking of Bali,” a senior commerce department official told Business Standard.
On September 29, the Preparatory Committee on Trade Facilitation (PCTF) met again to close the chapter. However, the meeting ended without any movement on the issue. TFA seeks to relax global customs rules by cutting red tape and reducing transaction costs of exporters.
During the meeting, India was apparently the first one to speak and stated there was no change in its position. India was expected to sign a protocol of amendment to convert the TFA into a legally bound document on July 31. However, it refused to do so as it wants a parallel pact on public stockholding for food security.
Interestingly, while the government has maintained that it has no problems with TFA per se, at the PCTF it said more work needs to be done on TFA, which was supported by Egypt, Barbados, Ecuador, Nepal, Cuba, Bolivia, Venezuela and Zimbabwe.
On the other hand, it is learnt the US said discussions on resolving the food security issue had moved up to the General Council (GC), which is equivalent to a ministerial meet.
It also insisted that since no work is left to be done on the TFA, the PCTF should not be convened any more. It also strongly resisted sitting for another PCTF that is likely to take place on November 7.
The US said it believed further work on addressing this issue should take place within the General Council and not in the PCTF, which had completed its work.
US was able to garner some support from the European Union and Australia, which although did not reject the idea of holding the PCTF again, they resorted to a more wait-and-watch approach and wait for the outcome of the Trade Negotiations Committee that is scheduled to take place next Monday.
Azevêdo is expected to report the state of play on the Bali package during TNC meeting and if members were able to arrive at any consensus.

Quartz Daily BriefAsia editionHong Kongs standoff  Ukraines airport battle  hobbled Angry Birds  the smell of deOctober 2, 2014
What to watch for today
The US talks jobs, officially. Payroll firm ADP says 213,000 US jobs were created in September, but it’s the US labor department’s  report due on Friday that’s being watched for whether the jobless rate has continued to stay low at 6.1% .
Playing whack-a-mole with ISIL. The US-led bombing campaign against ISIL is forcing a change in tactics. In Iraq’s Anbar province, locals will face curfews on vehicle use —though only for certain types of vehicles—so it’s easier to tell when ISIL fighters attempt to relocate.
Another Hong Kong showdown. The deadline protestors gave chief executive CY Leung to resign came and went. Leung refused to relinquish power , but offered demonstrators a chance to begin talks with chief secretary Carrie Lam. Police told protestors if they attack defensive lines, there will be consequences .
The presidential parade in Brazil. Dilma Rousseff and Marina Silva have one more debate (link in Portuguese) before the first round of elections on Oct. 5, though a run-off vote between the two on Oct. 26 is  practically a foregone conclusion .
While you were sleeping
Turkey approved the use of force against ISIL. Both Iraq and Syria will soon face Turkish fighters ; foreign nations will also be allowed to conduct campaigns from Turkish soil. The Syrian town of Kobani—which sits on Turkey’s border—is about to be overthrown by ISIL, spurring  an influx of refugees  into Turkey.
Elon Musk teased the next Tesla.  With a single tweet , the CEO of Tesla and SpaceX set off a flurry of rumors and speculation about an elusive unveiling to occur on Oct. 9. In the meantime, we’re still waiting on  the affordable Model 3 .
Italy scoffed at Mario Draghi. In response to a visit by the European Central Bank head, the youth of Italy  took to the streets  to protest the austerity measures battering its hobbled  economy .
Ukraine loses grip on Donetsk airport. Flouting a Sept. 5 ceasefire , rebels in the eastern part of the country say they’ve captured 95% of the city’s airport , which the government needs to continue its flow of food and munitions.
Angry Birds got its wings clipped. Rovio CEO Mikael Hed published a note saying that the company has “been building our team on assumptions of faster growth than have materialized.” Translation: 130 people in Finland—16% of the team—will be laid off. Hed will be flying the coop  at year’s end.
Bob Iger couldn’t find the exit sign—again. After extending his stay as the CEO of Disney  once already , Iger has now decided he’ll be sticking around  until June 2018.
Quartz obsession interlude
Jason Karaian on why Mario Draghi has yet put out the fire in Europe. “More than two years after [Draghi's] famous promise, the pace of actual action at the ECB remains glacial. Today, traders looked to Draghi for details of a  major bond-buying program  he previewed last month. (That was when the ECB said it would buy asset-backed securities and mortgage-backed bonds from banks across the euro zone in hopes of freeing up funds to lend to hard-up small businesses and other cash-strapped borrowers.) The traders were largely disappointed. Read more here .
Matters of debate
Obama needs to keep quiet about Hong Kong. Because if he doesn’t, China’s paranoia—and propaganda—will  rise to unhealthy levels .
ISIL’s beheadings aren’t its only weapon of terror. Preventing women from receiving an education is just as dangerous and destabilizing.
Retirement is a pipe dream for the middle class. The global cost-cutting race means you’re going to work until you die .
All this feminism talk is hot air. We’re in yet another cycle of popular slogans that will soon be forgotten .
Surprising discoveries
Wall Street hates nice people. GoPro’s shares fell by nearly 9% after investors discovered the company’s founders donated $500 million to charity .
No, Londoners aren’t colorblind. Six of the city’s iconic red telephone boxes will be given a fresh coat of green paint , identifying the structures as solar-powered charging points.
Beer is a memory booster. Researchers at Oregon State University say a flavonoid found in hops—beer’s main ingredient— boosts mental performance .
The human nose knows when death is near. Once your sense of smell starts to go, you’re three times more likely to die in the near future than your aromatically-sound brethren.
Not all typos are created equal. One Japanese brokerage firm  confused value with volume and tried to trade a sum of money larger than Sweden’s economy.
Click here for  more surprising discoveries  on Quartz.
Our best wishes for a productive day. Please send any news, comments, charitable offenses, and cases of beer to hi@qz.com . You can follow us on Twitter here for updates throughout the day.
Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief  here , tailored for morning delivery in Asia, Europe & Africa, and the Americas.
Share this:

Game up for Kalmadi His Cong friends keep him at arms lengthSuresh Kalmadi
Written by Ajay Khape | Pune | Posted: October 3, 2014 4:40 am
In the hectic political developments in the run up to the Assembly elections, the absence of former city MP Suresh Kalmadi is being seen as an end to the role of the leader in city politics. Even his erstwhile staunch supporters, who are contesting on Congress tickets, are keeping away from him in the stiff contest they are facing in the multi-corner Assembly polls.
“There is no role for Kalmadi in the elections and the topic is over for the Congress,” said Sanjay Balgude, acting city Congress chief.
On pointing out that Congress candidate Vishwajeet Kadam met Kalmadi during the Lok Sabha elections and that the former MP had issued a letter of support to the Congress candidate, Balgude said, “Kalmadi was a sitting MP at that time. Now, the situation is different. There is no need for any party candidate to meet him and nobody has gone to seek his support.”
During the Lok Sabha elections, Ramesh Bagwe and a few other party leaders stood by Kalmadi as the leader sought a party ticket. Bagwe, a staunch supporter of Kalmadi, is contesting the Assembly elections from Pune Cantonment. His two other supporters — Abhay Chhajed and Umesh Kandhare — too are in the fray from Parvati and Kothrud Assembly segments, respectively.
Meanwhile, the efforts to contact Kalmadi did not yield result as his staff said the leader was busy with family matters.
A senior city Congress leader said Kalmadi was completely out of city politics and his supporters also kept him at arm’s length.
“Kalmadi is neither an MP now, nor is he part of the Congress so his influence in city politics is over. His supporters have also started moving away from him as now he is of no use to them in their growth in the party,” he said.
Earlier, Kalmadi, despite being suspended by the Congress, was playing a crucial role in city politics and was able to get party tickets for his supporters in civic elections.

Borgaon village mourns death of its heroBrigadier Anurag Bhasin, Commandant, BEG & Centre in Khadki, pays homage to Captain Avinash Somvanshi.
Written by Sushant Kulkarni | Osmanabad | Posted: October 3, 2014 4:28 am
I lost my son due to the negligence of senior officials. I do not want other sons of India to have the same fate,” said Yashwant Somvanshi, father of the Captain Avinash Somvanshi, who died in a helicopter crash in Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh, on Wednesday morning, during a maintenance sortie.
The entire Borgaon village in Osmanabad district mourned the death its 26-year-old hero, who got married just four months ago and would have celebrated his 27th birthday on October 16.
Yashwant (55), a farmer, said, “My son always spoke about his dreams to serve the country. I visited him in Bareilly around 15 days back.
The helicopters I saw him fly were in very bad condition. I lost my son due to the negligence of officials responsible for safety. Now, I hear that these helicopters are very old. I don’t want young sons of India to die flying these.”
Captain Avinash studied in Akluj till Class X and went to Aurangabad to prepare for the National Defence Academy entrance examination. An alumnus of 114th course of the NDA, he got commissioned into the 12 Dogra regiment in 2009 after training at the Indian Military Academy in Dehradun.
“Flying was his passion and so he joined the Army aviation last year in the 39 Recce and Observation Flight unit. Avinash probably saved many lives as there was a function going on near the crash site,” said the captain’s friend, who is also an Army officer.
“I always knew that when a son joins the Army, a father has to be ready for sacrifices. But not like this,” said an inconsolable Somvanshi.
Captain Avinash’s younger brother Deepak died in a road accident one and half years ago. “This family has gone through tough times in the past two years. Don’t know how to console Avinash’s wife,” said family friend Rasool Shaikh. “He was the first army officer from our village. He always participated in all the activities of the village whenever he came home,” Shaikh added.
After the crash, the Army ordered an inquiry into the matter. “People from his unit have told us that an inquiry will be conducted. We hope that the truth comes out about why our young men are losing their lives like this,” said Mohan Mane, a relative of the Somvanshis.
A press release issued by the defence PRO in Pune said, “The mortal remains of Captain Avinash were received with full military honours at the Pune Airport (Technical Area) on Thursday morning. BEG & Centre, Khadki, organised a reception as per the military protocol. As many as six officers of the BEG & Centre were the pall bearers. A guard of 20 others ranks was also present to accord military honours to
the Captain.”

Asian Games 2014: India women clinch kabaddi gold in Incheon52
10
Incheon: The Indian women's kabaddi team beat Iran in the final to clinch the gold medal at the 17th Asian Games in Incheon on Friday.
India defeated Iran 31-21 Songdo Global University Gymnasium to continue their dominance in the discipline at the Asiad.
India won the gold in Guangzhou, four years ago -- the first time women's kabaddi was introduced in the Asiad.
#asian games 2014 #incheon games 2014 #india #iran
The Indians were slow off the blocks but clawed back with utmost ease showing just why they are considered the powerhouse of the sport.
Against the very determined Iranians, India led the first half 15-11 before completely dominating the second half to seal the issue.
The Indians managed get the entire opposition declared out twice in the match, which gave them four 'lona' points -- a feat that Iran failed to do even once.
In the end, India were too strong and technically sound for the Iranians to beat despite their determination.
Nonetheless, it was an improvement for Iran on the podium as they had won a bronze in the previous edition.
The men's team have won all the six previous gold medals on offer at the Games.
1631

Maruti Suzuki to take on rivals with 12 new cars over five yearsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Diesel question: Despite no subsidy  govt not freeing up pricesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

VCs put $1b into early-stage startups in 2014deals
(Fund managers are pouring…)
MUMBAI: Venture capital investment in India has already breached the billion dollar mark this year-—with a few months still to spare-—signalling the growing attraction of a booming startups sector.
Fund managers are pouring money into consumer internet and technology firms that have cornered over half of the total deal flow this year. According to EY, there were 189 early-stage deals in the first nine months of 2014—total worth of Rs 6,764 crore, or $1.09 billion. This is significantly higher than deal flow for all of 2013, when there were 179 deals worth Rs 3,900 crore or $630 million.
As more Indians show a willingness to transact online, entrepreneurs are queuing up. Their ventures promise sky-rocketing growth, proving to be irresistible to venture investors.Indian online retail is expected to reach Rs 50,000 crore by 2016 from about Rs 12,000 crore in 2013.
"Over the past 18 months, the venture industry has begun to see several breakout companies driven by the significant growth and adoption of internet in India," said Niren Shah, managing director at NVP India.
NVP has backed firms like online classifieds player Quikr and furniture etailer Pepperfry, which have collectively raised nearly Rs 1,000 crore. Similarly, in the past quarter alone, taxi aggregators Ola and TaxiForSure raised a combined Rs 400 crore.
Realty portals like Commonfloor, Housing.com and IndiaHomes have also collectively raised over Rs 500 crore this year. Mobile recharge services company Freecharge has raised over Rs 200 crore, with rival PayTM also eyeing a mega round of financing.
Experts, however, believe inter et penetration, which will only increase with cheaper smartphones, is only one side of the coin. "More importantly, consumer behaviour pattern is also rapidly changing as they transact online, which makes the space quite attractive. Also there are increasing number of entrepreneurs coming into technology, consumer goods and healthcare, which underpins the India growth story," said Raja Lahiri, partner of Grant Thornton India.
EY's data on early-stage deals does not include large late-stage rounds of digital businesses like Flipkart, Snapdeal, Quikr, Make-MyTrip and Info Edge, among others. These would have collectively raised another $2 billion, or Rs 12,000 crore. These large rounds and mega valuations play a hand in boosting sentiment of early-stage investors.
In fact, venture investors are also backing startups in healthcare, education, financial services and food or agriculture ventures. This year, the likes of online test preparation portals Embibe and Toppr, financial services portals like Policybazaar and BankBazaar, agriculture equipment maker MITRA and supply chain firm Allfresh have all raised VC funding.
Some early-stage bets are showing increasing mark-up in valuations during follow-on rounds. "The belief is that large market leaders will create disproportionate value and those seem to the bets that investors are willing to back with large cheques," said Suvir Sujan, cofounder of Nexus Venture Partners, which was an early investor in etailer Snapdeal and logistics startup Delhivery.
"Startups, which used to come for funding three-four years after they were founded, are now coming in the first couple of years," said Rajesh Raju, MD at Bangalore-based Kalaari Capital. The VC has recently backed online travel startup TripHobo and jewel-lery etailer Bluestone. Entrepreneurs themselves have realised that it is a good time to raise capital.
"Investors realise that the Indian market is going through a once-in-a-lifetime change and digital will be the largest channel for distribution," said Adhil Shetty, founder of BankBazaar, which raised Rs 80 crore from Sequoia Capital earlier this year. The last time India saw such a boom was in 2007, when the total early stage investment just crossed $1 billion across 95 deals, according to data from EY.
But this time, capital is flowing to a lot more ventures. What could be a wet blanket, though, is global sentiment. "This trend of significant investments into internet is expected to continue in the next year driven by increased confidence of VC funds, strong growth, the coming-of-age of verticalised ecommerce companies and increased interest from overseas and strategic investors.However, any major declines in global tech markets could likely impact this trend adversely in India," said NVP's Shah.
 
Also new investors are now looking at deals in India, as they have funded similar businesses like ecommerce and online classifieds in markets like China. "I was in Hong Kong last week, and every other fund that I met had made a 6x returns on Alibaba in two and half years. Betting on that possibility again is definitely worth it," said Sandeep Murthy of Lightbox Ventures, whose portfolio includes Greendust and Zoomin.
But as the volume of dealmaking increases at the early stage, the ecosystem also needs to mature. "We are still not used to seeing significant mortality rates and company failing in India is a taboo. But in Silicon Valley it is celebrated, and this is a culture shift that we have to make as well," said Aashish Bhinde, executive director looking after digital media at investment bank Avendus Capital.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is Bapus idea; should not be connected to politics: Mumbai RailwaysPrime Minister Narendra Modi wields a broom with NDMC workers to launch 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan' in Valmiki Basti in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI photo)
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 3, 2014 6:44 am
In Mumbai, where the cleanliness drive saw two owners – BJP Central Government backed offices pitching it as Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, and the state government offices calling it a regular Gandhi Jayanti errand – the railways still recalled their first cleanliless drive, furiously administered by the then General Manager SPS Jain. Started in 2002, Jain started the drive–much to the reluctance of staff, to encourage a habit of cleanliness within the employees responsible for the infrastructure.
SPS Jain former General Manager CR , now retired, said, “Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is not to be connected with politics. It should only be seen related to Mahatma Gandhi, who always believed in cleanliness.” Jain had used October 2 occasion to kick off the drive that covered all the areas.
“We started this in 2002 and then took it to other railway division outside Mumbai. We never saw it as a one day program, and it should not be seen as even today,” he added. Jain said the effort for railways has always been maintenance of garbage disposal system and active awareness to ensure that the drive extends to all days.
The then DRM, Mumbai division, Central Railway, Vivek Sahai also supported the initiative and was actively monitoring it day and night. Wives of Railway officials would also lend their hand to the initiative. Between 2002 and 2003, many railway officials say that the UNICEF recognised heritage site –Chattrapati Shivaji Terminus was so clean that nobody dared to throw garbage on stations.
Officials recall, Mark Tully, former BBC bureau chief, admiring the initiative and going impressed with the manner in which the station and carriageways were looked after. Things changed after management changed and now the mandate to clean the platforms and railway tracks across the city limits are given on a contract basis.
On Thursday, while BJP ministers took some time to make a symbolic show of the drive by clearing platfroms, many railway staffers were heard complaining that none took to the tracks where the bulk of commuter garbage remain.

Women in jeans against Indian culture'Women in jeans against Indian culture'
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Thiruvananthapuram, October 02, 2014
First Published: 20:18 IST(2/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:42 IST(3/10/2014)
Comments
Veteran playback singer KJ Yesudas stirred a hornet’s nest on Thursday saying women should not ape men blindly and not attract unwanted attention through their revealing dresses. He also said  women should not cause trouble to others wearing dresses like jeans.
"Women should not cause trouble to others by wearing jeans....What should be covered should be covered," PTI quoted Yesudas as saying at a function organised by a voluntary organisation in connection with the Gandhi Jayanti celebrations in Thiruvananthapuram.
The 74-year-old singer, also a seven-time national award winner, said dresses like jeans was against Indian culture which really valued simplicity and grace as the greatest qualities of women.
“Once you wear revealing dress it provokes others.  So it should be ideal to wear attire that suits our culture,” he said.
His latest remark invited sharp criticism from many quarters and women activists have asked him to withdraw it immediately and tender an apology. Yesudas is known for taking bold position on key social issues, but his latest remark has shocked many.
Mahila Congress workers held a march outside the state secretariat here demanding the singer to withdraw his statement.
Many left organisations also decried his statement.
Though a Christian by birth, Yesudas believes in all religions.
A regular at Sabarimala and Kollur Mookambika temple he sang some of the best Muslim devotional songs and associated with many charitable activities.

1 000 US academics to teach in Indian univer...1,000 US academics to teach in Indian universities
By Vishwa Mohan, TNN | 3 Oct, 2014, 09.53AM IST
The US agreed to the proposal during the meeting of Prime Minister Narendra Modi with President Barack Obama in Washington on Tuesday. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: After planning to rope in scientists from the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) to take classes in schools and colleges, India is now looking at American academics for teaching in different Indian universities.
The idea is to invite and host up to 1,000 American academics every year to teach in centrally-recognized Indian universities. The academics - mainly from the field of science and innovations -- may visit India at their convenience.
The US agreed to the proposal during the meeting of Prime Minister Narendra Modi with President Barack Obama in Washington on Tuesday.
The India-US joint statement, issued after the meeting, said, "The President (Obama) welcomed India's proposal to establish the Global Initiative of Academic Networks (GIAN or knowledge) under which India would invite and host up to 1,000 American academics each year to teach in centrally-recognized Indian universities, at their convenience."
Referring to the proposal, officials said the modalities to invite US academics and assign them specific Indian university for teaching on short-term basis will be worked out by the human resource development ministry in consultation with the science and technology ministry that has recently come out with a similar plan to use domestic talent for the same task.
"Purpose of such initiative is to expose Indian students to the experience and expertise of the best of Indian scientists and US academicians," said an official.
The science and technology ministry had last month made it mandatory for over 5,000 scientists, working in different central agencies including the country's premier R&D body CSIR, to undertake 12 hours of lecture classes in an academic year in public-funded schools and colleges across the country.
The Indo-US joint statement has identified many other areas where both the countries would cooperate with each other in the field of science and expand their joint activities in "innovative technology".
It said, "The leaders (Modi-Obama) committed to partner on the 'Digital India' initiative, with the goal of enhancing digital infrastructure, deploying e-governance and e-services, promoting industry collaboration, and digitally empowering India's citizens. They also agreed in principle to initiate cooperative activities to increase capacity in cancer research and patient care delivery, including by developing collaborative programs for and with India's upcoming AIIMS-National Cancer Institute."
Besides, the US will, for the first time, be a partner country at India's annual Technology Summit next month. In addition, both the countries also committed to convene the ninth 'High Technology Cooperation Group' and plan to launch new partnerships to "source and scale innovation for the benefit of citizens".
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Olangal : thanks a million for this valuable info. i hope all our ...Gold Member
259 Followers
Which is this company? Sales increased with CAGR of 77% in the last 5 years, EBITDA increased with CAGR of 63% in the last 5 years and Operating cash profit increased with CAGR of 62% in the last 5 years. Its apparel sales increased by 49% in 2013-14 whereas its pharma sales increased by 294% in 2013-14. Its EPS is 18 and trading only at PE of 2.35 against the Industry average of 34.69. Did you get it. It is SUDAR INDUSTRIES.Open your eyes and take a second look at this Amazing Company.
1.24 PM Oct 2nd

Book profits at 18.2 in this ride folks close above 19.5 is a breakout...Platinum Member
433 Followers
dear gsk ji i had clearly said suzlon is a buy at 15 thats a  fair value for the stock but looking at the lc with heavy volumes the punters were determined to crush the small investors ...n we saw the levels of 12/13 which turned into an entry for traders like mee n for mee 18 is level to sell so i will follow my technicals ...if thers some strong news on the positive front at 18 levels then only we will see the breakout above 19.5 else play this range of 11.2-18.2 .....again buy on dips ...make money smartly always book profits when punters are active else u will be doomed play smart ....suzlon wont go below 10

Multibagger................after reaching the target of rs. 220..........Platinum Member
140 Followers
Multibagger................After reaching the target of Rs. 220.........................the stock will be split into Face Value of Rs. 2 each..............................Again it will reach the target of Rs. 100 after the split also.....................Sure shot Multi Multi Bagger....................Never sell even a single share.............................Dont be trapped by the Operators who are working for the company for hammering the prices..................Buyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy...................Never sell

Nifty stocks the so called safe ones will be hit the hardest......as i...307 Followers
molly...now I know why u five starred me in rei board!
that shift to oct puts immediately after sept expiry was a bit tricky for me due to high premium.
I am no longer worried after seeing sgx nifty figures on 2 and three.
any way I will encash my puts sometimes next week and then buy them again if they become weak due to a bounce back in nifty.
best wishes...do not stray in to rei agro...it is a king cobra that took many lives.

Affluent Indians join wave of investors in condos and homes in USE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Microsoft to set up 3 data centres in India by 2015Microsoft to offer cloud services in India, to set up 3 local data centres
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 14:51 IST
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella (Photo: AP)
Microsoft on Tuesday said it will offer commercial cloud services from local data centres in the country by 2015 as the technology giant gears up for the estimated US $2 trillion domestic market opportunity against competition from rival firms like Google and IBM.
The Richmond-headquartered software major said it will set up 3 data centres in three cities in the country by the end of 2015.
"Last year, our cloud business in India grew over 100 per cent. Buoyed by that success we have now decided to offer cloud services from local data centres. This will help us make global infrastructure and make that available to local data centres," Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella said in the national capital.
It is Nadella's first visit to the country after assuming the chief executive position at Microsoft.
Nadella, who is Microsoft's third CEO after Bill Gates and Steve Ballmer, added that cloud computing services in the country was a US $2 trillion market opportunity.
When asked about the investment, Nadella said, "I can't give you a specific amount but as we get started you will see the scale. The initial footprint itself will be quite high."
The Microsoft CEO said a world-class (cloud) infrastructure will help revitalise productivity.
The company said that it will establish 3 data centres in three cities in India to be established by the end of 2015.
Microsoft India Chairman Bhaskar Pramanik said, "By offering out cloud services through local data centres, we can help make Digital India a reality. This opens new possibilities in e-governance, financial inclusion, healthcare and education."
Greyhound Research CEO Sanchit Vir Gogia said Microsoft's business is an interesting mix between reach and depth - reach via WindowsOS and depth via Enterprise relationships.
While Microsoft has surely missed the mobility curve, it still remains to be a formidable player in Cloud and Platform arena, he added.

Coal Mines Verdict Could Trigger Reforms in Sector: S&PFDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
New Delhi: The recent cancellation of coal block allocations by the Supreme Court provides an opportunity for the government to reform the process of awarding coal mines in the country, global credit rating agency Standard & Poor's said on Wednesday.
"Standard & Poor's believes a transparent allocation policy will play an important role in determining the profitability and strategy of coal consuming companies," S&P said.
"This, combined with a streamlined process for getting environmental clearances and approvals for land acquisition, would give these companies the confidence to invest and revive their long-pending projects," the agency said in its 'Supreme Court Ruling Could Ignite Reforms In India's Coal Sector' report.
The ruling could lead to an improved process for allocating coal mines and boosting the supply of coal in a country that faces a severe shortage of the fuel, S&P credit analyst Mehul Sukkawala said.
Last week, the Supreme Court cancelled all but four of the 218 coal blocks that the government had allocated between 1993 and 2010.
The apex court had observed that the allocation was arbitrary, illegal, and resulted in unfair distribution of national wealth.
"We believe the cancellation of coal blocks increases near-term uncertainty for the operations and investment plans of companies that were either allocated the mines or were expecting to source coal from them," Mr Sukkawala said.
He added that it could also hurt the significantly improved investor sentiment in India following the change in the government earlier this year.
The S&P report published today also said a transparent process to allocate coal mines is likely to involve an auction, just as the government did for telecom spectrum.
The government could also extend the solution for coal miners to the mining of iron ore, bauxite, and other minerals, it said, adding that doing so can help the country take a big step toward resolving issues plaguing the mining sector for the past few years.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 19:18 (IST)

Maruti  Hyundai  M&M Post Gains in September SalesYou are here: Home Industries
Maruti, Hyundai, M&M Post Gains in September Sales
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 01, 2014 19:41 (IST)
FDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
Major car makers including Maruti Suzuki, Hyundai, Honda, Toyota and M&M today reported domestic sales growth in September ahead of the festive season.
Others like Tata Motors, General Motors and Ford India, however, reported decline in sales. Maruti Suzuki said its domestic sales during the month stood at 99,290 units, up 9.8 per cent from 90,399 units in September last year.
The company's sales were driven by its compact cars, comprising Swift, Estilo, Celerio, Ritz and Dzire, which clocked 43,304 units as against 36,679 units in the year-ago month, up 18.1 per cent.
Sales of mini passenger cars including Alto, A-Star and WagonR were down 13.4 per cent at 35,547 units as against 41,061 units in the same month previous year.
Rival Hyundai Motor India sold 35,041 units last month in the domestic market as compared to 30,601 units in September 2013, up 14.5 per cent. Hyundai Motor India's Senior Vice President (Sales and Marketing) Rakesh Srivastava said the domestic growth was on the back of strong performance of new models, including the new Elite i20 that clocked 8,902 units.
"In this festive season, we are seeing a significant increase in first time buyers and exchange buyers which is very encouraging as it will accelerate the positive momentum already being experienced in the last few months," he added.
Honda Cars India also reported 45 per cent increase in domestic sales in September 2014 at 15,015 units as against 10,354 units in the same month last year. "We continue to perform strongly with strong demand for all our models during this festival period," Honda Cars India's Senior Vice-President (Marketing and Sales) Jnaneswar Sen said.
He added that the company has resumed production of its flagship model Honda City during September 2014 and in coming months, the firm would be able to ensure better availability and timely deliveries to fulfil the huge demand.
Toyota Kirloskar Motor (TKM) said its sales in domestic market stood at 12,552 units during the month, up 4.46 per cent as compared to 12,015 units in the same month last year. TKM Senior Vice President (Sales and Marketing) N Raja said: "We have registered growth this month. The industry is
beginning to gradually turn around. Positive market sentiments combined with the festive season is expected to boost sales in the coming months as well."
Homegrown auto major Mahindra & Mahindra's domestic sales grew by 4.5 per cent to 42,408 units last month as against 40,574 units a year earlier. M&M Chief Executive Automotive Division and International
Operations (AFS) Pravin Shah said: "The sales numbers for September have been encouraging and we are glad that the automotive industry is turning the bend."
He further said: "We expect the ensuing festive season to bring in some much needed cheer with a slew of new launches from manufacturers... We do hope that the recently launched New Generation Scorpio will continue to be a trendsetter."
Domestic sales of Tata commercial and passenger vehicles were down 11 per cent during the month at 40,874 units as against 45,958 units in September last year, Tata Motors said in a statement. Sales of passenger vehicles in the domestic market in September stood at 11,931 units, down 7 per cent from 12,839 units in the same month last year.
General Motors India, however, reported 37.38 per cent decline in September sales at 4,413 units as against 7,048 units sold in the same month of last year.
GM India Vice President P Balendran said: "There is some positive movement in the market due to the festival season and new entries. However, the complete recovery of the automobile industry is still some time away."
Ford India's domestic sales also declined 36.22 per cent to 6,786 units in September as against 10,640 units in the same month previous year.
In the two-wheeler segment, Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India (HMSI) reported 33.32 per cent growth in domestic sales for September at 4,38,521 units as against at 3,28,907 units in the same month last year.
Yamaha Motor India also reported 26.78 per cent increase in domestic two-wheeler sales at 59,325 units in September as compared to 46,790 units in the same month last year.
Chennai-based TVS Motor Co said its domestic two-wheeler sales grew by 29 per cent at 2,17,447 units in September 2014 as compared to 1,68,598 units in the same month last year.
Bajaj Auto reported 7.14 per cent increase in motorcycle sales at 3,47,010 units during the month as against 3,23,879 units in the corresponding month of previous year.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 19:41 (IST)

Ranbaxy Launches Acne Treatment Capsules in USYou are here: Home Corporates
Ranbaxy Launches Acne Treatment Capsules in US
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 01, 2014 21:52 (IST)
Why Zomato Has Been a Big Winner for Info Edge
New Delhi: Drug firm Ranbaxy Laboratories on Wednesday launched a capsule used for treatment of severe acne in the US.
Ranbaxy Laboratories Inc, a subsidiary of the company, has announced the launch of Absorica capsules in the strengths of 25 mg and 35 mg in the US market.
"The product is licensed to Ranbaxy from Cipher Pharmaceuticals Inc," Ranbaxy Laboratories said in a statement.
"Since isotretinoin dosing is weight-based, we are most pleased to make available these valuable, additional dosing options exclusively for Absorica," Ranbaxy North America brand division vice president Ashish Anvekar said.
This will give prescribers enhanced flexibility to tailor the isotretinoin therapy depending on the patient's weight, and benefit the group of patients who are in that weight range, irrespective of their dietary intake, he added.
"The capsules are indicated for the treatment of severe recalcitrant nodular acne in patients 12 years of age and older," the company said.
The medicine must not be used by female patients who are or may become pregnant. Absorica is only available through a restricted distribution program called iPLEDGE, it added.
In April, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries had announced to acquire Ranbaxy Laboratories in a $4-billion deal.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 20:53 (IST)

First-time buyers  festive season push car sales in Septemberautomobile
While car makers like Maruti Suzuki, Hyundai, Honda, Toyota and M&M reported good domestic sales others like Tata Motors, General Motors and Ford India reported decline in sales.
The month of September brought in some festive cheer for the automakers as major car makers, including Maruti Suzuki, Hyundai and Honda, reported good growth in domestic sales with first-time buyers entering the car market. A series of new launches by automobile giants during the month also pushed sales.
Market leader Maruti Suzuki registered 9.8 per cent jump in sales at 99,290 units during the month against 90,399 units in the year-ago period, driven by compact cars segment comprising Swift, Estilo, Celerio, Ritz and Dzire, which grew 18.1 per cent to 43,304 units.
On the back of a strong demand for its new Elite i20, Hyundai Motor India Ltd. (HMIL) registered a growth of 14.5 per cent. It sold 35,041 units compared to 30,601 units in September, 2013. HMIL Senior Vice-President (Sales and Marketing) Rakesh Srivastava said, “In this festive season, we are seeing a significant increase in first-time buyers and exchange buyers, which is very encouraging as it will accelerate the positive momentum already being experienced in the last few months.”
Likewise, Honda Cars India Ltd. (HCIL) reported 45 per cent increase in domestic sales at 15,015 units. “We continue to perform strongly with strong demand for all our models during this festival period,” HCIL Senior Vice-President (Marketing and Sales) Jnaneswar Sen said.
Toyota Kirloskar Motor Ltd (TKML) said its sales in the domestic market stood at 12,552 units during the month, up 4.46 per cent as compared to 12,015 units in the same month last year. Its Senior Vice-President (Sales and Marketing) N. Raja said,
“We have registered growth this month. The industry is beginning to gradually turnaround. Positive market sentiment combined with the festive season is expected to boost sales in the coming months as well.”
Homegrown auto major Mahindra & Mahindra’s domestic sales (vehicles of all categories) grew by 4.5 per cent to 42,408 units. M&M Chief Executive (Automotive Division and International Operations) (AFS) Pravin Shah said, “We expect the ensuing festive season to bring in some much needed cheer with a slew of new launches from manufacturers.”
For Tata Motors, sales of passenger vehicles in the domestic market stood at 11,931 units, down 7 per cent from 12,839 units in September 2013. GM India’s sales declined by 37.38 per cent to 4,413 units, while Ford India saw 36.22 per cent drop at 6,786 units.
For GM India, the numbers include 143 units of exports in September, marking the company’s maiden vehicle shipment to Chile.
Two-wheeler segment
In the two-wheeler segment, Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India (HMSI) reported 33.32 per cent growth in domestic sales at 4.39 lakh units during the said month.
The Chennai-based TVS Motor Company said its domestic sales grew by 29 per cent at 2.17 lakh units.

Jayalalithaa fails to get immediate relief againJayalalithaa fails to get immediate relief again
PTI
AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa
Bangalore,Oct 1:  
Jailed AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa will have to stay in prison for at least six more days as the vacation bench of the Karnataka High Court today posted for October 7 hearing on her pleas for suspension of the sentence and immediate bail in the disproportionate assets case.
As Jayalalithaa sought immediate relief, the court yesterday first posted the hearing for October 6 but hours later listed the matter for today after her counsel pleaded for urgent hearing.
When the matter came up before the vacation bench judge Justice Rathnakala, Jayalalithaa’s counsel Ram Jethmalani pleaded for suspending the sentence pending appeal under Section 389 of the Criminal Procedure Code and for her release on bail.
Section 389 states that pending any appeal by a convicted person, the Appellate Court may order that the execution of the sentence or order appealed against be suspended. Also, if the person is in confinement, that he or she be released on bail, or on own bond.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Bday spl: Asha Parekhs life in picsPhoto uploaded by Lipla Bhatt
on Sep 30, 2014 , 05:08 pm
2068 Views  |  3  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Asha Parekh who is known for her performances in films like Kati Patang, Teesri Manzil and Love In Tokyo, is often referred to as the 'Silver Jubilee' queen of Bollywood.   Image Source: Procured via Google Search
Asha Parekh who is known for her performances in films like Kati Patang, Teesri Manzil and Love In Tokyo, is often referred to as the 'Silver Jubilee' queen of Bollywood.   Image Source: Procured via Google Search

Hot pics: TV bahu Akshara aka Hina KhanPhoto uploaded by Yukti Mehra
on Sep 29, 2014 , 05:35 pm
6755 Views  |  5  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Hina Khan better know Akshara has become the darling of the masses since the day she made her debut on television. Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images
Hina Khan better know Akshara has become the darling of the masses since the day she made her debut on television. Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images

Make Gujarati Khichdi with Chef VikasPrint
'Yahoo brings Vikas@Home' is a brand new 52-week video series from Yahoo Lifestyle Cuisine. Every week, Masterchef Vikas Khanna will bring you one dish that has made a difference in his life; as he shares the recipe, he will also share his experiences and stories behind that recipe. Stay tuned for an exciting 52-week journey with Chef Vikas.
 
EPISODE 37: GUJARATI KHICHDI
On Gandhi Jayanti, Chef Vikas Khanna explores a recipe that has comforted many a soul. Khichdi is a simple one pot meal that has many variations all over the country. Chef Vikas shows you a vegetable version that you can add to your rerepertoire.
 
2 tablespoons               Ghee or vegetable oil
8 nos.                           Green Cardamom pods
8 to 10                         Cloves
1 medium                    Onion (peeled & grated)
3                                  Green chillies (slit lengthwise)
1 teaspoon                   Turmeric powder
½ cup                           Potato, peeled and diced
½ cup                           Carrots,            peeled and diced
1 cup                           Fresh or frozen peas (thawed)
1 cup                           Basmati rice (rinsed twice and soaked for 45 minutes)
½ cup                           Split pigeon peas/ Toor dal (rinsed twice and soaked for 30 minutes)
3 cups                          Water
 
Method:
Heat the ghee or oil over medium heat in a medium pot with a lid. Add the cardamom pods, cloves, cinnamon, onion, chillies and turmeric powder and cook, stirring, until fragrant, for about a minute.
Add the potatoes, carrots and peas and sauté for a minute.
Add the rice, lentils and salt and stir continuously for 3-4 minutes until well mixed.
Add the water, bring to a boil, and then reduce the heat to low. Cover and cook until the mixture has a thick, risotto-like consistency, about 15-20 minutes.
Serve hot.
Make this dish at home and let us know how it turned out. Do keep in touch with us by sending in your comments/feedback in the comments space below. See you next week!
Yahoo presents Vikas@Home is a brand new 52-week series hosted by International Masterchef Vikas Khanna. Stayed tuned for latest episodes, every Wednesday at 11 am, only on Yahoo India Lifestyle Cuisine
VIKAS@HOME: EARLIER EPISODES

Rising Rural Wages in Asia Will Reduce Extreme Poverty: ReportMeasures Undertaken by New Government to Revive Growth: India Inc
London:
The rise in rural wages now taking place across Asia could lift hundreds of millions of people out of extreme poverty in the next decade, a new report showed on Thursday.
Falling birth rates and a growing demand for factory workers mean that rural wages will keep rising sharply across the continent, according to the Overseas Development Institute's (ODI) report Rural Wages in Asia.
The ODI is Britain's leading independent think tank on international development and humanitarian issues.
The study found that up to three quarters of the world's poorest people, particularly those who earn less than the extreme poverty level of $1.25 a day, live in rural areas.
ODI research fellow Steve Wiggins said that rural wages were crucial as they "mark the lowest returns to labour on offer".
"Once people get paid over $5 a day, they leave the real misery of extreme poverty behind," Wiggins told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
"Another decade of rural wage rises could see the end of extreme poverty en masse in Asia, improving the lives of hundreds of millions of people."
Average earnings for male farm workers in China more than doubled between 1998 and 2007, rising to $7 a day from $3.02, the report showed.
In Bangladesh, average rural wages rose to $2.21 a day in 2010 from $1.52 in 2005, a 45 per cent increase, while India saw a rise of 35 per cent between 2005 and 2012, to $2.91 a day from $2.15.
Female rural workers in China, India, Pakistan and Bangladesh earn up to a third less than their male counterparts, but the wage gap appears to be narrowing, the report said.
It also found that the rise in rural wages has in turn led to further rises in factory wages, leading to the relocation of factories from Asia to poorer regions where labour costs are lower, particularly Africa.
"Increasing rural wages in Asia could give Africa a huge growth boost," Wiggins said.
"This can already be seen outside Addis Ababa in Ethiopia with the arrival of the first pioneer wave of relocated Chinese plants.
"This could be a game-changer for African countries, and they need to ensure they have a trained workforce and basic infrastructure in place, otherwise they might miss this boat."
The report analysed information from the 13 most populous countries in East, South and Southeast Asia.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

India-US agree to fight climate change through better use of informationClimate Change
(India and the United States…)
NEW DELHI: India and the United States have agreed to work together on efforts to adapt to the impacts of climate change and improve climate resilience through better use of information and planning. Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama issued ajoint statement in Washington, DC on Tuesday, laying out the broad contours of a new partnership between India and the United States for climate resilience.
The two leaders propose to identify opportunities to jointly advance capacity for strengthening climate resilience, including development of actionable information, data and tools to help national, state, and local officials with climate adaptation planning. They agreed to specify areas of partnership to improve India's renewable energy capabilities and production, thereby help contain the dependence on fossilfuels for energy generation and move to a low carbon growth path.
The focus on adaptation comes at a time when both countries have been dealing with extreme weather events like droughts in parts of the United States, and excessive rainfallin parts of India.
The joint statement is a recognition of India's contention that development, energy access, and improving the living standards of its people is as much a priority as addressing climate change. The Export-Import Bank of the United States and the Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency (IREDA) have agreed to enter into a memorandum of understanding (MoU), to make available financing of up to $1 billion to support export of Made-in-America renewable energy goods and services for clean energy projects in India.
The understanding between the two institutions includes establishing a framework for cooperation under the MoU to increase mutually beneficial business opportunities in support of India's energy initiatives, including the doubling of the upcoming phase of Jawaharlal Nehru National Solar Mission (JNNSM) to 3,000 MW. In a similar effort, the two governments have agreed to create a bilateral Clean Energy Finance Forum through which public and private sector officials from the two countries can explore specific opportunities to mobilise finance for clean energy.
The two countries have agreed to a new partnership on energy smart cities that will showcase the policies, technologies, and business and finance models needed to turn clean energy into a commercial opportunity that will draw in private capital and allow commercial scale-up to take off.
The two governments have also agreed to a new multi-million dollar, multi-year effort, Greening the Grid, to ensure reliable delivery of clean energy through a stronger, more flexible power system.
The focus will be on enabling large-scale deployment of clean energy and energy efficiency, thereby improving India's capacity to absorb into its grid an increasing proportion of renewable energy.
The US is also evaluating new activities that would help India reduce imports, become more efficient, and meet new international environmental standards for fuels.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why companies may avoid upgrading to Windows 10Companies may avoid upgrading to Windows 10 because of the bitter experience with Windows 8
Varun Aggarwal & Sneha Jha, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 06.39AM IST
Tags:
Microsoft
(Microsoft wants you to upgrade…)
BANGALORE/MUMBAI: Microsoft wants you to upgrade your Prius with a Tesla. That's the analogy used by Joe Belfiore, corporate vice-president, operating systems group, Microsoft, at the Windows 10 launch event in San Francisco to highlight the leap taken by the company with the new operating system (OS).
The only hitch is that you need to be confident that your new electric car won't catch fire. "Windows 10 will work on the broadest type of devices ever. From the smallest Internet of Things to enterprise data centres worldwide," Microsoft vice-president, operating system, Terry Myerson, told the audience on Tuesday, while explaining why the new iteration of their OS is called Windows 10 and not Windows 9. Microsoft is also expected to offer a free upgrade to Windows 10 for Windows 8 users.
But that hasn't got any Indian enterprise excited. Reason? The bad aftertaste left by Windows 8 adoption. With more than 10% of his company's desktops running on Windows 8, Vikram Dhanda , senior vice-president, IT, shared services, at Aegis told ET how many users wanted to move back to Windows 7 after getting frustrated with the Windows 8 user interface.
He feels a free upgrade to Windows 10 will be too little too late. "Delayed gratification is the term used for this kind of inducement but I don't think it will work. The reason is that we have become intolerant of irritants particularly when there are so many choices and alternatives that are available," he said.
The extent of the failure of Windows 8 can be seen from its deployment figures. Even after two years of launch, Windows 8 and Windows 8.1 combined have a desktop operating system market share of only about 12%, according to the portal Netmarketshare. Windows XP on the other hand commands a 24% market share even though Microsoft stopped supporting the OS in April this year.
"The cost of the software is not what has prevented most organisations from moving to Windows 8 — it's the cost of compatibility testing, application remediation and doing the actual upgrade," said Michael Silver, VP and re earch director at Gartner. Silver said even a free upgrade to Windows 10 will not be enough to push enterprises to adopt it and expressed his scepticism over Microsoft's ability to offer a smooth transition to Windows 10 for enterprises.
"A free software up grade is not a slam dunk that organisations will deploy it," he said. Tata Motors, which has more than 20,000 PCs installed, has only a small number of them running on Windows 8. When asked if he'll consider moving these 20,000 systems to Windows 10 if it's offered as a free upgrade, chief information officer Jagdish Belwal said the cost of the OS was not the only concern for him.
"In enterprises, it is more about your security, compatibility and manageability. We manage 20,000 computers centrally. For us it becomes imperative that all tools and processes that we use to manage these systems work on the new OS." Mohit Bhishikar , CIO of Persistent Systems, has decided to hold on to the more stable Windows 7.
"The overall industry response on Windows 8 was poor. There were challenges relating to usability and security. So we decided to stick to Windows 7," he said. Bhishikar now wants to adopt a wait and watch policy toward Windows 10. DTDC Cargo and Courier, which is piloting Windows 10, has a mixed initial response toward the OS.
"We currently have concerns over legacy and custom-based applications support as some of our legacy custom applications are giving errors due to some of the old libraries on Windows 10," said general manager, IT, Satyajit Sarkar. He, however, welcomed the refreshing new interface of Windows 10 with features such as the start menu, multiple desktops and universal app store.
He didn't comment on whether he'll be looking at upgrading the company's PCs to Windows 10. Reliance Entertainment-Digital is running the Windows 8 OS on 60% of its desktops and laptops.
The transition process to Windows 8 was filled with challenges. "The OS was disappointing in terms of enhancements, user interface, speed and security," said Sayed Peerzade, VP, technology. However, Peerzade is optimistic that the much-touted successor of Windows 8 will reflect Microsoft's efforts towards course correction.
"I am hopeful that with Windows 10 Microsoft will address the issues plaguing the previous version." The performance of Windows 10 is going to be critical for Microsoft in view of Windows 8 having received a lukewarm response and XP's sunset, said Sanchit Vir Gogia, chief analyst at Greyhound Research.
"We believe under Satya's leadership, Windows 10 should be able to win back the trust on their OS," he said, referring to new CEO Satya Nadella .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Windows 10 software tries blending new with familiarWindows 10 tries blending new with familiar
By AP | 1 Oct, 2014, 10.27AM IST
The company gave an early preview of the new Windows 10 software, which it aims to begin selling by the middle of next year.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: Microsoft is trying to soften an unpopular redesign of Windows by reviving features from older versions while still attempting to nudge desktop users into a world of touch screens and mobile devices.
The company on Tuesday gave an early preview of the new Windows 10 software, which it aims to begin selling by the middle of next year. Although the current version is called Windows 8, Microsoft says it's skipping ahead to Windows 10 to emphasize its effort to move forward.
"Windows 10 represents the first step in a whole new generation of Windows," said Terry Myerson , executive vice president of Microsoft's operating systems group. Windows 8 was introduced two years ago as an answer to the growing demand for mobile devices. But many users hated it because its tablet-like design and controls weren't a good fit for many devices using keyboards and mice. Sales of personal computers continued to fall.
With Windows 10, Microsoft is trying to regain the loyalty of longtime PC users, while reaching out to consumers and businesses that are increasingly adopting touch-screen smartphones and tablets.
Analysts consider the success of the new Windows crucial for Microsoft and new CEO Satya Nadella , who must show that Microsoft can embrace mobile devices without sacrificing the traditional computing experience.
The new system will be a blend of the old and the new. For instance, it will have various controls that are familiar to users of older Windows systems, such as a start menu to quickly access apps. But this start button will also open a series of tiles that resemble what's found in Windows 8.
Analysts said that more gradual transition is important if Microsoft wants to persuade users to upgrade.
"This is what Windows 8 should have been," said Carolina Milanesi , a veteran tech analyst at the research firm Kantar Worldpanel . "Here they are doing the right thing."
Microsoft executives signaled they got that message on Tuesday. They stressed repeatedly that using the next version of Windows won't be a challenge for businesses or consumers who have continued to use Windows 7 or even earlier versions.
The new software seeks to offer "the familiarity of Windows 7 with some of the benefits that exist in Windows 8," said Joe Belfiore , a Microsoft executive who oversees Windows design and evolution.
He compared it to buying a new car with a more powerful engine and a better audio system, without having to "learn a new way to drive."
Windows 10, for instance, will suggest new ways to use or navigate through files, without forcing users to abandon the old way, Belfiore said.
"We're designing the experience so that as you use it, the things you already know are familiar and present, but new value is presented to you at a rate that's easier for you to ingest," he said.
The effort drew tentative praise from several industry experts.
"They desperately needed to find a way to bridge that experience. I just wish they'd done that with Windows 8," said Rob Enderle, a tech analyst with the Enderle Group .
Milanesi said that while many businesses resisted upgrading to Windows 8, they can't avoid touch screens as younger workers are accustomed to using phones or tablets as their primary computing device.

Microsoft to offer premium features on cheaper phonesMicrosoft to offer premium features on cheaper phones
By Gulveen Aulakh , ET Bureau | 2 Oct, 2014, 06.16AM IST
Microsoft Mobiles will bring premium features like search engine Bing and One Drive storage solution to affordable smartphones
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Microsoft Mobiles will bring premium features like search engine Bing and One Drive storage solution to affordable smartphones and even on phones costing less than $100, as it aims to drive up volumes to increase the share of Windowsbased phone in India. The company will follow the strategy of "democratising services" across price points in India, a critical yet highly competitive market for the handset maker, said Ajey Mehta, who took over as Microsoft Mobiles' managing director for India.
Microsoft Corp bought Nokia in April this year for $7.5 billion, and renamed it Microsoft Mobiles. Mehta was previously heading sales and operations for Nokia in the India, Middle East and Africa markets. Nokia, once the market leader in India with a more than 70% share as recently as in 2010-11, had just a 10% share in this June, as per research firm IDC.
It is not among the top five smartphone players, the fifth being Motorola with a 5% share. "My wish is to bring back Nokia (Microsoft Mobiles) to the top, and we're extremely well-positioned to do that with our integration with Microsoft as we can offer a far superior experience to consumers," he told ET on the sidelines of an event to launch the Lumia 730, 830 and 930 models, priced at Rs 15,299, Rs 28,799 and Rs 38,649, respectively.
"We need to make the market for Windows phone," Mehta said, adding that the company will intro duce more models at lower price points in the affordable smartphone segment. Affordable smartphone segment is the fastest growing in India's overall smartphone space, which itself is set to double to 80 million units this year.
The Windows operating system for mobile phones is a distant third as it follows Apple's iOS and Google's Android, which has a dominant share, in India and worldwide. Soon after the merger, Microsoft embarked on a retrenchment exercise and announced that it would cut 18,000 jobs. About 550 employees from Nokia India moved to Microsoft after the transaction. Mehta said the impact on Microsoft's mobile phone division "has been minimal".

Offline retailers may boycott iPhone 6 as 5S being offered at discounted pricesYou are here: Home > Collections > Retailers
Offline retailers may boycott iPhone 6 as iPhone 5S being offered at discounted prices on e-commerce sites
Gulveen Aulakh, ET Bureau Sep 29, 2014, 12.19PM IST
(According to sellers that…)
NEW DELHI: Some mobile phone retailers have threatened to boycott Apple's much-awaited iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models after their expected pre-Diwali launch because they are miffed that the iPhone 5S is being offered at heavily discounted prices on popular e-commerce sites Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal.
According to sellers that ET spoke to, some of the 1.5 lakh retailers claimed they have returned their iPhone 5S models, saying they can't compete with the discounts, which have lowered the price of the device to less than their cost.
"All over India, there is a huge uproar and heartburn among retailers against online sellers since their business and reputation is being lost," said Subhash Chandra, managing director of retail store chain Sangeetha Mobiles, adding that offline sellers were adversely affected as customers were increasingly going online.
A top executive at another retailer told ET that if things stay as they are, he would neither display nor sell the Apple iPhone 6 or 6 Plus. Apple products are distributed in India by Redington and Ingram Micro. ET could not independently confirm whether retailers had returned iPhone 5S models. Apple didn't respond to emailed queries seeking comment.
An executive close to dealings at Apple India said the company hasn't authorised marketplaces such as Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal to sell iPhones in India. Infibeam is the sole authorised online seller for iPhones while Flipkart is authorised to sell iPads and iPods.
The emergence of online retailing and its pricing benefits and the rift created with traditional sales channels exists in other global markets as well, for instance, when Amazon started operating in the US.
In India, where the online retail growth story has only just begun, about 12-14% of mobile phone sales are being diverted from offline retailers on a monthly basis, according to research firm Convergence Catalyst. This will only increase as Internet penetration spreads and e-commerce grows.
"There is unrest among retailers, as even brands are supporting online," said Satish Babu, founder of retail store chain UniverCell Mobiles.
Titu Tanwani, one of the largest distributors of mobile phones in Jaipur, told ET that many retailers had decided to stop selling iPhones as they were facing massive flak from consumers who are able to buy the devices online at much lower prices.
"The price difference is as high as Rs 11,000 on some models. Apple is liquidating stocks of the older models," he said, alleging that the company was doing so in anticipation of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus launch expected next month. He added that state trade associations, such as that of Rajasthan, were protesting against the brands.
E-commerce sites show that the 16 GB iPhone 5S, the highest-selling model for the company in India this year, on offer at betweenRs 34,000 and Rs 36,000, as much as 36% less than the original retail price of Rs 53,500.
The 16 GB iPhone 5S is available on Amazon for Rs 33,999.
Tanwani added that retailers were also rallying against local handset makers. The retailers are threatening to boycott Micromax, Spice and Karbonn, which have launched devices backed by Google's Android One platform exclusively online.
Google has partnered with Micromax, Karbonn and Spice to sell Android One smartphones priced between Rs 6,299 and Rs 6,499, exclusively on the three e-commerce sites.
Spice didn't respond to ET's queries at the time of writing. "To ensure convenient access to our devices, our distribution strategy is a judicious mix of both traditional and new-age sales channels. Retailers continue to be the lynchpin of our distribution nexus and we would continue to expand our retail network in the future," Karbonn said in a statement.
A Micromax company spokesperson said all distribution channels will coexist but consumers should have the choice to buy from any platform they choose. "India is a huge market and hence different channels are developing to serve the various consumer segments. As part of our tactical promotions, we might choose a partner for a particular activity but our strategic intent is a balanced approach towards all sales channels."
A senior executive from a large format retail chain told ET that he had returned his Apple phones to distributors in protest, adding that they cannot compete with prices offered online. "We will be talking to the brands individually, but I won't hesitate to boycott a brand if I am being treated unfairly."
Several large format retailers, including UniverCell, Sangeetha Mobiles, The Mobile Store and Spice's Hot Spot, have created an informal association that is trying to sort out the situation and will be speaking to consumers and the government on the matter, which they say threatens their survival.
However, the existence of e-commerce stores and competition from them are a reality that none of the retailers can ignore, said The Mobile Store's Chief Executive Himanshu Chakravarti.
The Essar Group-owned company, which owns more than 800 stores across the country, plans to partner with e-commerce players to augment revenue and limit the loss of customers.
Sangeetha Mobiles' online store, ShopNo47.com, launched on eBay India's site early this month to sell mobile phones, smartphones, tablets and accessories.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US health experts express concern over working group on IPUS health experts express concern over working group on intellectual property
Lalit K Jha     Washington   Last Updated: October 2, 2014  | 14:03 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
The decision of the government and the United States to establish a high-level working group on intellectual property will allow America to put "pressure" on the country to expand liberal grants of drug patents in the country, independent American health care experts have warned.
"This working group will give the US a dedicated forum to continue to pressure India to adopt TRIPS-plus IP measures, including repeal of section 3(d) of the India Patents Act, adoption of data exclusivity/monopolies, patent term extensions, and restrictions on the use of compulsory licenses," Professor Brook K Baker from the Northeastern University School of Law, said.
Agreeing on the need to foster innovation in a manner that promotes economic growth and job creation, US President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi, in a joint statement issued on Tuesday, committed to establish an annual high-level Intellectual Property (IP) Working Group with appropriate decision-making and technical-level meetings as part of the Trade Policy Forum.
Baker argued that there will be efforts to strengthen enforcement measures and investor rights including investor/ state dispute resolution.
"The US, in particular, will work to eliminate local working requirements that India is seeking to use to promote its own technological development," he said.
"The fact that this working group will have "decision-making" powers is particularly problematic as it places the US fox in the Indian chicken coop," he said.
According to a fact sheet issued by the White House after summit talks between PM Modi and Obama, as part of an ongoing commitment to strengthen engagement, both governments also agreed to establish a high-level working group on intellectual property under the TPF that will meet at the senior official and expert level to discuss the range of intellectual property issues of concern and interest to both sides.
"It is very clearly going to be used to pressure India to expand liberal grants of drug patents in India, and to block or restrain the use of compulsory licenses on drug patents," said Jamie Love, Director, Knowledge Ecology International, an NGO working on knowledge governance.
Baker said the US consistently advances higher intellectual property protections through its trade working groups and trade partnership groups.
"It is significant that this sentence is embedded in the section on economic growth and increasing foreign direct investment, as US IP industries and the USTR promote heightened intellectual property rights and strengthened enforcement mechanisms as being key to investor confidence and ultimately to innovation itself," he said.
(PTI)

PayPal unlikely to stay single for long after split from eBayE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Tabu hosts Haider screening for friendsentertainment
Tabu hosts ‘Haider’ screening for friends
Actress Tabu hosted a special screening of her new film, ‘Haider’ for some of her close friends and associates in the industry including Randeep hooda, Tusshar Kapoor and Rajkumar Santoshi. The actress looked lovely in an orange coloured Abu Sandeep churridar suit. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Bollywood hunk Randeep Hooda waves as he arrives. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Filmmaker Ken Ghosh looks somber. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Television actor Rajesh Khera was in a good mood. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Actor Tusshar Kapoor was all dressed up in a jacket and denims. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Scriptwriter Mushtaq Sheikh and director Anubhav Sinha get together for a picture. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Filmmaker Rajkumar Santoshi and his wife Manila were also present. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Amitabh Bachchan, who was seen in a floral print shawl over white kurta pyjama, tweeted: "Haider : a special film .. exceptional performances .. and such an intelligent adaptation .. !!" Seen here with Shraddha Kapoor.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Shahid Kapoor's mother Neelima Azim, who is rarely seen at any social event involving her son, made a rare appearance. She was seen with her other son Ishaan.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Big B has some piece of advise and Shraddha are engrossed in some serious discussion.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Aditi Rao Hydari was smart in black palazzos, white ruffle top. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Shahid Kapoor, who has been praised for his stellar performance in Haider, poses next to his poster. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Ashutosh Gowariker, who will soon begin work on his new film 'Mohenjodaro' with Hrithik Roshan, was seen with his wife Sunita. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Shahid with producer Mukesh Bhatt and his wife. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Imtiaz Ali is a 'Rockstar'. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Shahid Kapoor did not forget to call his 'R.. Rajkumar' director Prabhu Dheva. R.. Rajkumar, which opened to negative reviews, did really well at the box office thanks to its songs 'Gandi Baat' and 'Sari Ki Fall Sa'.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Remember him - 'I Hate Luv Storys' director Punit Malhotra was also seen at the screening.   (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Shahid Kapoor's half brother Ishaan is all smiles at the screening. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Shraddha with 'Vicky Donor' Ayushmann Khurranna. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Shraddha with Haider posters. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Tabu looked pretty in her red anarkali.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Pics; Unknown things about Mahatma Gandhion Sep 28, 2010 , 01:29 pm
23738 Views  |  3  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Ganghi ji wrote in his autobiography that as a boy he was so shy that he would run home from school because he could not bear to talk to anybody. http://gandhiworld.in/english/littleknownfacts.php#sthash.w1O30BRG.dpuf. Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images
Ganghi ji wrote in his autobiography that as a boy he was so shy that he would run home from school because he could not bear to talk to anybody. http://gandhiworld.in/english/littleknownfacts.php#sthash.w1O30BRG.dpuf. Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images

Asian Games 2014  Day 13: Double delight with men s hockey and women s relay gold3
2
Indian hockey gave the world a timely reminder on Thursday to not count them out yet as the men from the land of hockey beat Pakistan in nervy penalty shootout to win the Asian Games gold after 16 years. And minutes later the women's 4x400m relay team delivered the ninth gold that took India back into top 10 on the medals tally.
With a total of 55 medals, including 9 gold, 9 silver and 37 bronze, India now stand 9th in the overall medals tally.
It was a memorable day for Indian hockey, but the memories to cherish were delivered in an edge-of-the seat final against Pakistan, strictly not for the faint-hearted.
Indian men's hockey team posing with their gold medal. (AP Photo)
#asian games 2014 #asian games #satish kumar #boxing
After the re-designed regulation period of 60 min ended in a 1-1 deadlock, India went on to score in four of their five attempts in penalty shootout, where Pakistan could score just twice against India's star goalkeeper PR Sreejesh.
Mohammad Rizwan Sr scored for Pakistan just three minutes into the game and it remained so at the end of first quarter of 15 minutes. India came back through Kothajit Singh who scored the equaliser in the 26th min, as the teams went into half-time locked at 1-1.
The remaining two quarters failed to decide the winner, forcing the game into a panelty shootout. With this win, India also earned a direct qualification for the 2016 Rio Olympics. India had last won Asian Games gold in 1998, where they beat South Korea on penalties.
Meanwhile, India successfully defended their women's 4X400 metres relay title by clinching the second gold on Thursday. Priyanka Panwar, Tintu Luka, Mandeep Kaur and M Poovamma set a Games Record with a timing of 3 minutes and 28.68 seconds at the Incheon Asiad Main Stadium.
The Japanese team of Aoyama Seika, Matsumoto Nanako, Ichikawa Kana and Chiba Asami set a season's best time of 3:30.8 to take home the silver while China's Li Manyuan, Wang Huan, Chen Jingwen and Cheng Chong clinched the bronze (3:32.02).
Indian boxers ended their campaign at the 17th Asian Games with five medals as Vikash Krishan and Satish Kumar settled for bronze medals after losing their semi-final bouts against respective opponents.
However, India's performance graph deteriorated from the last edition in Guangzhou, where they won nine medals including two gold, three silver and four bronze.
This time it was gold from the legendary MC Mary Kom and four bronze medals won by L Sarita Devi, Pooja Rani, Vikas and Satish.
Vikas, a gold medallist in the last edition in Guangzhou, lost against current World Champion Zhanibek Alimkhanuly of Kazakhstan by split verdict of 2-1 in the middleweight (75 kg) category. Satish, on the otherhand was no match for 6-feet-9-inch Kazakh giant Ivan Dychko, who won with a clear 3-0 verdict in all the rounds.
India clinched it's last medal of the day through Inderjeet Singh, who won a bronze in the men's shot put final. Saudi Arabia's Sultan Abdulmajeed Alhebshi won the gold with a best throw of 19.99 metres while Chinese Taipei's Chang Ming Huang took the silver with 19.97m. Inderjeet's best attempt of 19.63m came on his fifth try out of six.
Overwhelming Asian Games kabaddi champions India are just one match away from retaining the titles in both men's and women's draw.
The men defeated South Korea 36-25 in the semi-final of on Thursday and made it to their seventh consecutive final. India will now face the 2010 Asiad silver medallists Iran, who beat Pakistan 25-14 in the second semi-final.
In women's kabaddi, defending champion India stayed on course for their second consecutive Asiad gold medal as they marched into the final, beating Thailand 41-28 in the semi-final. India women will now be facing Iran, who thrashed Bangladesh 40-15 in the other semi-final.
Indian women paddlers Manika Batra and Ankita Das lost their respective matches and were knocked out of the women's singles table tennis event.
Manika was blanked 0-4 (9-11, 6-11, 7-11, 8-11) in the pre-quarterfinal by Japan's Kasumi Ishikawa while Ankita was shown the door 2-4 (8-11, 5-11, 11-4, 7-11, 11-9, 4-11) in the second round by Hong Kong's NG Wing Nam.
India's taekwondo players had another bad day in office as none among the men and women in fray could make it to the medal rounds.
Saurav lost in the men's 63kg quarter-final to Afghanistan's Abasi Ahmad Roman's 4-5. In the round of 16, Saurav had beaten Sujan Joshi 8-5 at Ganghwa Dolmens Gymnasium. In the men's 68 kg, Shiv Kumar lost to Alasmari Ghazi Mushabbab of Saudi Arabia 7-11.
In the women's 62 kg event, Assam girl Rekha Ranee Gogoi was thrashed by Chia Chia Chuang of Chinese Taipei 0-15 in a quarter-final bout. India's Shreya Singh gave a tough fight before being pipped 6-7 by host nation's Wonjin Lee in the women's 67 kg event.
It turned out to be a mixed day for India in volleyball as the men's team defeated Thailand 3-1 in the 5th-8th place classification match after the women suffered a 0-3 reverse to Hong Kong to finish 8th in the competition.
1148

Sarita Devi showed lack of sportsmanshipBoxer Sarita Devi showed lack of sportsmanship, say organisers
By By Peter Rutherford | Reuters –  Thu 2 Oct, 2014
India's L. Sarita Devi cries after she refused her bronze medal during the medal …
By Peter Rutherford
INCHEON South Korea (Reuters) - Indian boxer L Sarita Devi's refusal to accept her bronze medal on the podium went against the values of sportsmanship, Asian Games organisers said on Thursday, adding they were reviewing the incident and could take action against her.
Sarita refused to wear the medal when it was presented on Wednesday, taking it only in her hand before trying to drape it over the South Korean fighter who had beaten her the previous day.
When the presentation was over, she left the medal behind, despite being told by the organisers to take it with her.
"She needs to respect the official ruling and show sportsmanship. Her actions were not sportsman-like," Son Cheon-taik, deputy secretary general of Incheon's organising committee (IAGOC), said at a news conference on Thursday.
"The Olympic Council of Asia (OCA) is working on the review of the medal, whether or not to give it to her or confiscate it. So they are deciding what to do with it."
Sarita had to settle for the bronze after losing her lightweight semi-final on Tuesday to local boxer Park Ji-na, who was declared a unanimous 3-0 winner.
But the result was disputed by India, who thought Sarita should have been declared the winner.
Her husband, Thoiba Singh, launched an expletive-laden tirade at the judges, according to Indian newspapers, before Sarita lodged a protest against the outcome, which was rejected, prompting more complaints from India.
"Although she was upset, she didn't lodge an official complaint, so there is no official investigation," said Son.
"However, if an athlete feels cheated, there needs to be an official letter to the judging committee, which I have begun working on. I have not yet sent this letter, so nothing is official."
'NO HOME ADVANTAGE'
After the incident, an International Boxing Association (AIBA) supervisor said the Indian team had not followed the proper rules regarding protests.
Her opponent, Park, said she did not quite know how to react on the podium.
"Devi hung her medal on me. I tried to give the medal back to her, but she didn't want to take it," she said. "I wasn't sure what to do, so someone told me to put that on the podium. I left the medal on the podium."
The AIBA is to issue a decision regarding disciplinary procedures immediately after the Games, which end on Saturday.
"At every Games you see claims being made against judging decisions," said Son.
"We wanted to make sure we didn't just claim to be fair but that we did our best to maintain the integrity of the Games.
"We introduced an academic programme and provided education and training to judges at the Games.
"We wanted to create an environment where those that are defeated accepted the result, and those that won could be graceful in victory.
"We tried to ensure there is no home advantage and we wanted to underline that this is an event for all Asians."
The decision sparked a backlash in India, where several newspapers featured a crying Sarita on the front page, claiming she had been "robbed in the ring" by "biased" judges.
"The fact that all the three judges gave it to the Korean clearly shows the result of the bout was decided before the start," India's Cuban coach Blas Iglesias Fernandez told the Times of India newspaper.
"You can understand if such a thing happens in a close bout but this was totally one-sided and this is a poor advertisement for boxing."
(Editing by Greg Stutchbury)

Dwayne Bravo propels CSK to 182/7Dwayne Bravo propels CSK to 182/7
PTI
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct 2:  
Dwayne Bravo hammered 67 off 39 balls to take Chennai Super Kings to 182 for seven against Kings XI Punjab in the second semi-final of the Champions League T20 here today.
Bravo got good support from Faf du Plessis (46 off 33) while Ravindra Jadeja (27 off 13) provided the late burst, propelling Chennai to an imposing total in the crunch match.
Parvinder Awana (4/30) and Akshar Patel (2/30) were the pick of the bowlers for Punjab.
Punjab had things under control for the first six overs after skipper George Bailey decided to put the opposition in.
Fast bowlers Anureet Singh and Parvinder Awana impressed with the new ball against a dangerous Chennai batting unit.
A quick incoming delivery rattled the stumps of Dwayne Smith (14) while his opening partner Brendon McCullum (6) played to rash shot to be caught at mid—wicket off Thisara Perera.
Suresh Raina (6) started his innings with a delightful drive through the cover before he pulled a sharp catch to Bailey at mid—on, leaving Punjab at 41 for three in six overs.
Chennai’s batting runs deep and Raina’s dismissal brought Bravo and and Du Plessis together at the crease.
The two explosive men hung around for sometime before setting up the foundation for a big score. Their 65—run stand off 46 balls comprised big hits and some cheeky play especially from du Plessis, who used the scoop shot to good effect.
Bravo was brutal against pace and spin alike. He got to his fifty by smashing Anureet over extra cover, taking Chennai past 130 with five overs to spare. He had luck on his side too as Punjab dropped him twice.
The West Indian continued to find the fence at will before wickets of Pawan Negi (8) and Mahendra Singh Dhoni (0) off successive balls put Chennai in a spot of bother.
Bravo finally departed in the 19th over after playing a whirlwind knock.
Thanks to the batting it possesses, Chennai eventually managed to post a challenging total. Ravindra Jadeja’s 27—run cameo of 13 balls proved handy towards the end.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

EM inflow forecast raised despite turmoilEM inflow forecast raised despite turmoil
By Elaine Moore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/59e14880-4a3f-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Separate body to boost defence exportsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Global stocks dip on ECB action  US rate debate ragesGlobal stocks slump as ECB disappoints, US rate debate rages
By Reuters | 2 Oct, 2014, 09.29PM IST
0
Share More
Wall Street opened slightly lower after a sharp sell-off the previous session but it was Europe that remained under fire, with stocks tumbling anew.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: World stocks were knocked hard on Thursday as signs of a strengthening US jobs market stirred concerns about US rate rises and the ECB failed to convince markets its actions would revive the euro zone's stuttering recovery.
Wall Street opened slightly lower after a sharp sell-off the previous session but it was Europe that remained under fire, with stocks tumbling anew after the European Central Bank's monthly meeting left markets feeling unsatisfied.
The bank's President Mario Draghi stressed again that it remained ready to use further unconventional policy tools if needed but there was little of substance to back it up and details of a new ABS and covered bond failed to suffice.
"I think judging by the price action in the euro/dollar rate in the run up to this meeting... the market was expecting Draghi to come with much stronger FX rate rhetoric which we never got," said Vasileios Gkionakis Global Head of FX Strategy for UniCredit.
The FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares extended losses as the ECB news conference came to a close and was down 1.3 per cent at 1,350 points, while bond yields rose and the euro gained against the dollar for the first time in 8 days.
Having been spooked by data on Wednesday that had shown German factory activity shrinking for the first time in 15 months, China's manufacturing sector barely growing and the United States slowing, plus the first US case of Ebola, investors had plenty to keep them cautious.
All that pushed MSCI's 45-country world stock index to a five-month low as a fourth day of back-to-back falls left it down more than 5 per cent in the last month.
Commodity markets were also flashing warning signs. Brent crude oil tumbled below $92 a barrel, extending a three-month losing stretch that has seen it plunge 20 per cent.
"This is a structural change in the oil market, with Saudi Arabia explicitly stating that they are willing to compete on price," said Bjarne Schieldrop, chief commodities analyst at SEB in Oslo.
"I think Brent will fall below $88 before we see the bottom of the market."
TRILLION EURO QUESTION
On top of all the geopolitical and growth concerns, markets are also struggling with the fact the Federal Reserve is about to end years of pumping billions of dollars of stimulus into the US and global economy each month.
Ahead of non-farm Payrolls on Friday there were further signs the US jobs market is improving as data showed the number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits unexpectedly fell last week.
Wall Street took it in its stride but there was little sign of the stock market rout coming to end in Europe.
Britain's FTSE, Germany's DAX and France's CAX saw 0.8-1.8 per cent falls while Italy, Spain and Portugal were down between 2 and 3 per cent. Draghi repeated that the ECB hopes its recently announced plans will add a trillion euros to its balance sheet, but poor demand for a new round of cheap loans last month is raising the pressure for it too be more aggressive.
Page 1 of 2

Why the Netflix deal with Adam Sandler mattersBy Stephanie Merry October 2 Follow @stephmerry
Big week for Netflix news: The subscription video service first announced that it’s partnering with Weinstein Company to release a sequel to “Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon,” the same time it’s in IMAX theaters. . . and then, that it will exclusively release four new Adam Sandler movies .
That’s right: The late ’90s king of the multiplex is turning his back on theaters.
This is big news. Just look at Drew Barrymore, left, with Adam Sandler in a scene from “Blended.” (Warner Bros. Pictures/AP)
We’ll just say it: For all the fanfare, the “Crouching Tiger” move is a head-scratcher, especially for Netflix’s first major film release. If the Oscar-winning original was jam-packed with the kind of spectacular effects best viewed on a big screen. Netflix is leaving that option open, but IMAX screens aren’t exactly ubiquitous. Why not simply start with, say, a silly comedy that’s just as enjoyable at home?
And that’s why the Adam Sandler announcement is so important both for movie-goers and for movie theater companies.
First a bit of back story: Large chains, such as AMC, Regal and Cinemark, have a three-month non-compete “theatrical window” on the movies they screen. That means those chains won’t allow video-on-demand releases, Netflix streaming or any kind of at-home viewing option until 90 days after the movie’s theatrical release. That’s why only smaller, independent movies — that typically screen at smaller, independent theaters — have been the first to experiment with simultaneous VOD releases.
Sandler’s oeuvre is not exactly the stuff of art house cinema: They’re goofy larks that typically get scathing reviews and serious Razzie Award consideration. But his fan base is large and dedicated, and his movies are almost always a sure financial bet. Netflix knows its data collection that Sandler’s movies are extremely popular among its customers.
When these movies go straight to Netflix, that will take a chunk of revenue away from movie exhibitors — as well as their upper hand. For AMC and Regal, it may be time to rethink the hard-and-fast theatrical window policy. And what that means for those companies is hard to say, although their vocal reactions speak to their fears.
Will the typical “dinner and a movie” date evolve into dinner and a streaming rental? Time will tell. In the meantime, the Sandler fans who have aged with the comedian will soon be able to see his movies on opening night without hiring a babysitter or dealing with chatty text-messaging strangers.
Washington-area native Stephanie Merry covers movies, theater and art for Weekend and the Going Out Guide. She’s also the section’s de facto expert on yoga, gluten-free dining and bicycle commuting.

Obama tells angry Hispanics he won t give up on immigration reformThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

HK protests may cost retailers HK$2bn: ANZAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Investors to face true test of courageOctober 1, 2014 6:43 pm
Investors to face true test of courage
By Michael Mackenzie
Start of fourth quarter of 2014 presents challenge with the Fed formally ending quantitative easing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b95d3680-4971-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Public donations save Wedgwood Collection© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/11624b2e-4a42-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Appeal to save Wedgwood collectionAppeal to save Wedgwood collection
By James Pickford
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bd160448-31af-11e4-b377-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Diary  AN Wilson© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1d41a028-43e1-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Asian Games 2014  Day 14  Live: Indian women beat Iran to win kabaddi gold  men favouriteDefending champion India beat Iran 30-21 to win kabaddi gold in women's category. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | Posted: October 3, 2014 8:19 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 5:42 pm
After India clinched two gold on Day 13 of the 17th Asian Games in Incheon, India’s women’s kabaddi team gave a golden start to the day by winning the gold medal by defeating Iran 30-21 in the final. Men favourite against Iran. Volleyball 5th-6th classification match vs Qatar.
Hearty congratulations to the women and men's kabaddi teams for winning gold medals at Asian Games 2014 #PresidentMukherjee
— President of India (@RashtrapatiBhvn) October 3, 2014
Volleyball: India stay calm to finish 5th in Asiad. They beat Qatar 3-2
As expected, India win kabaddi gold. But this was one medal we took for granted so far. Not anymore, though.
— Mihir Vasavda (@mihirsv) October 3, 2014
Volleyball: Qatar bounce back to tie 2-2. Not looking good for India
Volleyball: India lead Qatar 2-1 in 5th-6th classification match
Iran look the real deal. Can they upset India? pic.twitter.com/s2HPIOthtn
— Mihir Vasavda (@mihirsv) October 3, 2014
Taekwondo: Margarette Maria lost 1-15 to China’s Li Donghua in the 73kg quarterfinal
Taekwondo: Shaloo Raikwar loses her 73kg quarterfinal bout to Alfahad Abrar of Kuwait by ‘superiority’ after both finished at 3-3
GOLD NUMBER 11! After women, men stage remarkable comeback to win kabaddi GOLD against Iran. They win 27-25.
Kabaddi: With 7 minutes to go, India 23-24 Iran in the men’s final
Kabaddi: India bounce back to make it 21-21 with 15 minutes to go!
Kabaddi: Iran leading India 21-13 in the men’s final at half time
GOLD NUMBER 10! KABADDI IT IS!
Kabaddi: Defending champions Indian women win GOLD after defeating Iran 30-21 in the final!
Day 13 Recap
Hockey gold in 16 yrs, a direct ticket to Rio: India defeated Pakistan 4-2 on penalties to win gold after 16 years and qualified for the 2016 Rio Olympics
Crown stays with queens : Women’s 4x400m relay quartet break Games record on way to defending Guangzhou title
 

Asiad: Women s kabaddi team bags gold  beat ...Asian Games
(In today's match, the Indians…)
INCHEON: The Indian women's kabaddi team notched up its second successive gold medal at the Asian Games , beating Iran 31-21 in the summit clash here today.
India thus maintained their supremacy in women's kabaddi, which made its Asiad debut in the previous edition in Guangzhou.
In today's match, the Indians were slow off the blocks but clawed back with utmost ease showing just why they are considered the powerhouse of the sport.
Against the very determined Iranians, India led the first half 15-11 before completely dominating the second half to seal the issue.
The Indians managed get the entire opposition declared out twice in the match, which gave them four 'lona' points -- a feat that Iran failed to do even once.
In the end, India were too strong and technically sound for the Iranians to beat despite their determination.
Nonetheless, it was an improvement for Iran on the podium as they had won a bronze in the previous edition.
Later Indian captain Tejaswini Bai said her team members were expecting a tough final against Iran after they saw the latter perform in the earlier stages.
"We knew we might face them in the final. They are a very aggressive side and we wanted to keep a big lead right through. We succeeded in our gameplan," said Tejaswini.
"We had a good combination of seniors and juniors and had trained well. But women's kabaddi is growing in standard and we had to fight harder than what we did in Guangzhou," she added.
India's coach Edachery Baskaran praised Iran and said "they are a very good team."
"But our team was well prepared for their aggression. We succeeded in our strategy. In offence Tejaswini and Mamatha, both Arjuna awardees, played very well and in defense Priyanka and Kishori Shinde caught the eye," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Retailers selling phones cheaper online than...Electronics retail chains like The Mobile Store and UniverCell are selling some phones cheaper online than store price
Writankar Mukherjee, ET Bureau Oct 3, 2014, 05.56AM IST
Tags:
Electronics retail chains
( Chains such as The Mobile…)
KOLKATA: If you can't beat them, join them. India's top brick-and mortar electronics retail chains , which have stoutly resisted giving discounts in their online ventures, have seen their resolve crumble and have had to change tack, in some instances matching prices with the big three e-commerce marketplaces — Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal.
According to top industry executives, chains such as The Mobile Store , UniverCell and Sangeetha Mobiles, have started to offer devices online at prices that are up to 7% lower for some models than what's on the sticker at real-world stores.
Some like Croma have been partnering with Amazon and Snapdeal, where products are offered at a discount. For instance, while a 16GB iPhone 5s sells at Rs 44,500 in retail chains, it's available on Amazon from Croma at Rs 38,999. The Nokia Lumia 520 is sold at UniverCell's own e-store at Rs 6,499,lower even than the Flipkart price of Rs 6,999.
The BlackBerry Z3 sells for Rs 15,200 at offline stores while on the The MobileStore's estore it costs Rs 14,595, matching the price on Flipkart. The discounts available at ecommerce sites are driven by the online marketplaces themselves by way of reducing their own margins, said Ajit Joshi, managing director and CEO of Infiniti Retail, the holding company of the Croma chain. "
"While we always strive to have the same promotions on our e-commerce site and stores, we do customise a few products and offer to make them more relevant for online, based on the purchase pattern of our customers," Joshi said. UniverCell Telecommunications founder D Sathish Babu said the retailer plans to offer the best online price on some specific models.
"This strategy will help to acquire and retain customers, since customers who go online invariably look for the best price and discounting," said Babu. At the same time, four of South India's top cellphone retail hains — UniverCell, Sangeetha Mobile, Poorvika Mobiles and Big C Mobiles — which together run more than 1,200 stores have teamed up to negotiate with cellphone brands to launch exclusive models such as the Google One handsets and Samsung's Galaxy S5 Mini that are only available online.
"We have together approached brands like Samsung and Micromax to launch exclusive models for us. Since the business in the store and walk-ins have come down, we have to develop our online business or be left brooding about it later," said Sangeetha Mobiles managing director Subhash Chandra.
"In a way, it's a Catch-22 situation. Either we are left out or we too join the e-commerce bandwagon," Chandra said. Last month, the Sangeetha Mobiles online venture Shopno47. com and Viveks Retail announced partnerships with eBay India. More such deals are in the pipeline, industry officials said.
A senior executive with a retail chain said that while brickand-mortar retailers were not making much profit and even selling at breakeven prices online, they earn money by picking up more inventory from the brands where the margins are 2-4% more.
"Our online prices may not always be the lowest, but still the gap is getting bridged since there is no point losing business," the executive said.
"The brands sometimes make an issue about such discounting, but we show them how such low pricing is the market-operating price in online portals," the executive said. Electronics retailers were the first to flag the issue of online discounting and have been in talks with manufacturers since last year to offer higher margins to sell at such prices in their physical and online stores. While most manufacturers have declined to offer extra margins, some of the newer, struggling brands are open to such deals on certain models. However, brands such as Samsung have taken a strong stand and started to curb supplies to sellers who are not maintaining company pricing.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Swachh Bharat: India Inc pledges support | CoverageThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Indian women defend Asian Games kabaddi title  beat Iran to wingoldThe Indian team was given a massive scare by Iran, who had finished runners-up in the 2010 edition as well. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Incheon | Posted: October 3, 2014 8:59 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 2:17 pm
India’s unhindered supremacy in the Asian Games’ kabaddi competition continued after both the men’s and women’s teams successfully defended their respective gold medals with hard-fought final triumphs over Iran here today.
Staging a fantastic second-half recovery, Indian men surged to their seventh straight gold by defeating Iran 27-25 in a thrilling final at the Songdo University Gymnasium.
India thus completed a golden double on the kabaddi mat for the second successive edition after the women defeated the same nation 31-21 in their final held earlier in the day.
The country thus boosted its overall gold tally to 11 on the final day of competitions here.
But it was touch and go for the Indian men, who have won the gold medal with ease on the six previous occasions since kabaddi was introduced in the 1990 Games at Beijing. They played catch-up with Iran for most part of the game before drawing level with the last seven minutes of the 40-minute match left.
The winners were trailing by a big margin of 13-21 at half time and a huge upset was on the cards before the defending champions pulled it around in the second half with some aggressive raiding and smart catching.
Captain Rakesh Kumar, who played with a bandaged head after getting injured by a rival defender’s knee during his raid in the second half, said after the game, “By god’s grace we won. It was tougher than we expected. Iran is a good team, but we made some mistakes initially and fell behind before recovering.”
Rakesh also said at half time, the strategy chalked out was to pack off Iran quickly for a ‘lona’ — with only four players of the rivals left as compared to their own five — at that stage and come back into the game.
“That’s what we did. Had we fallen even further behind then, it would have been curtains,” he conceded.
India started on the wrong foot against the super-fit Iranians who looked like men possessed as they raided with gusto and defended with zeal to jump to a 17-7 lead before the Indians, who even conceded a ‘lona’ (after being all out), knew what happened.
Experienced raider Jasvir Singh appeared to be a bit overconfident and paid the penalty for that as he was packedoff when raiding thrice in the initial stages.
It was left to India’s most experienced player Anup Kumar to pull in three points with a good raid and narrow the lead.
With five minutes left for the end of the opening half, India trailed 11-18 which became 13-21 before the first half ended.
The crucial turnaround happened soon after the start of the second half when India secured a ‘lona’ and then caught up with their rivals at 21-all.
They, however, slipped down to 21-24 before staging another recovery to catch up at 24-all when seven minutes were left.
Anup raided to secure a valuable point continued…
Against the very determined Iranians, India led the first half 15-11 before completely dominating the second half to seal the issue

Kolkata puja organizers join the chorus for saving ecologyOct 03, 2014 at 08:33am IST
Kolkata puja organizers join the chorus for saving ecology
9
0
Kolkata: Ecology is the dominant theme with the top notch puja organizers this time in the city, which is famed for turning the festival into a veritable art exposition.
Organisers of Dumdum Park Sarbojonin, which has won several awards in the past, seeks to turn the visitors' gaze to the plunder of nature and the tribals.
"We have sought to portray the plunder of our resources through motifs. We have also tried to show and how aghast the Goddess is at this," Atanu Maity, spokesman for the organisers said.
Concern for a green earth is the theme in BH block puja of Salt Lake, which portrays growth and fertility.
#kolkata #durga puja #ecology #kolkata durga puja
The pandal itself has a bright round dome placed above the sanctum sanctorum denoting life. Birds are seen flying out from cages around the brilliantly crafted terracotta statues of santhal women placed amidst forest greenery.
There are efforts to showcase the local art forms - the clay horses of Bankura, the dokra elephants and models of 'goyna bori', a papad-like eatable made of lentil in the shape of ornate jewellery (goyna in Bengali) from East Midnapore.
The puja at Bhawanipur 75 Pally, which is celebrating its golden jubilee, the theme is motherland and the soil of all the 19 districts of West Bengal was used to build the wall of a makeshift temple.
"The terracota artefacts portraying the dokra artisans of Bankura and the mango orchard workers of Malda are about the profession of people from the grassroots," Kartik Banerjee said on behalf of the puja committee.
Concern for a green earth is the theme in BH block puja of Salt Lake, which portrays growth and fertility.
"In Indian culture green symbolizes our relation to soil, plants and life besides properity as symbolised in our national flag," Arindam Basu said on behalf of the organizers.
9

Express 5: Al-Qaeda chief may be of Indian origin  India wins gold in Hockey inAsiadWe recommend you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 9:33 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 9:40 am
We recommend you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
1. New Al-Qaeda chief may be of Indian origin
India’s intelligence agencies have begun investigating information that the head of al-Qaeda’s new unit in the subcontinent is a former Uttar Pradesh resident
Read: Al-Qaeda chief in region may be of Indian origin: Intel agencies
2. Sixteen years jinx ends
India beat Pakistan 4-2 in the shoot-off — scores were 1-1 at the end of full time — at the Asian Games final here to win their first major hockey gold since 1998 in Bangkok — also the Asiad.
Read: India see off Pakistan in Asian Games hockey gold match, book ticket to Rio
3. An ‘invalid’ wedding
The police in Madhya Pradesh have declared a marriage between a Christian man and a Hindu woman invalid.
Read: Protests in MP after Christian weds Hindu, police declare marriage ‘invalid’
4. Opinion
There is a deep anachronism at the heart of India’s Northeast policy: the continuing reliance on archaic colonial-era institutions.
Read: Dividing line
5. Bollywood to poll-wood
Yo Yo Honey Singh, the controversial rapper, has been roped in by the party to campaign for it in the upcoming Assembly elections.

Jet cuts fares by 25 to 50% on domestic  intl flightsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Tough call for weak PSBs to raise equity: FitchThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Tatkal tickets to cost more starting todayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Indian women defend Asian Games kabaddi title  beat Iran to win goldThe Indian team was given a massive scare by Iran, who had finished runners-up in the 2010 edition as well. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Incheon | Posted: October 3, 2014 8:59 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 2:17 pm
India’s unhindered supremacy in the Asian Games’ kabaddi competition continued after both the men’s and women’s teams successfully defended their respective gold medals with hard-fought final triumphs over Iran here today.
Staging a fantastic second-half recovery, Indian men surged to their seventh straight gold by defeating Iran 27-25 in a thrilling final at the Songdo University Gymnasium.
India thus completed a golden double on the kabaddi mat for the second successive edition after the women defeated the same nation 31-21 in their final held earlier in the day.
The country thus boosted its overall gold tally to 11 on the final day of competitions here.
But it was touch and go for the Indian men, who have won the gold medal with ease on the six previous occasions since kabaddi was introduced in the 1990 Games at Beijing. They played catch-up with Iran for most part of the game before drawing level with the last seven minutes of the 40-minute match left.
The winners were trailing by a big margin of 13-21 at half time and a huge upset was on the cards before the defending champions pulled it around in the second half with some aggressive raiding and smart catching.
Captain Rakesh Kumar, who played with a bandaged head after getting injured by a rival defender’s knee during his raid in the second half, said after the game, “By god’s grace we won. It was tougher than we expected. Iran is a good team, but we made some mistakes initially and fell behind before recovering.”
Rakesh also said at half time, the strategy chalked out was to pack off Iran quickly for a ‘lona’ — with only four players of the rivals left as compared to their own five — at that stage and come back into the game.
“That’s what we did. Had we fallen even further behind then, it would have been curtains,” he conceded.
India started on the wrong foot against the super-fit Iranians who looked like men possessed as they raided with gusto and defended with zeal to jump to a 17-7 lead before the Indians, who even conceded a ‘lona’ (after being all out), knew what happened.
Experienced raider Jasvir Singh appeared to be a bit overconfident and paid the penalty for that as he was packedoff when raiding thrice in the initial stages.
It was left to India’s most experienced player Anup Kumar to pull in three points with a good raid and narrow the lead.
With five minutes left for the end of the opening half, India trailed 11-18 which became 13-21 before the first half ended.
The crucial turnaround happened soon after the start of the second half when India secured a ‘lona’ and then caught up with their rivals at 21-all.
They, however, slipped down to 21-24 before staging another recovery to catch up at 24-all when seven minutes were left.
Anup raided to secure a valuable point continued…
Against the very determined Iranians, India led the first half 15-11 before completely dominating the second half to seal the issue

Durga Puja with global panorama in PatnaOct 03, 2014 at 09:29am IST
Durga Puja with global panorama in Patna
11
0
Patna: Want to take an inexpensive trip around the world! Just land in Patna and leave the rest to over 1,200 Durga Puja 'pandals' with dazzling decorations put up across the length and breadth of the city.
They will fulfill your wishes of visiting the White House just like Prime Minister Narendra Modi, or seeing the fabulous Royal Palace of Madrid, Spain.
One could go to pandals designed as Buddhist pagodas or famous temples scattered across India.
The architecture of Bodh Gaya's Thai Temple is reflected at the Durga pandal made at the busy Boring Road crossing.
#durga puja #patna #narendra modi #pandal
Already these have opened their gates for the devotees and visitors from different parts of Bihar, who hare making a beeline to the pandals after they threw open the gates for the 'darshan' or worship of Goddess Durga on the occasion of 'Saptmi' (Seventh day) of 'Navaratra'.
It is too early to say which is attracting more crowd the splendid 70-feet-high White House erected in Khajpura locality or the 85-feet-high Madrid Royal Palace a little farther at Rukanpura in western part of the city, but the visitors are loving it.
Both the pandals have been designed by artists hired from West Bengal. The decorations were also brought from Kolkata.
"These pandals are like exact replicas of the famous monuments. I don't know when I will visit US or Spain, but these have certainly succeeded in quenching my curiosity to some extent. They have made Durga Puja special this time," said Anamika Singh, a student and a self-proclaimed 'pandal hopper'.
Coming back to the local ones, Dak Bungalow Chowraha, right in the heart of the city is hosting 90 feet tall pandal depicting the 12th century Mahadev Temple at Itagi in Karnataka. The venue and the road leading to it is awash with glittering LED lights.
President of the Durga Puja Samiti at Dak Bungalow Chowraha, Sanjiv Prasad Toni said 11,000 pieces of semi-precious stones, mosaics, glass decorations and designs made of 'Shankha pola' (conch shell material) have been brought from Bangladesh to adorn the pandal.
The architecture of Bodh Gaya's Thai Temple is reflected at the Durga pandal made at the busy Boring Road crossing. Apart from the Goddess, it is especially showing Ganesha and Kartikeya battling various demons. The roadside decorations are depicting mythological scenes.
Apart from the above ones there are pandals designed on Kolkata's Victoria Memorial and Dakshineshwar Temple, Patna's own Takht Sri Harimandir Sahib, Jodhpur's Jaswant Thada Temple, Mumbai's Taj Hotel, Gujarat's Somnath Temple and several others.
You will be spoilt for choice in the state capital of Bihar, and you can definitely take a global tour this Durga Puja till you drop.
34

Six injured in Pakistan firing in Jammu and KashmirOct 03, 2014 at 09:18am IST
Six injured in Pakistan firing in Jammu and Kashmir
8
0
Jammu: At least six people were injured after Pakistan opened fire on Indian positions on the line of control (LoC) in Jammu and Kashmir's Poonch district, government sources said on Friday.
"Six civilians sustained injuries after the Pakistan Army resorted to unprovoked firing at Indian positions on the LoC in Poonch district on Thursday," a senior administration official said.
The Pakistan Army used mortar shells to target Indian positions. Six houses were also damaged in the firing, state government sources said.
Six people were injured after Pakistan opened fire on Indian positions on the line of control (LoC) in Jammu and Kashmir's Poonch district.
#line of control #firing #pakistan #jammu and kashmir
Of the six injured, two with serious splinter injuries were referred for specialised treatment in the Poonch district hospital.
Army spokesperson Colonel Manish Mehta confirmed the ceasefire violation by the Pakistan Army and said that small arms and automatic weapons were used in the firing.
"Our troops retaliated with same calibre weapons," the spokesperson said.
0

Ebola: aid stepped upThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Taste of Middle East: How to make Falafel in seven easystepsFalafel (Source: Ashima Goyal Siraj)
Written by Ashima Goyal Siraj , Edited by Parmita Uniyal | Angola | Posted: October 3, 2014 10:34 am
All you deep-fried snack lovers out there, we bring to you the yummiest street food of Middle East primarily made from chickpeas. We recommend, you try this crispy, tasty and healthy recipe as soon as you get into your kitchen.
Falafel
1 inch pice of ginger
1 tbsp all purpose flour
1 tsp salt (or to taste)
1/2 tsp red chilli powder
1 tsp coriander powder
3-4 green coriander pods, powdered
Oil for frying
Method
• Soak chickpeas in water for 6-8 hours (better overnight). You can also use canned chickpeas if there is not enough to soak. In case of using canned chickpeas, drain and wash them well before use.
• Drain the chickpeas and put it in a mixer/ food processor. Add onions, green chillies, coriander, ginger and garlic.
• Pulse to a coarse mixture. Now add all the spices and flour and process again. You will need to churn and scrape the mixture from sides in between. If its difficult you can add some water to it but keep water to very very minimum. I added like one tablespoon of water to my mix.
• Remove the mixture into a bowl. Mix it with a fork and remove any big pieces of chickpeas that the processor might have missed.
• Heat oil in a skillet and drop spoonfuls of falafel batter. Fry the falafels until golden brown.
• Remove on a kitchen towel or paper tissue.
• Serve hot with hummus or tahini sauce or add them into veggie pita pockets.
Check out the Step-by-Step recipe here:
Ingredients  (Source: Ashima Goyal Siraj)
Soak chickpeas in water for 6-8 hours (better overnight). You can also use canned chickpeas if there is not enough to soak. In case of using canned chickpeas, drain and wash them well before use.  (Source: Ashima Goyal Siraj)
Drain the chickpeas and put it in a mixer/ food processor. Add onions, green chillies, coriander, ginger and garlic.   (Source: Ashima Goyal Siraj)
Pulse to a coarse mixture. Now add all the spices and flour and process again. You will need to churn and scrape the mixture from sides in between. If its difficult you can add some water to it but keep water to very very minimum. I added like one tablespoon of water to my mix.  (Source: Ashima Goyal Siraj)
Remove the mixture into a bowl. Mix it with a fork and remove any big pieces of chickpeas that the processor might have missed.  (Source: Ashima Goyal Siraj)
Heat oil in a skillet and drop spoonfuls of falafel batter. Fry the falafels until golden brown.  (Source: Ashima Goyal Siraj)
Remove on a kitchen towel or paper tissue.  (Source: Ashima Goyal Siraj)
Serve hot with hummus or tahini sauce or add them into veggie pita pockets.  (Source: Ashima Goyal Siraj)

Turned away by former friends  Satej Patil banks on goodworkTurned away by former friends, Satej Patil banks on ‘good work’
Written by Nisha Nambiar | Pune |       October 3, 2014 10:30 am
Comments
Battling anti-incumbency and a party rebel who is now the BJP’s candidate and his main opponent, hope for Congress’s Kolhapur South Assembly nominee, Satej Patil, comes in the face of former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan who is the only leader tasked with pulling crowds for him in the run-up to the state elections.
But the Congress’ sitting MLA and a former minister of state, Patil, and his supporters, believe the “huge amount of work done in the last ten years and the complete utilisation of the Local Area Development fund for various public amenities” should also stand the leader in good stead.
At the tight end of things, however, stands Amal Mahadik, BJP’s recent acquisition from Congress and a leader who will find in Prime Minister Narendra Modi a formidable figure campaigning for him.
“With Modi set to hold a rally in Kolhapur, we believe BJP will definitely make a dent in the Congress’ bastion,” a BJP leader said, adding though Amal is a first-time nominee, his strong network in rural areas through Gokul milk dairy and his support from Zilla Parishad will help him considerably.
But with the recent parting of ways by both NCP-Congress and BJP-Shiv Sena coalition, Kolhapur South, too, just like other Assembly seats in the state, has become a free-for-all, making things more difficult for Patil and others.
Contesting for this seat third time in a row, Patil and his party workers had “expected” a significant show-up in the poll campaign from NCP’s sitting MP Dhananjay Mahadik, whom Patil had extensively supported in the Lok Sabha elections earlier this year, putting aside their earlier feud and defying his supporters who were against his decision to help Dhananjay, who, interestingly, is Amal’s cousin.
But with the recent split in alliances seemingly drawing the battle lines again and with Dhananjay not showing any signs of helping out Patil in the elections, the Congress has fallen back on its only reliable face, Chavan, and another party leader, Narayan Rane, to pull the crowds. Though the NCP has not fielded any candidate from Kolhapur South, Congress believes family relations will definitely play an upper hand (in Dhananjay’s decision on whether to support Patil or not), which leaves their leader to fight the battle on his own.
As for Amal, whose father Mahadev Mahadik (Congress MLC) has not openly extended support to his son but maintained he was “an individual on his own and free to take his decisions”, the campaign rests largely on the “Modi wave” and his desire to be “part of a change and overall development in the area.”

Australia authorises special forces troops to go toIraqAustralian PM Tony Abbott said that Islamic State is a genuine threat to Australia.
Reuters | Sydney | Posted: October 3, 2014 9:48 am
Australian special forces troops will be deployed in Iraq to assist in the fight against Islamic State militants, Prime Minister Tony Abbott said on Friday, and its aircraft will also join U.S.-led coalition strikes.
Abbott said in a nationally televised news conference the Australian troops would be engaged in an “advise and assist” capacity to support the Iraqi army in their battle against the militant Islamist group.
The United States has been bombing Islamic State and other groups in Syria for almost two weeks with the help of Arab allies, and hitting targets in neighbouring Iraq since August.
European countries have joined the campaign in Iraq but not in Syria.
Last month, Abbott sent aircraft and 600 personnel to the United Arab Emirates in preparation for joining the coalition. He has since said it was likely Australian aircraft would join the strikes to combat Islamic State, which he described as a “murderous death cult”.
While the involvement of Australian aircraft had been flagged, the use of Australian troops on the ground in Iraq was not as widely anticipated.
“Today, cabinet has authorised Australian air strikes in Iraq at the request of the Iraqi Government and in support of the Iraqi government,” Abbott said.
“Also, subject to final legal documentation, cabinet has authorised the deployment of Australian special forces into Iraq to advise and assist Iraqi forces.”
So far Australian aircraft have been limited to humanitarian aid and delivering arms to Iraqi government-backed forces.
Australia is on high alert for attacks by radicalised Muslims or by home-grown militants returning from fighting in the Middle East, having raised its threat level to high and undertaken a series of high-profile raids in major cities.
Officials believe up to 160 Australians have been either involved in fighting in the Middle East or actively supporting groups fighting there. At least 20 are believed to have returned to Australia and have been said to pose a security risk.
One man was charged on Tuesday with funding a terrorist organisation, while another was arrested last month after police said they had thwarted a plot to behead a randomly selected member of the public.
Prominent Australian Muslims say their community is being unfairly targeted by law enforcement and threatened by right-wing groups, and there are concerns that policies aimed at combating radical Islamists could create a backlash.
Abbott said Islamic State poses a grave threat to both Australia and the wider world and that Canberra could not afford to shirk its responsibility to contribute militarily to “degrading” the group’s capabilities.
“The Americans certainly have quite a substantial special forces component on the ground already,” he said.
“My understanding is that there are U.K. and Canadian special forces already inside Iraq, so we’ll be operating on a much smaller scale but in an entirely comparable way to the United States special forces.”
The Australian contingent continued…

Asian Games 2014  Day 14  Live: Twin win! India bag gold in men  womencategoryDefending champion India beat Iran 30-21 to win kabaddi gold in women's category. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | Posted: October 3, 2014 8:19 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 5:42 pm
After India clinched two gold on Day 13 of the 17th Asian Games in Incheon, India’s women’s kabaddi team gave a golden start to the day by winning the gold medal by defeating Iran 30-21 in the final. Men favourite against Iran. Volleyball 5th-6th classification match vs Qatar.
Hearty congratulations to the women and men's kabaddi teams for winning gold medals at Asian Games 2014 #PresidentMukherjee
— President of India (@RashtrapatiBhvn) October 3, 2014
Volleyball: India stay calm to finish 5th in Asiad. They beat Qatar 3-2
As expected, India win kabaddi gold. But this was one medal we took for granted so far. Not anymore, though.
— Mihir Vasavda (@mihirsv) October 3, 2014
Volleyball: Qatar bounce back to tie 2-2. Not looking good for India
Volleyball: India lead Qatar 2-1 in 5th-6th classification match
Iran look the real deal. Can they upset India? pic.twitter.com/s2HPIOthtn
— Mihir Vasavda (@mihirsv) October 3, 2014
Taekwondo: Margarette Maria lost 1-15 to China’s Li Donghua in the 73kg quarterfinal
Taekwondo: Shaloo Raikwar loses her 73kg quarterfinal bout to Alfahad Abrar of Kuwait by ‘superiority’ after both finished at 3-3
GOLD NUMBER 11! After women, men stage remarkable comeback to win kabaddi GOLD against Iran. They win 27-25.
Kabaddi: With 7 minutes to go, India 23-24 Iran in the men’s final
Kabaddi: India bounce back to make it 21-21 with 15 minutes to go!
Kabaddi: Iran leading India 21-13 in the men’s final at half time
GOLD NUMBER 10! KABADDI IT IS!
Kabaddi: Defending champions Indian women win GOLD after defeating Iran 30-21 in the final!
Day 13 Recap
Hockey gold in 16 yrs, a direct ticket to Rio: India defeated Pakistan 4-2 on penalties to win gold after 16 years and qualified for the 2016 Rio Olympics
Crown stays with queens : Women’s 4x400m relay quartet break Games record on way to defending Guangzhou title
 

Visually-challenged student gets gold medalsUpdated: October 3, 2014 10:53 IST
Visually-challenged student gets gold medals
Special Correspondent
Tweet
The Hindu Students at the 16th convocation of the University of Hyderabad at the Brahmakumaris Auditorium in Hyderabad on Wednesday. Photo: Nagara Gopal
A visually-challenged student Pavithra Molugu was awarded two gold medals, while 1,452 students were conferred with degrees at the 16 Convocation of the University of Hyderabad held on Wednesday.
Pavitra, a student of MA (History) won two medals - Andhra Bank Medal and AP History Congress Medal given for the women toppers. Her achievement was applauded by the packed audience while she received the medals from Governor E.S.L. Narsimhan.
The convocation conferred degrees on 1,452 students out of which 206 are from Integrated PG courses, 723 from PG courses, 176 from M.Phil., 164 from M.Tech and 183 from Ph.D.
Five faculty members of the University were presented the Chancellor’s Awards in recognition of their overall contribution to the university in various spheres that include research, teaching and mentoring of students. The award consisting of a certificate and Rs. 1 lakh was presented by the Chancellor of UoH, Ch. Hanumantha Rao to R. Mrinal Kanti Bhattacharyya (Biochemistry), S. Rajagopal (Plant Sciences), G. Vaitheeswaran (ACRHEM), Suvashisa Rana (Health Psychology) and D.B. Ramachary (Chemistry).
Six eminent personalities were conferred with the honorary doctorate at the Convocation, including Dr. Palle Rama Rao, Dr. M.S. Valiathan and Prof. M.S. Raghunathan. Dr. Kapila Vatsyayan and Gulzar also conferred in absentia. The award to Zohra Sehgal was received by her daughter Kiran Sehgal.
Prof. Mrinal Miri, Chairman of the Indian Council of Philosophical Research (ICPR) delivered the Convocation address.
Vice-Chancellor Ramakrishna Ramasway and Registrar I. Ramabrahmam were among present.

News roundup | Global markets fall on weak China data  Hong Kong unrestThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Google to launch mobile chat app: reportThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Machine Condition Monitoring Market Projected to Reach $2.50 Billion by 2020 - MarketsandMarketsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

What about the land bank acquired by ramalingam raju by manipulating s...Platinum Member
1304 Followers
I don`t like their growth rate of moving from 3 billion to 5 billion in 2017 in 4 years.
If that is the case, AM should have eased them out of TML,yesterday and not tomorrow. If they cant deliver, they need to be replaced immediately.It has already been 4 years since take over of SATYAM and for all except legal purposes they have already been operating as one company.Guidance or misguidance whatever U may call it, if 2nd qrtr numbers don`t confirm that they R hitting spectacular growth levels and getting closer to 5 billion  by Dec 2015, they need to be replaced immediately.
Let us see what 2nd qrtr. numbers confirm.

I dont get irritated. why should i take revenge. i am not a revenge ...Platinum Member
35 Followers
I dont get irritated.  Why should I take revenge.  I am not a revenge person.  I was just telling you that this board was meant for V2 and u can post ur msg on the respective board.  I sincerely wish you the best. God bless you. Regards, Fundoobull1
10.56 AM Oct 3rd

Continue..ramp up of prod 2x by june2015 n 3x by mar2016. so conservat...Silver Member
27 Followers
continue..Ramp up of prod 2x by June2015 n 3x by Mar2016. So conservative est cud be anywhere 4-6 lack barrels per yr, n who knows 1 million barrels in 3-4yrs.Selan shud be no brainer invstmt Idea.
10.56 AM Oct 3rd

Dear gsk ji i had clearly said suzlon is a buy at 15 thats a fair val...Platinum Member
433 Followers
dear gsk ji i had clearly said suzlon is a buy at 15 thats a  fair value for the stock but looking at the lc with heavy volumes the punters were determined to crush the small investors ...n we saw the levels of 12/13 which turned into an entry for traders like mee n for mee 18 is level to sell so i will follow my technicals ...if thers some strong news on the positive front at 18 levels then only we will see the breakout above 19.5 else play this range of 11.2-18.2 .....again buy on dips ...make money smartly always book profits when punters are active else u will be doomed play smart ....suzlon wont go below 10

36 Rules Every Entrepreneur Must Knowreddit
1. It's all a lie.
The idea that you have to be or do or have anything in particular in order to create your success is nothing but BS. YOU get to decide what's important. Yes you are also the one who has to screw up when you choose something that doesn't work out but better to do so on your terms and by figuring things out your way.
2. You can't avoid the screw-ups.
You're going to fail. You're going to fail again. You're going to fail again and again and AGAIN. Can't handle that? Don't get into business.
3. There is no solution.
Stop looking for it. There's no point at which you will become a complete and perfect human and be able to ascend into the heavens in order to lead the rest of us. The solution is to embody the daily actions that allow you to BE the you who you want to be. Based on the ACTIONS yeah? Not the outcome. Okay so I said there wasn't a solution and there is. But definitely it's not the one you thought.
4. You have to be ruthless.
Entrepreneurialism is tough, but often not so much for the reasons you thought (such as figuring out how to make money) but instead because it will consume every fiber of your being and eat you alive if you allow it. Business doesn't care about your family. Your health. Your sleep. The holidays. Business cares about nothing but itself and if you allow it? It will make you do the same. Whether or not that's an issue is up to you, but be aware that if you want to foster a relationship with your own kids and partner let alone anybody else it's going to take some serious boundary setting. Because the reality is...
5. The list will never run out.
I don't care how many hours you work, how much you do there will always be more. You will never feel complete. If you can choose to be okay with that and accept it, you can make it as a HAPPY entrepreneur. If you can't, you can't.
6. Nobody cares about your big dream but you.
You will be pushed and pulled in a million directions and the way to make sure you make progress on the stuff that matters to YOU is simply to make it a must. Do your stuff first. Ignore everything else. Be okay with coming across as rude, disorganized, unprofessional, whatever if in doing so it allows you to put YOU first and to prioritize what's truly important (and often the real reason you got into business in the first place).
7. Never stop creating.
You're never done. There is always something more to serve your customers with and to grow your brand with and ultimately to feed your soul with. And that last part is what it's really about. Yes, you might have a signature program or product that you want to be known for but even then there will be peripheral stuff you can do -- will want to do. I'm not just talking about paid stuff. Creation is communication as well and communication is the heart and soul of growing a business of loyal and raving fans. Speaking of which...
8. Become a cult.
Don't churn out mindless lists of how-tos that are simply educational. Nobody is interested in learning from you if they're not also being inspired, transformed by you. It's not what you have to teach, it's your unique slant on that thing that people really want to listen to. Give the people what they want! And you'll never have an issue with growing your list OR selling your stuff.
9. You have to get over your stuff around sales.
Selling something you are PROUD of? That you know gets results? If so, then why would you even consider having an issue about asking for money for it? Honor your value and your worth! Of course if you're not proud of your stuff - don't sell it!
10. Your clients want to be led.
They want you to tell them what to do, to show them the way. Yes they want inspiration and motivation but they also want to be told - 'this is what you need'. 'This is why'. 'Here is how to do it'. 'Here is where to start'. Bring your voice and your message to what you do but don't forget to actually provide a solution for people as well. Even though there is no solution :)
11. What is going to make you money today?
There are a ton of things you could, should be doing. Do your first things first, meaning the stuff that makes YOU come alive. But after that - what is going to make you money? What is going to grow your business today? Do that. Ignore the rest until the end of your workday. Give it 20 minutes, as it's not worth more than that. Are you really telling me your busy work and notification/email checking is worth more than the time you spend playing with your kids or being still and just being you each day? No. It's not.
12. Most things you think will make you money, won't.
Most stuff fails. That's simply how it works. That person with the million dollar idea? Do you really think they just woke up with it, did it, and it worked? Of course not! To succeed as an entrepreneur you need to be the duck that appears to be doing nothing and then suddenly arrives on the other side. When all the while you were churning your little legs (do ducks have legs? you know what I mean :)) under the surface almost frantically, wondering if it would ever pay off. And then it does.
13. Tear up your business plan.
Better still, save time and don't write it. Everything changes too quickly. Don't plan more than a month ahead. Even then, don't plan down to detail. Instead, simply write down what you want from the month (financially and in other areas). Write down some ways to get it. And then move on. Never ever look back because the actions you thought you needed to take are not at all true and if they are? You'll figure them out as you go.
14. You have to be able to think and adapt on the fly.
Or risk becoming irrelevant, out of date, out of tune with your own ideas and wants let alone anybody else's.
15. Be selfish to your dream.
Nobody else gets it. Even if they support you, even if they too are an entrepreneur they STILL don't really get it. The worst thing you can do is look for somebody's acceptance of your dream, even if it's your coach or partner. Probably especially if it's your partner. And even if they are supportive they will think you are crazy. They will doubt you. They will question everything, 'just to make sure you've thought things through'. That's the good side of it. The worst case is they don't support you and they tear you down deliberately and try to crush your dream. Either way is actually equally bad as ultimately nobody else has power over your ability to succeed except you.
16. Be in it for the long haul, or not at all.
Business is not a hobby, not an idea, not something to try. This is do or die. Either you want it, or you don't.
17. Most of the stuff that you think matters, doesn't. Like a pretty website.
Like being organized. Like ticking everything off your list. Like networking. Like the perfect About page. Like properly styled graphics. Like attending the conferences. What does matter?
a) Being the you who you want to be NOW - i.e. doing the stuff you got into this for whether the writing, creating, coaching, speaking, whatever.
b) What will make you money today?
That is all.
18. Everything else must suffer.
You can't be superwoman. Who is she anyway? Maybe you CAN be superwoman because I'm pretty sure what she did was basically focused on her superpower and how she could save the world and ultimately herself because of it. What's your superpower? Do that. Everything else can go to hell - the washing, the house, the errands, the catch ups. Okay not your loved ones. But you know what I mean. Stop trying to do it all. Be okay with not being a good housewife, with not being the perfect soccer Mum. Or do all that stuff and DON'T create your dream business. You decide.
19. Don't be prepared.
Yup, you read that correct. What do you have to prepare for, really? You know it all already, you know YOUR stuff and you know how to help people with it. Preparation is procrastination wearing a mask. That shit will kill your dreams. So jump in head first with no idea what's beneath. You will figure it out because you have to.
20. It starts now.
You want to be an author, write your book TODAY. You want to be a speaker, speak TODAY. Create a video! You want to coach, coach somebody TODAY. Or you will find yourself spending every damn day getting ready and never getting there. So again, don't be prepared.
21. Have armor.
Business is war. Going to work each day is going into battle. Often, only against yourself and your own ideas about what you have to be or do or have before you can be or do or have the stuff you really want. Sometimes, you won't feel like it. Sometimes, people (you?!) will try to drag you down. Sometimes, everything will be absolutely horrible and awful and like moving through quicksand. So you have to have armor, a process of preparing for battle. Mine is "journaling" my way into the state I need to be in. Yours might be reading or re-writing your mission or your goals, listening to certain songs.
22. Celebrate the HECK out of any win, small or large.
Do NOT keep forging on. Celebrate what you just did! If you don't acknowledge what you've just done the universe is far less likely to reward you with more good stuff. Why bother since you're so caught up in NOT being enough?!
23. The whoo-whoo stuff is super important.
Like the last point. Like believing in your ability to succeed. Like consciously manifesting the business and life you want. It all matters and you can't get by without it.
24. But the same thing goes for taking action.
If you're not where you want to be maybe you need to stop focusing on attracting it and start bloody well getting down to work. OFF Facebook. OFF your list. AWAY from your strategy. Just real work that is going to help people and draw them into you.
25. Don't freak out when it feels good!
It's natural to think that you must be cheating or doing something wrong if it is suddenly easy. That's not true. You're allowed to have it easy. Business can be effortless. Usually, it's hard work. So be grateful and happy when it does suddenly all slip into place! Chances are it's going to get tough again and you'll be kicking yourself you didn't appreciate what you had and instead worried about what you must be missing.
26. You're going to have FOMO.
Deal with it. Do what matters to YOU. That's all.
27. Watch what you want to grow.
I want my income to grow, so I track it daily. I have a big sheet behind my computer with my monthly money goal on it. Daily, I subtract what I made and cross out the old goal and write down the new. I do the same with things like taking on new clients, or writing stuff on my book, or anything important to me. What you measure, improves. So measure. Be okay with not being where you want to be yet if you're not. But don't put your head in the sand and pretend it will all work out magically by the end of the month. Know your numbers!
28. You can ALWAYS make more money if you really need it.
This is the biggest thing to realize about money and about business. Money is everywhere. If it's an absolute 'must' for you to have, you will find it. If it's not a must or if you choose to play with beliefs telling you that it's bad or evil or selfish to be wealthy, you're going to push it away.
29. Deal with your sh*t.
If you do have stuff around money, happiness, success, getting to do what you want to do? Deal with it. Or it will never go away. I recommend constant PD learning, "journaling", and kinesiology.
30. Be an adult with your money.
You're not going to help anybody, least of all yourself, if you don't take ownership for what you create and what you get in return for it. Face your fear around your finances. Know where you're at. Read your profit and loss. Assess. Review. Plan. And then throw away the plan 'cause you'll change it anyway. But before you do - get some bank accounts set up to start putting money aside for the stuff that you want and need. Give money a home and you'll be amazed at how quickly it grows.
31. Follow your heart.
But do it with strategy. Ultimately, if people don't want to buy your stuff you won't last long as an entrepreneur.
32. Be strategic.
But make sure it has heart. Or you'll just be another cardboard copy of everybody else out there. And you'll never be remembered for anything. Which would majorly suck.
33. You'll never be happy
Not when you keep on projecting it into the future, as something that can and will happen once you've done this, finished that, finally got over that other thing. Happiness can't be found from anything outside of you; you can claim and own it now or you'll never find it.
34. Follow the path of least resistance
We have this thing where we think we need to suffer in order to succeed. So much of the time it's not true. Why take the hard and uncertain and scary route IF you have another option? If you're great at blogging and love writing - write! Why should you make videos if it's not your zone of genius. If you prefer coaching in the evenings rather than the mornings then don't give in to other people's demands around when you should work with them. Those are just 2 examples. How can you follow the path of least resistance in YOUR business today?
35. There is no balance
Life-work balance, it's a myth. There will always be more things demanding your time than what is possible for you to give attention to. Stop trying to find a way to organize or manage it all and get used to just jumping in head first. The way to stay afloat is to know what's truly important to you, and do that first. And repeat. And repeat. And repeat. THAT IS ALL; any other method of time management will destroy you and leave you frustrated and with an underlying sense of poor alignment.
And lastly, know -
36. It never stops.
There is always somewhere to improve. And there is always something else you could be doing. The fear will never ever leave you. Uncertainty is going to haunt you every damn day. You'll constantly question yourself. If you can deal with all of that then maybe, just maybe, you can make it as entrepreneur. Because if you CAN deal with all of that know that you will live a more extraordinary and rewarding life than what most could ever begin to image. And ALL of it will be worth it, not when you get there but because really? You're already there. Now is there. Now is all you have. So embrace it. Embody what you want in this moment, today. And always, always, remember...
Life is Now. Press Play.
Kat x
Follow Kat Loterzo on Twitter: www.twitter.com/katloterzo
More:
Business Mindset Business Success Kat Loterzo Woman Entrepreneur Taking Action Selfish Bitch Living Your Dreams Female Entrepreneurs What Is Working: Small Businesses
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

Stephen Colbert Is Driving Bill O Reilly CrazyUpdated:
09/30/2014  8:59 am EDT
Despite just about everyone telling him that his plan to defeat ISIS using a vast mercenary army is really , really terrible, Bill O'Reilly is not backing down. (Surprised?)
On Monday, O'Reilly lashed out at frequent foe Stephen Colbert, who had devoted a segment to ridiculing his scheme.
Colbert, O'Reilly groused, was a "dumb" person with "no bleeping clue" (he actually said "bleeping") about what to do in the Middle East — unlike O'Reilly, whose plan has the support of 70 percent of respondents in a poll on www.billoreilly.com.
WATCH:

What kind of dandiya dancer are youStill from the video
Written by Parmita Uniyal | Posted: October 1, 2014 5:36 pm
You spent an entire day in the sun to pick those pretty dandiya sticks. It is not the design of the sticks that matter, rather it is the way you play with it that separates you from the crowd.
Do you move your neck more than your dandiya sticks. Or are you an expert at the game. Maybe you are interested in that one pretty girl, who’s your neighbour, and attempting to woo her with your dancing skills.
Culture Machine’s new video looks at Top 5 dandiya moves people flaunt at dandiya raas:

CAUGHT ON VIDEO: Great White Sharks In Epic Fightreddit
It's a shark-eat-shark world out there.
A 16-foot-long great white shark was recently caught on video attacking another, smaller, great white in waters about 50 miles off the Australian shore, according to a clip posted on YouTube.
"The larger animal survived the encounter but the smaller shark has not been sighted since," the description reads.
“The day where the shark attacked the other was surreal. I asked the dive master and skipper of the boat what would happen if a smaller shark got in the way of a larger shark," shark watcher Adam Malski, who recorded the footage, told the Telegraph. "The skipper responded, ' The big shark would take the smaller one down .'"
Seconds later, they saw that very scenario unfold, and caught the whole thing on video.
The larger shark has been nicknamed Gilbert.

Raghuram Rajan says wont rescue firms with unhedged forex exposureE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Microsoft to use data centres in India for Azure  Office 365E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Festival time for banks as customers returnE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

US to help Narendra Modi develop three smart cities in IndiaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Haider  gets fulsome praise from Amitabh BachchanE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Brent hovers near 27-month low as abundant supply weighsBrent hovers near 27-month low as abundant supply weighs
Reuters
Brent fell the most since 2012 in the past quarter and could struggle to recover amid an oversupplied market that has kept prices below $100 for more than three weeks now.
Brent may struggle to recover on weak demand in China, Europe
Singapore, Oct 2:  
Brent crude futures hovered near $94 a barrel on Thursday and were close to their lowest level in more than two years, reflecting sustained pressure from plentiful global supply and weak demand conditions in Europe and China.
Brent fell the most since 2012 in the past quarter and could struggle to recover amid an oversupplied market that has kept prices below $100 for more than three weeks now.
While a mending US economy bodes well for a potential rebound in oil prices in the last quarter of the year, sluggish economic signals elsewhere may limit gains.
"Ultimately weak demand conditions in Europe and China mean that aggressive gains are going to be hard to come by," said Ankit Pahuja, commodity strategist at Australia and New Zealand Banking Group (ANZ).
Investors are eyeing the outcome of the European Central Bank's meeting later in the day, in particular wanting to see the details of a new asset-buying plan to revive the flagging eurozone economy.
Data on Wednesday showed China's manufacturing sector held up in September but remained subdued.
Brent oil for November delivery was off 8 cents at $94.08 a barrel by 0623 GMT. The contract fell as low as $93.78 on Wednesday, its weakest since June 2012.
US November crude eased 4 cents to $90.69 per barrel, within striking distance of 16-month lows touched in early September.
SAUDI CHALLENGE
With oil prices continuing to slide, the pressure is building up on the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to reduce output during its meeting next month.
While analysts expect OPEC to adjust the group's output target of 30 million barrels per day (bpd) for early 2015, the actual cut may not be big enough to spur a spike in oil prices.
OPEC Secretary General Abdullah al-Badri said last month he expected the group's production to drop to around 29.5 million bpd in 2015.
"We think there will be some reduction from OPEC but whether it's as aggressive as some have forecast in the market is still a bit of a question mark," said ANZ's Pahuja.
"The challenge is going to be whether Saudi Arabia wants to give up market share to returning supply from Iran and Libya."
Saudi Arabia on Wednesday announced a bigger-than-expected cut in its official oil sales price to Asia in November, the clearest sign yet that the world's top exporter is trying to compete for crude market share and keep oil markets well supplied.
National Australia Bank has cut its average Brent price forecast for 2015 to $103 from $105, saying weaker economic conditions in China, Japan and much of Europe have pushed demand expectations lower despite some optimism in the United States, the UK and India.
"Market expectations of oil prices have fallen sharply since June as ample supply and weak demand continue to outweigh concerns over geopolitical tensions in the Middle East," NAB analysts said in a note.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

PM Modi launches  Swachh Bharat ; weilds a broomPM Modi launches 'Swachh Bharat' campaign; takes pledge for a clean India
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 2, 2014, 10.05AM IST
Tags:
gandhi jayanti
(Wielding a broom, Prime…)
NEW DELHI: Reaching out the citizens, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday took the 'Swachh Bharat' pledge, inviting everyone to participate in the movement and make it a success. "Swachh Bharat mission is beyond politics. It is inspired by patriotism and not politics," Modi said.
Stating that he has invited nine people to join him in the mission, Modi said that these people should in turn contact another set o people to make the 'Swachh Bharat' campaign successful. "I have invited 9 people and asked them to come to public places and work towards a Clean India. I urge them to invite nine more people," Modi said. "I have invited Sachin Tendulkar, Shashi Tharoor, Anil Ambani, Salman Khan, Baba Ramdev, the team of 'Tarak Mehta Ka Oolta Chashma', among others," Modi added.
"Is cleaning only the responsibility of the Karamcharis? Do citizens have no role here? We have to change this mindset," Modi urged. "All governments have done something or the other to achieve cleanliness in the country; I greet all of them for this," Modi said.
Modi was joined by Bollywood actor Aamir Khan on stage at Rajpath as he addressed the nation on the Clean India drive. Wielding a broom, Modi launched the 'Swachh Bharat' campaign, a cleanliness drive across India, on Gandhi Jayanti .
After paying tributes at the memorials of Mahatma Gandhi and former Prime Minister Lal Bahadur Shastri on their birth anniversaries, Modi himself swept a pavement at Valmiki Basti, a colony of sanitation workers, before the formal launch of the 'Clean India' drive at Rajpath.
While launching the mission at Mandir Marg, he also made a surprise visit at the local police station to check on cleanliness. Accompanied by officials, the Prime Minister collected the garbage and put it in a bin. He later interacted with the children there.
"I bow to Mahatma Gandhi on his birth anniversary.... Gandhi ji's thoughts and beliefs remain a great inspiration for us. Let us dedicate ourselves to building the India of Gandhi ji's dreams," he said in a series of tweets.
He also recalled Shastri's famous 'Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan' slogan.
More than 2,500 students from close to 50 government schools in Delhi took the 'Swachhta Shapath' along with Modi as he inaugurated his ambitious 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan'.
Around 2,700 students from 44 government schools read from the 'pledge paper' along with the prime minister at India Gate and are also taking part in a 3-km long 'walkathon' which is being held as part of the launch of the cleanliness mission.
(With inputs from PTI)

FMCG MNCs like Reckitt Benckiser  HUL to gain from  Swachh Bharat  missionCompanies like Reckitt Benckiser, Hindustan Unilever, Dabur and others to gain from 'Swachh Bharat' campaign
Ratna Bhushan & Sagar Malviya, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 05.17AM IST
Tags:
Hindustan UniLever
(Companies such as Dabur and…)
NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: Among the biggest beneficiaries of the 'Swachh Bharat' campaign that Prime Minister Narendra Modi will flag off on October 2 will be two multinationals — Reckitt Benckiser and Hindustan Unilever that together own most big household cleaning brands in the country such as Lizol, Dettol, Harpic, Domex and Colin.
Companies such as consumer products maker Dabur and top retailer Future Group plan to leverage the 'Clean India' drive by launching their own cleanliness campaigns to promote their brands, as marketers say the biggest challenge for hygiene category has been lack of awareness. Nitish Kapoor, MD, Reckitt Benckiser, said the government initiative will significantly help spread hygiene awareness.
"In the long term, as more and more people adopt healthy hygiene practices, our products like Dettol and Harpic will become relevant for them," he told ET. Both HUL and Reckitt Benckiser run big awareness campaigns, particularly in rural areas, to boost sales of their hygiene products. Reckitt has committed Rs 100 crore for a five-year Dettol campaign to address "the country's hygiene and sanitation needs". It has roped in Amitabh Bachchan as ambassador for the programme that will take off this month and will cover 400 villages across Haryana, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra through videos, flyer distributions, posters, handwashing sessions and street plays. An HUL spokesperson said its Lifebuoy 'handwashing programme', which spreads the importance of washing hands with soap, has reached 58 million people in rural and urban India since 2010. Last year, HUL launched Domex Toilet Academy programme that aims to build 24,000 toilets in the country by 2015.
"Campaigns like Swachh Bharat will go a long way in creating awareness amongst people on the need for healthy hygiene habits," the person said. Reckitt Benckiser dominates toilet care space with its brand Harpic enjoying 69% market share in 2013, according to Euromonitor. It controls surface care market too with 57% share through brands such as Dettol, Easy-Off Bang, Lizol and Colin.
Euromonitor, however, said local players and private label floor cleaners have started to eat into the share of established brands such as Dettol. While branded products have been available in mainstream retail channels for many years, they remain a small niche in the overall household cleaning products market since most consumers still use local and unbranded products such as phenyl or soap-water. But retailers say that the branded market could now explode.
"The biggest challenge for the category growth has always been awareness which will now be addressed to an extent. What it will do in turn is bring new consumers in category as well as trigger more consumption when existing customers use it for multiple surface cleaning," said Devendra Chawla, CEO at Future Group's Food Bazaar.
"Also, many consumers who flirted with products like hand sanitizers during epidemic such as swine flu but left the category after few months could come back due to heightened awareness." Future Bazaar will run a 'Safai Mela' before Diwali to mainly promote its own brand Clean Mate that already outsells national brands such as Domex in its stores.
Homegrown Dabur, too, is leveraging the opportunity for its SaniFresh surface cleaner brand, by rolling out a 'Swachh Toilet, Swachh Bharat Abhiyan', which will provide germ-free public toilets across the country.
"Rs 1 from the sale of every pack of SaniFresh will go towards building toilets in the country, especially for girls," said K K Chutani, executive director - marketing at Dabur India. Sushil Kumar, project head at Dabur's CSR partner Sundesh, said it has identified five villages in Ghaziabad and Rudrapur to set up 50 toilets. It plans to build 80-100 such toilets this year.
 
Sundesh will buy SaniFresh in bulk from the company and supply it to villages. The World Health Organization and United Nations Children's Education Fund (UNICEF) estimate that there are more than 620 million people practicing open defecation due to lack of access to proper sanitation and 60% of all open defecation is in India. According to the World Bank report, 53% of Indian households defecate in the open.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi ropes in 9 people including Tendulkar  Salman Khan  Baba RamdevAamir Khan
("I have invited 9 people…)
NEW DELHI: In his bid to make 'Swachh Bharat' a people's movement, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today initiated a chain by inviting nine eminent personalities including cricket icon Sachin Tendulkar , Congress leader Shashi Tharoor , industrialist Anil Ambani along with several actors to spread awareness on cleanliness.
The Internet-savvy Prime Minister appeared inspired by the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge, which had gone viral in recent months, as he asked the celebrities to nominate nine more people to join the campaign and hoped that the chain would continue.
Among those nominated by the PM are film actors Salman Khan , Priyanka Chopra and Kamal Hassan, industrialist Anil Ambani, Goa Governor Mridula Sinha and Congress leader Shashi Tharoor , yoga guru Ramdev and the team of TV serial "Tarak Mehta Ka Ulta Chashma".
Modi also administered a pleadge to thousands of people, including schools children and government employees at Rajpath for remaining committed to cleanliness to make the country clean.
#MyIdeaofSwachhBharat is #CleanIndia on roads, sanitation for all and every citizen with swachh and spiritually pious heart
— Swami Ramdev (@yogrishiramdev) October 2, 2014
Watch: Modi invites celebrities to join his campaign
"I will remain committed towards cleanliness and devote time for this...I will neither litter nor let others litter," pledged all those present at a function to mark the launch of "Swachh Bharat" (Clean India) mission at India Gate by the Prime Minister.
Actor Aamir Khan also joined the PM in taking the pledge along with Union Ministers Nitin Gadkari and Venkaiah Naidu.
"I have invited nine people and asked them to come to public places and work towards a Clean India. I ask them to invite nine more people too...I am sure these nine people will do the work and each will invite nine more people to form a chain and clean the country," Modi said.
The original ice bucket challenge where such a chain was created online was designed to raise funds for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis-- also known as Lou Gehrig's Disease and motor neurone disease, which is a global viral phenomenon
Modi also announced starting a campaign on cleanliness through social media using his website MyGov.in and other such websites, including a new website dedicated to the clean India campaign.
The PM later joined the children in the Walkathon after flagging it off at Rajpath. The Walkathon is part of steps for creating awareness on cleanliness.
Administering the pledge to countrymen on the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi today, Modi highlighted the Father of the Nation's thrust on cleanliness and said the country must realise his unfulfilled dream of a clean India on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019.
"Mahatma Gandhi dreamt of an India which was not only free but also clean and developed. Mahatma Gandhi secured freedom for Mother India. Now it is our duty to serve Mother India by keeping the country neat and clean," said the first lines of the pledge.
The pledge further takes the promise from every individual to remain committed to cleanliness and devote time for this.
"I will devote 100 hours per year -- that is two hours per week -- to voluntary work for cleanliness. I will neither litter nor let others litter.
"I will initiate the quest for cleanliness with myself, my family, my locality, my village and my work place. I believe that the countries of the world that appear clean are so because their citizens don't indulge in littering nor do they allow it to happen. With this firm belief, I will propagate the message of Swachh Bharat Mission in villages and towns," reads the pledge.
It also exhorts all to encourage 100 other persons to take this pledge and endeavour to make them devote their 100 hours for cleanliness.
Earlier, the Prime Minister wielded the broom himself by sweeping clean a pavement in Valmiki Basti, a colony of sanitation workers here. Seeing dirt at the Mandir Marg police station on his way to the "Swachh Bharat" mission launch at India Gate, he stopped and cleaned it himself and directed the cops present there to complete the task.
Union Drinking and Sanitation Minister Nitin Gadkari said the gram panchayats are also participating in the campaign and said all were extending their support to the mission. "I assure the Prime Minister that we will accomplish the task of cleaning India by 2019," he said.
Union Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu termed the day as historic and said the mission will be turned into a people's movement. "I am confident that this campaign will sustain," he said and exhorted the corporate sector to take up the mission as part of their corporate social responsibility.
The Prime Minister also honoured Anant Khasbardar of Kolhapur in Maharashtra for winning the logo design contest of the "Swachh Bharat Mission" and Bhagyasri Sheth of Rajkot in Gujarat for giving the mission the tagline of "Ek Kadam Swachhta ki ore". Khasbardar was awarded a cash prize of Rs 50,000 while Bhagyasri got Rs 25,000, along with a commendation certificate each.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How India Inc s top names are driving philanthropyPM Modi launches 'Swachh Bharat' campaign; takes pledge for a clean India
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 2, 2014, 10.05AM IST
Tags:
gandhi jayanti
(Wielding a broom, Prime…)
NEW DELHI: Reaching out the citizens, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday took the 'Swachh Bharat' pledge, inviting everyone to participate in the movement and make it a success. "Swachh Bharat mission is beyond politics. It is inspired by patriotism and not politics," Modi said.
Stating that he has invited nine people to join him in the mission, Modi said that these people should in turn contact another set o people to make the 'Swachh Bharat' campaign successful. "I have invited 9 people and asked them to come to public places and work towards a Clean India. I urge them to invite nine more people," Modi said. "I have invited Sachin Tendulkar, Shashi Tharoor, Anil Ambani, Salman Khan, Baba Ramdev, the team of 'Tarak Mehta Ka Oolta Chashma', among others," Modi added.
"Is cleaning only the responsibility of the Karamcharis? Do citizens have no role here? We have to change this mindset," Modi urged. "All governments have done something or the other to achieve cleanliness in the country; I greet all of them for this," Modi said.
Modi was joined by Bollywood actor Aamir Khan on stage at Rajpath as he addressed the nation on the Clean India drive. Wielding a broom, Modi launched the 'Swachh Bharat' campaign, a cleanliness drive across India, on Gandhi Jayanti .
After paying tributes at the memorials of Mahatma Gandhi and former Prime Minister Lal Bahadur Shastri on their birth anniversaries, Modi himself swept a pavement at Valmiki Basti, a colony of sanitation workers, before the formal launch of the 'Clean India' drive at Rajpath.
While launching the mission at Mandir Marg, he also made a surprise visit at the local police station to check on cleanliness. Accompanied by officials, the Prime Minister collected the garbage and put it in a bin. He later interacted with the children there.
"I bow to Mahatma Gandhi on his birth anniversary.... Gandhi ji's thoughts and beliefs remain a great inspiration for us. Let us dedicate ourselves to building the India of Gandhi ji's dreams," he said in a series of tweets.
He also recalled Shastri's famous 'Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan' slogan.
More than 2,500 students from close to 50 government schools in Delhi took the 'Swachhta Shapath' along with Modi as he inaugurated his ambitious 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan'.
Around 2,700 students from 44 government schools read from the 'pledge paper' along with the prime minister at India Gate and are also taking part in a 3-km long 'walkathon' which is being held as part of the launch of the cleanliness mission.
(With inputs from PTI)

Indian philanthropists supporting ventures in unconventional areasSmall bunch of Indian philanthropists supporting ventures in unconventional areas of governance, human rights
Naren Karunakaran, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 03.57AM IST
Tags:
Governance
(Rohini Nilekani, who…)
MUMBAI: Even as much of Indian philanthropic capital flows into predictable areas like education, healthcare or water, a small and gutsy bunch of philanthropists is directing their generosity towards issues like governance and the thorny thickets of human rights.
Rohini Nilekani, who has done considerable work in water and education sectors over the years, is keen on channelling much of the Rs 164 crore she raised by sale of Infosys shares into initiatives on governance alone — be it data transparency, supporting think tanks for better policy formulations, or supporting independent media She has been veritably pushed into the governance arena by circumstances as she realised that working on social verticals is not enough — governance as a horizontal, cross-cutting theme has to be addressed too.
"There are huge gaps and leaks in the system, in government plumbing," she says. Another set of givers, including former Infosys director TV Mohandas Pai and Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw of Biocon, are going deeper into the political process itself through Bangalore Political Action Committee (B.PAC) "It's not enough to constantly moan and groan. We have to participate and catalyse reforms," says Pai, who is now putting scores of young, debutante politicians at the grassroots through training regimens.
CV Madhukar, cofounder of the PRS Legislative Research and director for governance related investments at the India office of Omidyar Network, would like to expand the governance framework a little further and address the issue of judicial delays too in addition to issues involving media, civic technology, open data and fiscal transparency.
While there are risks involved in governance work, he isn't overly bothered. "It need not be confrontational, it's about working together," he says. Globally, billionaire philanthropist Pierre Omidyar and George Soros are among the few that are pushing the governance and human rights agenda proactively. These philanthropists are of the opinion that issues of governance, if left only to politicians and bureaucracy, will get stymied and all their efforts in trying to address social issues will remain stunted or result in sub-optimal outcomes.
"Unless the governance piece in the framework is fixed, our developmental goals cannot be achieved," explains Anu Aga, former chairperson of Thermax, a philanthropy evangelist. As a Rajya Sabha member, Aga is privy to the processes in government and is appalled by the inadequacy of the present system to deliver. Indian givers have traditionally shied away from addressing human rights issues.
Shalu, who is from a prominent industrial family, is one of the few converts. It started with a study on sex trafficking she was given last year by Dasra, a strategic philanthropy foundation. "It stumped me and my husband," she says.
"The problem is huge and is not being attended to." Over 80% of sex workers nationwide (16 million women) are victims of sex trafficking and 40% of these victims are adolescents and children. "We talk of women em owerment and here we have a situation where she has no right over her own body," laments Shalu. It may take a long time for philanthropists to even look at contentious issues such as labour, environmental and resource rights, freedom from interference in privacy, freedom from gender or identity-based violence or right to sexual expression.
However, a small beginning has been made. Usually donors want all their money to go into projects, giving little thought to the needs of the NGO or the agency itself. Amit Chandra, managing director, Bain Capital, has worked with 30 NGOs in education, vocational training and health, for over a decade. He has drawn his lessons.  
Chandra now wants to expend all philanthropic money and time on building capacities of NGOs — leadership support and training, improving organisational structures, shoring up human capital, building resilience and abilities to scale. "Very few think big because of the huge limitations they are mired in," he says. Capacity building is emerging as a key area for donors who are keen on ushering systemic changes.
COLLECTIVE GIVING
One of the most gratifying developments of recent times is the emergence of high-impact collective giving where the combined energies of many are directed towards a particular cause. Nimesh Sumati and Rajesh Kacholia, extremely media-shy Mumbai- based businessmen, have strung together an informal network - Caring Friends - of over 400 high net worth individuals who fraternise occasionally, exchange notes and give.
The amounts are not to be sniffed at. Collectively they donate over Rs25 crore a year to 50 select NGOs across 18 states. It's the informal character of the entire exercise that is remarkable. No proposals are sought, no MOUs are signed. Caring Friends doesn't even have a bank account but givers and the NGOs work in a close embrace.

Mahindra to bring it s CSR activities under single branding umbrellaMahindra to bring it's CSR activities under single branding umbrella of ‘Rise for Good’
Rica Bhattacharyya, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 05.19AM IST
Tags:
‘Rise for Good’
(The exercise will entail…)
MUMBAI: The Mahindra Group is set to bring its corporate social responsibility, sustainability and corporate governance initiatives under a new branding umbrella 'Rise for Good' that it is set to unveil on Thursday, on the occasion of its 70th founder's day. "The real reason to bring these initiatives under one umbrella is to give them more strength and to give a further impetus, momentum and synergy to the movement for employees to be more involved," Rajeev Dubey, president, group HR, corporate services and aftermarket sector at Mahindra & Mahindra, told ET in an exclusive interaction.
The exercise will entail the group's partnership with the external world, including individuals, organisations or groups, he added. Some of the group's CSR initiatives include the 'Nanhi Kali' programme, which focuses on educating the girl child; 'Mahindra Pride School', which provides livelihood training to socially and economically marginalised youth; scholarships and grants to needy and deserving students; 'Hariyali', an environment initiative that encourages people to plant more trees;and health initiatives, including Lifeline Express, a mobile train hospital, and disaster relief.
"The aim of creating one branding umbrella is to both motivate people internally and bind them around what we do for society as well as excite people from outside to join in," said SP Shukla , president, group strategy, member, group executive board and chairman, innovation academy, at M&M.
The group's CSR and sustainability initiatives focus on four broad areas — education (with a focus on education of the girl child), health, environment and disaster relief.
What began as announcement of the 'Rise Credo' was followed by 'Spark The Rise' platform three years ago to promote innovation, entrepreneurship and grass roots change.
The group followed this up with 'Rise Prize' - a million-dollar prize to drive disruptive, high-end technology and innovation from India. And now comes 'Rise for Good'. This year, the group is set to spend over Rs 150 crore on CSR initiatives, compared with Rs 42 crore last year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Now  Amazon to sell packaged food  beverages on it s sites in IndiaNow, Amazon to sell packaged food, beverages on it's sites in India
Radhika P Nair & Aditi Shrivastava, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 02.04AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(The platform has already…)
BANGALORE: Online marketplace Amazon India is set to sell packaged foods and beverages on its portalas the fight for top honours intensifies in e-tailing. It's the first big e-commerce portal to enter this category in India. Amazon, which launched its India operations last June, is planning to unveil the category in the middle of October before Diwali, which falls on October 23, said a person who has direct knowledge of the launch.
The platform has already begun accepting bookings for Coca-Cola Zero, the beverage major's low-calorie variant and will begin deliveries next week. "Amazon will start with about 100 gourmet products for now and expand to a much wider assortment in a few months," said the source. Amazon did not respond to an emailed query on the development. The marketplace will not offer fresh foods, like fruits and vegetables, for now.
"But they will get into fresh food eventually in India," said another person. Both people spoke on the condition of anonymity. The e-commerce company started delivering fresh groceries under AmazonFresh in 2007 in its home city of Seattle. The service is now available in Southern and Northern California, including Los Angeles and San Francisco. In India, Amazon is in talks with brands like breakfast cereal maker Kelloggs and nachos manufacturer Cornitos.
Olympia Industries, a premium seller on Amazon that is selling Coca-Cola Zero on the platform, has already started stocking other food brands in Amazon's Manesar warehouse, according to a vendor who is in talks with Olympia and Amazon for his food and beverages brand. Olympia also did not respond to ET's emailed questionnaire.
Online grocery retail is a difficult category, said experts. "The idea of selling pack ged food online is still at its infancy," said Arvind Singhal, chairman of retail advisory firm Technopak. "I think Amazon may at first limit deliveries to a few cities, since even the average transaction value is relatively low," Singhal said.
Amazon's competitors Snapdeal and Flipkart are yet to foray into F&B. Flipkart's chief executive Sachin Bansal has aid in previous conversations with ET that the company will not get into groceries or automobiles. However, the opportunity in India is large. The Indian food industry is expected to reach about $200 billion (Rs 12 lakh crore) by 2015, according to a report by KPMG.
A handful of grocery focused sites like Big-Basket and LocalBanya have set up operations in a few cities. Bangalore-based Big-Basket raised Rs 200 crore in September from Helion Venture Partners, Zodius Fund II with Avendus and existing investors Ascent Capital and LionRock Capital.
Amazon, on its part, made its intentions clear in July when founder Jeff Bezos announced $2 billion (over Rs 12,200 crore) investment into the company's India operations. At that time, Amit Agarwal, Amazon India's country head, had said the focus will remain on adding on more categories.
This strategy has worked well for Amazon so far. The company sells products across about 30 categories and hosts over 8,500 merchants on its platform. Bezos, who is on a visit to India, revealed its India platform had sold $1 billion (Rs 6,100 crore) worth of products in a year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

I m like a rich uncle to Amazon India: CEO Jeff BezosJeff Bezos amazed by Amazon's growth in India; says business completely driven by the local team
ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 06.38AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(Amazon India has already…)
NEW DELHI: On a visit to the capital, Jeff Bezos , chief executive officer of Amazon, the world's largest e-commerce firm, said that he was amazed by the growth of his company in India. Amazon India has already exceeded gross merchandise sales of over $1 billion within a year of its operations in the country.
Bezos, who has an estimated net worth of about $30 billion, said the India team has full control over its operations. "The India team should think of me as a rich uncle from Seattle who would just provide cash. The business is completely driven by the India team from here. It has done exceedingly well," Bezos said. The 50-yearold CEO had announced a $2-billion investment in Indian operations this year, a day after rival Flipkart raised $1 billion in funding.
Bezos said Amazon's focus will be to upgrade logistics services, develop the mobile platform and new tools and techniques to help small and medium businesses grow in India. "Indian SMEs should lean into the future and get hooked to the digital platform so as to reach a global audience," he added.
In conversation with former Nasscom president Kiran Karnik at an event organised by the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce & Industry, Bezos said that if he were to start Amazon all over again today, he would still choose books as a category. "It's a category where you can scale to millions of products. When we launched, we had a million titles on offer," Bezos added.
The Amazon founder has also launched Blue Origin, a company that is building technologies to enable low-cost human travel to space.
FEATURED ARTICLES

For Jeff Bezos  the baap of e-commerce  customer is the kingCustomer is king for Jeff Bezos
By ET Bureau | 1 Oct, 2014, 03.12PM IST
The Amazon boss charmed a select group of consumers, and they went home with Kindles and Fire Phones inscribed with Bezos’s 'autograph'. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Masoom Gupte
On his second visit to India, Jeff Bezos spent most of Sunday with the media, but devoted September 29 to consumers and his team.
The Amazon boss charmed a select group of consumers, and they went home with Kindles and Fire Phones inscribed with Bezos's 'autograph'. When it was the employees' turn, Bezos was introduced by his India head Amit Agarwal as the "baap of e-commerce".
Bezos's reaction to some of the questions that cropped up from employees was droll. One query went, "Why don't Amazon India employees get discounts?" Bezos joked, "You are a wonderful person for asking that question", before going on to answer it seriously. After all, the employee asked what must be on top of all their minds.

Jeff Bezos  Satya Nadella  now Zuckerberg: America comes to IndiaAmaon
(Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg may…)
NEW DELHI: Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg will be visiting India this month and will most likely meet in this country one of the biggest fans (and user) of the social networking phenomenon he has created — Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
Zuckerberg's visit to India, Facebook's fastest-growing market, will mark a hat-trick of India visits by high-profile CEOs of American corporations in a fortnight. Amazon founder Jeff Bezos and Microsoft boss Satya Nadella are already in the country now.
Communications Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad confirmed to ETthat Zuckerberg, one of the world's youngest billionaires with a personal wealth estimated at $33 billion, has sought meetings with the prime minister and other senior ministers between October 9 and 10.
Second Facebook honcho to visit India
The minister declined to share more details of the meetings, but Facebook is widely tipped to be partnering the government in Swachh Bharat, one of Modi's pet initiatives aimed at improving cleanliness levels across the country.
A spokesman for Facebook India declined comment on the visit as well as the proposed partnership. Zuckerberg, 30, will be the second top executive from Facebook to come calling since the Modi government was sworn into power.
In July, Facebook's Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg visited the country and also met Modi, who was among the early Indian politicians to effectively use the power of social networks first during the election campaign and later even in government.
Modi has alluded to the power of Facebook and Twitter, another social networking tool he uses regularly, in his speeches, most recently in one of his public speeches in the US.
When Modi met Sandberg in July, he had suggested the use of Facebook for improving governance, better interaction between people and government, and to attract more tourists to India. He had also spoken to her on how Facebook could assist India in his drive to improve cleanliness. Modi will launch a Swachh Bharat campaign in Delhi on October 2 and the government plans to propagate the massive project through a social media outreach programme on Facebook.
Zuckerberg's visit will not be all about schmoozing with the government. Another person familiar with the visit said Zuckerberg will speak at the Facebook-promoted Internet.org's Content and Usability Summit, which is being held in Delhi. The summit aims to focus on accelerating the creation and consumption of locally relevant content and value-added services in India, according to an invitation sent out by Internet.org.
India is an important market for the social networking company. According to market research firm eMarketer, India is the company's second-biggest market after the US in terms of the number of users. India, however, will account for the fastest growth — 40% — in people logging on to the social networking platform in 2014. The number of users in India will touch 108.9 million by the end of the year compared with 77.8 million in 2013 — almost 10% of the Indian population and mostly young people.
The Modi government is also tying up with the charity foundation of Microsoft founder Bill Gates, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, which will share its R&D experience and also transfer technology to build cost-effective toilets across the country.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Narendra Modi s US visit disappointing on outcomes: CongressE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Photos: Worlds 15 friendliest placesBigg Boss 8
Top 15 friendliest places in the world named by Rough Guide
Rough Guide asked their readers to vote for the top 15 friendliest cities they’d ever visited. You may find the results quite surprising. While Capetonians may have a reputation among South Africans for being a bit cliquey and snobbish, the travel pros have voted the city as the 12th friendliest place in the world. (Sorry, Port Elizabeth.) And in case you were wondering: you can check out the list of the top 10 friendliest countries here .
15. Atlanta, Georgia, USA

Aditi  Tiger watch Bang Bang along with lead stars Hrithik  Katrinaentertainment
Aditi, Tiger watch ‘Bang Bang’ along with lead stars Hrithik, Katrina
‘Bang Bang’ lead pair Hrithik Roshan and Katrina Kaif attended a special screening of their new action flick, along with  actors Tiger Shroff and Aditi Rao Hydari.
Hrithik Roshan, who is all geared up to sweep the audience off its feet with his performance in the film, looked serious as he posed for pictures. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
His onscreen ladylove Katrina Kaif sizzled in a black cutout dress with bejeweled-tipped pumps. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Hrithik gives us a smile looking cool in a cap and casual attire. The actor recently declared in an interview that he has found the key to a happy life. “It’s a journey. But once you learn to trick your mind, then you always have the right tools and right rules to live by,” said Roshan. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Aditi Rao Hydari couldn’t keep from smiling widely, looking pretty in a black dress and tan coloured wedges. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
‘Heropanti’ actor Tiger Shroff also put in an appearance. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
‘Kai Po Che’ director Abhishek Kapoor looks a bit disgruntled. Hope the movie cheered him up! (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Abhishek’s fiancé Pragya was hot in a black outfit with boots. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Actor Kunal Kapoor was also seen making his way for the premiere. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Director Punit Malhotra was casual in a tee shirt and denims. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Actor Chunky Pandey also made it to the premiere. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Director of ‘Bang Bang’, Siddharth Anand poses for the photogs. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
‘Finding Fanny’ director Homi Adajani seemed to be really excited about the film. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Hrithik had a bit of a problem while exiting the theatre. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The actor’s bodyguard was clearly not happy with the paparazzi around. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Pictured here is Dia Mirza’s producer fiancé Sahil Sangha. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Celebrity photographer Dabboo Rattnani, his wife Manisha along with their daughter. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
‘Bhaag Milkha Bhaag’ director Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra obliges the camera. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sonali Bendre’s husband Goldie Behl was seen with the couple’s son, Ranveer. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Prior to the screening, Hrithik and Katrina also attended a last minute promotional do. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Hrithik stuck to the same wardrobe, except for a change in hat. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Here’s why Katrina Kaif is said to have the best legs in B-Town! (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Katrina tries to match her muscles to Hrithik’s bulging biceps! (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Mario Balotelli  working hard   says Liverpool boss Brandon RodgersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Spirited India wins Asiad gold  qualify for Rio OlympicsSpirited India wins Asiad gold, qualify for Rio Olympics
PTI
PTI Indian and Pakistani players in action in the hockey final at the 17th Asian Games at Incheon, South Korea on Thursday. - PTI
Incheon, Oct 2:  
A spirited Indian men's hockey team defeated arch-rivals and defending champions Pakistan 4-2 in a nerve-wracking shoot-out to end its 16-year gold medal draught in the Asian Games and earn a direct berth to the 2016 Rio Olympics, here today.
It turned out to be a humdinger of a contest between the two sub-continental foes as both India and Pakistan refused to give an inch to each other in the entire 60 minutes of a keenly contested tussle.
It took a shoot-out to determine the winner as both the team were locked 1-1 in the regulation time of the summit clash at the Seonhak Hockey Stadium.
Pakistan started brightly and broke the deadlock as early as the third minute of the match through Muhammad Rizwan Sr before Kothajit Singh (27th) equalised for India in the second quarter.
The two teams continued their battle after change of ends but failed to breach the rival citadels inspite of creating numerous scoring chances, forcing the match into the shoot-off.
In the one-on-one shoot-off situation, Akashdeep Singh, Rupinderpal Singh, Birendra Lakra and Dhramvir Singh scored for India, while Manpreet Singh turned out to be the fall guy.
But all credit to Indian custodian and vice-captain P R Sreejesh, who produced breathtaking saves in the shoot-off to deny Pakistan's Abdul Haseem Khan and Muhammad Umar Butta.
Muhammad Waqas and Shafqat Rasool scored the goals for Pakistan.
By virtue of the coveted gold medal here, India have earned a direct qualification to Rio Olympics, while Pakistan will have to go through the qualifiers. The last time India won the gold medal was in the 1998 Asian Games in Bangkok.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Nawazuddin Siddiqui to play undercover agent in Shahid Kapoor s  Farzi'Farzi' is slated to go on floor in November.
BollywoodHungama.com | Mumbai | Posted: October 2, 2014 3:41 pm
After the Saif Ali Khan – Ileana D’Cruz starrer ‘Happy Ending’, Raj Nidimoru and Krishna D.K will now shift their attention towards the con thriller ‘Farzi’ which has Shahid Kapoor in the lead. Now we hear that the film will also have Nawazuddin Siddiqui playing a prominent role.
The actor, who played the role of a hard headed cop in the Vidya Balan starrer ‘Kahaani’, will now play a character which is something in the lines of an undercover agent in Farzi. Nawazuddin Siddiqui, who started off with minuscule yet impactful roles in films like ‘Talaash’, shot to fame with ‘Gangs of Wasseypur II’ and he was recently seen chasing Salman Khan in the Sajid Nadiadwala directorial debut ‘Kick’.
We hear that ‘Farzi’ will see Shahid Kapoor playing an intelligent con artist who conspires a huge financial theft and the government in a bid to find him, hire the no nonsense guy played by Nawazuddin and then begins the cat and mouse game. The film will be shot in varied locations from Mumbai to Delhi to Hyderabad.
Produced by Eros, ‘Farzi’ is also said to star Kriti Sanon and the film is slated to go on floors in November.
Kriti Sanon , who made her debut opposite Tiger Shroff in ‘Heropanti’, will also be seen with Akshay Kumar in Prabhu Dheva’s next ‘Singh is Bling’. On the other hand, Shahid Kapoor who is busy with the release of ‘Haider’, will wrap up his next film ‘Shandaar’ alongside Alia Bhatt, directed by Vikas Bahl.

Bharat Heavy Electricals Bags Rs 359 Crore Contract from NMDCYou are here: Home Corporates
Bharat Heavy Electricals Bags Rs 359 Crore Contract from NMDC
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 02, 2014 14:40 (IST)
Why Zomato Has Been a Big Winner for Info Edge
New Delhi: Bharat Heavy Electricals has bagged a contract worth Rs 359 crore for setting up a plant power distribution system package for an NMDC steel plant in Chhattisgarh.
The work pertains to state-owned NMDC's three million tonnes per annum integrated steel plant at Nagarnar in Chattisgarh. Already, Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd is executing a raw material handling package at the project.
In a statement today, BHEL said the contract for setting up the plant power distribution system package is valued at Rs 359 crore.
"The present order envisages design, engineering, supply, erection and commissioning of the complete power distribution system on turnkey basis.
"The system will supply power through 33kV GIS (Gas Insulated Switchgear) based substations to the shops of the integrated steel plant," it added.
Story first published on: October 02, 2014 14:38 (IST)

Mainland students shun Hong Kong protestsOctober 2, 2014 2:28 pm
Mainland China students shun Hong Kong protests
By Julie Zhu in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b3a6fec4-49fd-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bang Bang movie review: Hrithik Roshan show all the wayMovie review Bang Bang: Hrithik Roshan, Katrina Kaif better looking than Cruise and Diaz, but duller
Shubhra Gupta | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 03 2014, 11:21  IST
Oct 03 2014, 11:21  IST
 

PayPal spawn have advanced where PayPal stood stillE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

CSK storm into CLT20 final with 65-run victory over Kings XITwenty20
Dwayne Bravo smashed 67 off 39 balls to lead CSK to a competitive total of 182-7 after which pacers Mohit Sharma and Ashish Nehra ripped through the KXIP top-order with 2 wickets each.
Chennai Super Kings’ all-round brilliance proved too much for Kings XI Punjab as the former recorded an easy 65-run victory, in the second semi-final of the Oppo Champions League T-20 cricket championship at Rajiv Gandhi Stadium here on Thursday night.
Chennai Super Kings will take on Kolkata Knight Riders in the final in Bangalore on October 4.
Chasing a victory target of 183, KXIP was never in the hunt as the CSK bowling struck repeatedly to leave the former tottering at 61 for seven in the 11th over. To the huge disappointment of the holiday crowd, the chase was never on as it was a virtual parade of departing batsmen in the face of disciplined, if not unplayable bowling.
Medium-pacer Mohit Sharma struck the first blow early, removing Virender Sehwag in the second over of the innings, and then left-arm medium-pacer Ashish Nehra removed Wriddhiman Saha and the big-hitting Glen Maxwell. KXIP was in deeper trouble soon as captain George Bailey and Thisara Perera too followed them into the dug-out with indiscreet stroke-play, failing to read left-arm spinner Pawan Negi.
A CSK win was never in doubt by the 11th over itself and the rest of the proceedings were only delaying the inevitable.
Earlier, it was a typical CSK rearguard action with the bat led by Dwayne Bravo’s chancy half-century which propped the total despite medium-pacer Parvinder Awana’s split hat-trick. Awana removed Suresh Raina with the last ball of his third over and then came back to dismiss Pawan Negi and captain M.S. Dhoni for a first-ball duck with the first and second balls in his fourth over.
It was below-par fielding that saw KXIP fail to wrest the initiative as CSK was struggling at 65 for three in 10 overs at one stage. Bravo was dropped twice — first by Glen Maxwell at long-off off leggie Karanveer Singh when on eight and then on 30 by left-arm spinner Axar Patel, off his own bowling.
Bravo, Faf du Plessis and Ravindra Jadeja played important innings for CSK in quick time, which pushed KXIP onto the back foot.
Scoreboard:
Dwayne Smith b Awana 14
Brendon McCullum c Awana b Perera 6
Suresh Raina c Bailey b Awana 6
Faf du Plessis b Patel 46
Dwayne Bravo c Maxwell b Patel 67
Pawan Negi b Awana 8
M S Dhoni c Karanveer b Awana 0
Ravindra Jadeja not out 27
Ravichandran Ashwin not out 2
Extras: (LB—1 W—5) 6
Total: (For 7 wkts in 20 overs) 182
Bowling: Anureet Singh 4—0—44—0, P Awana 4—0—30—4, Thisara Perera 4—0—41—1, Karanveer Singh 4—0—36—0, Axar Patel 4—0—30—2.
Kings XI Punjab:
Virender Sehwag c McCullum b Sharma 0
Manan Vohra c du Plessis b Sharma 16
Wriddhiman Saha b Nehra 6
Glen Maxwell c Dhoni b Nehra 0
David Miller b Ashwin 22
George Bailey c McCullum b Negi 6
Thisara Perera c Bravo b Negi 0
Axar Patel b Raina 31
Karanveer Singh not out 17
Parvinder Awana c du Plessis b Raina 0
Anureet Singh c Raina b Jadeja 16
Extras: (LB-2, W-1) 3.
Total: (all out in 18.2 overs) 117
Bowling: Ashish Nehra 3-0-9-2, Mohit Sharma 3-0-14-2, Ravichandran Ashwin 4-0-33-1, Pawan Negi 4-0-28-2, Jadeja 1.2-0-9-1, Raina 2-0-10-2, Bravo 1-0-12-0.
Man of the match: Dwayne Bravo.

Centre cautions states on MoUs with foreign govts  firmsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Modi launches  Clean India   says it s patriotism not politicsModi launches 'Clean India', says it's patriotism not politics
BS Reporter | New Delhi Oct 03, 2014 12:57 AM IST
Explaining that keeping India clean was beyond politics, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday co-opted a brace of celebrities, including at least one active member of the Congress party, to take forward the government’s Swachchh Bharat (clean India) campaign.
Modi launched the programme amid tight security at Rajpath (where there was no discernible rubbish) by taking a broom himself and sweeping the road. Then, on his way to Valmiki Basti on the city’s Mandir Marg, he made an unscheduled stop at a nearby police station, where he wielded the broom to sweep the station clean. He also told policemen there that it was their duty to keep the premises tidy at all times.
The PM announced initiating a chain by inviting nine eminent personalities — cricket icon Sachin Tendulkar, Congress leader Shashi Tharoor, industrialist Anil Ambani, and actors Priyanka Chopra, Salman Khan and Kamal Hassan, besides others — to spread awareness on cleanliness. An idea derived from the ALS Ice-Bucket Challenge, Modi asked the celebrities to nominate nine more people to join the campaign and hoped the chain would continue.
Interestingly, the names of Amitabh Bachchan and Lata Mangeshkar — both avowed admirers of Modi — were missing from the list of campaigners. And, Tendulkar, also a Rajya Sabha member, was in the news recently for not having enough time to attend the mandatory House sittings.
Others made part of the campaign on Thursday were Goa Governor Mridula Sinha, yoga guru Ramdev and the team of TV serial Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah. Modi also administered a pledge of remaining committed to the cause of cleanliness for the country to thousands of people, including school children and government employees, at Rajpath.
“I will remain committed towards cleanliness and devote time for it... I will neither litter nor let others litter,” pledged all those present at a function to mark the launch of the ‘Swachchh Bharat’ mission at India Gate.
Actor Aamir Khan also joined the PM in taking the pledge, along with Union ministers Nitin Gadkari and Venkaiah Naidu, and offered to become a brand ambassador for the campaign. Ambani said he was honoured to be part of the mission.
“I have invited nine people and asked them to come to public places and work towards a clean India. I ask them to invite nine more people too... I am sure these nine people will do the work and each will invite nine more to form a chain and clean the country,” Modi said.
The original ice-bucket challenge, where such a chain was created online, was designed to raise funds for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (also known as Lou Gehrig’s Disease and motor neurone disease), a global viral phenomenon
Modi also announced starting a campaign on cleanliness through social media, using his website MyGov.in and other such platforms, including a new website dedicated to the clean India campaign. All the people he has chosen for his team are those with big following on the social media.
The PM later joined children in a ‘Walkathon’ he flagged off at Rajpath. This was part of Modi’s steps for creating awareness on cleanliness.
Administering the pledge to countrymen on the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, Modi highlighted the cleanliness thrust of the Father of the Nation and said India must realise his unfulfilled dream of a clean country, by 2019, the year of Gandhi’s 150th birth anniversary.
“Mahatma Gandhi dreamt of an India that would not only be free but clean and developed. He secured freedom for ‘Mother India’. Now, it is our duty to serve her by keeping the country neat and clean,” said the first lines of the pledge.
Every individual present was asked to take a pledge to devote time for the cause of cleanliness. “I will devote 100 hours per year — that is two hours per week — to voluntary work for cleanliness. I will neither litter nor let others litter... I will initiate the quest for cleanliness with myself, my family, my locality, my village and my workplace. I believe the countries of the world that appear clean are so because their citizens do not indulge in littering, nor do they allow it to happen. With this firm belief, I will propagate the message of the Swachchh Bharat mission in villages and towns.”
The prime minister also exhorted people to encourage 100 others to take this pledge and try to make each devote 100 hours a year for cleanliness.
 
Similarity with campaign in Singapore
 
The PM’s campaign is strong reminiscent of a similar campaign for cleanliness launched by Singapore in 1968. Started by former Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew, the Keep Singapore Clean Campaign was one of the first campaigns launched by the government. The objective was to make Singapore the cleanest city in the region, in order to boost tourism and the attraction of foreign investment. 
 
The Keep Singapore Clean Campaign had a positive impact throughout the years, tackling many issues such as mosquitoes, pollution, inconsiderate littering, street hawkers and sanitation. Posters and banners were displayed, while seminars and spot checks were carried out. Competitions such as the cleanest offices, toilets, buses and taxis were organised. On the other hand, the dirties places were also named in the media so as to apply social pressure to their owners.
 
A decade-long campaign was also launched between 1977 and 1987 to clean up the Singapore River and the Kallang Basin. By the mid-eighties, most garbage in the waters was removed. The river was clean enough that a mass swim was organised in 1984.
 
From Broom to Groom
 
When the campaign was successful, the government began to address other cultural challenges. In 1970, the government began to strongly “discourage” male Singaporeans with long hair. Students were forced to go for haircuts, while immigration officers began to turn away visitors with long hairs and confiscate the passports of affected Singaporeans if they were going aboard.
 
The definition of “long hair” was finally determined in 1972, and became a government policy officially. Male civil servants who refused to cut their hairs short were sacked. Public who visited various government bodies were attended last in queues if they sported long hair.
 
Groups of long-haired men were rounded up by police. Japanese musician Kitaro and British rock band Led Zeppelin were not permitted to perform in Singapore. Bee Gees, however, were allowed to hold a  concert at the National Theatre in 1972, but were made to leave the country immediately after that.

State-owned oil firms to bid together for LNG blocks abroadState-owned oil firms to jointly source LNG from abroad
Kalpana Pathak | Mumbai Oct 03, 2014 12:47 AM IST
State-owned Indian Oil Corporation, Bharat Petroleum Corporation, Hindustan Petroleum Corporation and Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation have formed a consortium to source liquefied natural gas internationally.
Sources aware of the development said the consortium had shortlisted three-four assets in the US to bid for jointly.
"The companies have come together to bid for hydrocarbon assets and source LNG from international sources. It always makes sense to go together and bargain for assets instead of venturing out alone," said an official who did not wish to be named.
BPCL through its wholly owned subsidiary, Bharat Petro Resources Limited (BPRL), holds participating interests in 19 exploration blocks in consortiums with other companies. Of the blocks, eight are in India, seven in Brazil, and one each in Mozambique, Indonesia, Australia and East Timor.
BPRL's total holding is around 25,000 sq km of which about 88 per cent is offshore acreage. The company's gas blocks in Mozambique and Brazil are significant and BPCL will invest about $2 billion (Rs 12,000 crore) in them in the coming years.
"The share of the companies in the consortium will be equal. Bidding together will give financial power to the consortium," said an official.
"We are looking at booking capacities in LNG terminals. For our international business, we are looking for long-term gas and have signed an agreement with foreign players to import two million tonnes of gas," S Varadarajan, chairman and managing director of BPCL, had said earlier this month.
To boost exploration and production activities, IOC has incorporated Ind-OIL Overseas Ltd, a special purpose vehicle for acquisition of overseas assets, in partnership with Oil India Ltd.
IOC's portfolio so far comprises nine blocks in Libya, Iran, Gabon, Nigeria, Timor-Leste, Yemen and Venezuela. IOC is associated with two successful oil discoveries, one each in India and Iran. Commercial appraisal of these blocks is under way, the company states on its website. IOC has also farmed into an exploration block in Gabon, along with Oil India Ltd as the operator.
The Indian Oil-Oil India Ltd combine has acquired participating interest in a block in Nigeria. In consortium with Kuwait Energy and Medco Energi of Indonesia, it has also acquired a participating interest in two exploration blocks in Yemen. IOC has been awarded as part of a consortium Project-1 in the Carabobo heavy oil region of Venezuela.
HPCL, on it part, has stakes in the Cambay Basin onshore fields, the Sanganpur onshore fields and the South Rewa Basin onshore block.
GSPC holds working interests in 64 onshore and offshore exploration and production blocks, 53 in India and 11 in Australia, Egypt, Indonesia and Yemen. GSPC's key asset in India is the Deen Dayal field in the Krishna-Godavari basin located off the east coast of the Andhra Pradesh. Deen Dayal West is being developed for commercial production.
GSPC through its subsidiaries and associates, also operates the largest gas transmission and distribution network in Gujarat. Its subsidiary, Gujarat State Petronet Ltd, is a common carrier gas transmission company.
TO BID SMART
The consortium: Indian Oil Corporation, Bharat Petroleum Corporation, Hindustan Petroleum Corporation and Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation
 
19 Number of exploration blocks where BPCL holds participating interests through its wholly owned subsidiary Bharat Petro Resources Ltd. Of the blocks, eight are in India, seven in Brazil, and one each in Mozambique, Indonesia, Australia and East Timor
 
Special purpose vehicle: To boost exploration and production activities, IOC has incorporated Ind-OIL Overseas Ltd, a special purpose vehicle for acquisition of overseas assets, in partnership with Oil India
 
64 Number of onshore and offshore exploration and production blocks that GSPC holds working interests in. Of these, 53 are in India and 11 in Australia, Egypt, Indonesia and Yemen

http://usat.ly/1tlvYSNFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Honda piles six safety features into its new CR-V
Honda says its new "Honda Sensing" suite of safety technologies will lift its 2015 CR-V above competitors. USA TODAY's Chris Woodyard points out the most important.
Post to Facebook
Honda piles six safety features into its new CR-V Honda says its new "Honda Sensing" suite of safety technologies will lift its 2015 CR-V above competitors. USA TODAY's Chris Woodyard points out the most important. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vsm1Ye
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Honda piles six safety features into its new CR-V
Honda says its new "Honda Sensing" suite of safety technologies will lift its 2015 CR-V above competitors. USA TODAY's Chris Woodyard points out the most important. Leslie Smith, USA TODAY
More Videos:

India beat Iran to bag women s kabaddi gold at Asian Gamesprint
India’s most certain gold medal came at the very end, but the men’s kabaddi final was hardly a cakewalk. The team had to use all of its skill and experience to overcome a battling Iran 27-25 to clinch its seventh gold in a row in the event.
As the curtains came down on India’s Asian Games showing on Friday, the Indian women’s kabaddi team doubled the joy with a more convincing win over their opponents, Iran again, to retain their gold medal. But Incheon indicated that kabaddi may no longer be India’s preserve.
The double success on the penultimate day of the Games meant India finished eighth overall. The 11 gold medals are three less than in Guangzhou, China, four years ago — demonstrating again how India need to improve by leaps and bounds if they are to compete with the top teams. The top four — China, South Korea, Japan and Kazakhstan — are way ahead but it is a sobering thought that even Iran, Thailand and North Korea are better.
A men’s hockey gold after 16 years — that too with a victory over Pakistan — may count as the most satisfying moment for many. Yogeshwar Dutt’s wrestling gold, Mary Kom’s triumph in the ring and the gold medals won by discus thrower Seema Punia and shooter Jitu Rai all stand out.
So does boxer L Sarita Devi’s emotional protest against her defeat. The controversy tapered off somewhat on Friday with Sarita apologising for her behaviour on the podium. But she is set to be back in Korea next month for the world championships, and hopes the scoring will be fairer.

To take things forward  Modi will need support of his entire teamprint
If Narendra Modi’s triumphant visit to the United States was marked by a series of photo-ops, two stood out: The first was in New York’s Central Park, where the Indian prime minister made a visit to a high-profile citizens’ festival. To see Modi being greeted by Hollywood superstar Hugh Jackman amid a cheering crowd of 50,000 American youth seemed almost surreal. The crowd had come to listen to popular rock stars like Sting: They had discovered an Indian political pop idol instead.
“We are one, I salute you, may the force be with you,” said Modi in English to an audience which perhaps didn’t even know who he was but just liked the idea of a politician rubbing shoulders with icons of popular culture. If any proof was  needed as to why Modi strikes a chord with the young, Central Park provided ample evidence.
The second was at Madison Square Garden, where the atmosphere was truly electric. This was, of course, a more familiar crowd: Thousands of NRIs from Florida to California, New Jersey to Texas, had congregated at one of America’s most celebrated auditoriums to endorse and almost pay obeisance to an individual who was being projected as a larger than life Supreme Leader. Organised with trademark flair, this was event management par excellence: from the rotating stage to the 3D images, there was a ‘shock and awe’ element to the function that left you dazed.
What struck me though was that one moment when over 40 US Congressmen lined up on stage to greet the prime minister even as the hall reverberated to “Modi, Modi” chants. It was almost as if Capitol Hill had descended on New York to salute an Indian leader. With that one gesture, a decade of isolation and acrimony seemed to be set aside: America had discovered, or rather re-discovered Modi, the very politician they had denied a visa to in the aftermath of the 2002 Gujarat riots. It is a little-known fact but Modi spent an entire summer in the year 2000 in New York. This was a difficult period in his politics: He was accused of spreading factionalism and disaffection in the Himachal Pradesh and Haryana BJP units, which he was in charge of. Gujarat, which had seen four chief ministers in three years, was also out of bounds for him.
Almost pushed into near-exile, Modi found sympathy amid the non-resident Gujarati community and the Overseas Friends of the BJP. The bracing air of a New York summer proved so attractive that then Prime Minister AB Vajpayee on a State visit to the US had to remind him, “Narendrabhai, ab vaapas India chaliye!”
A friend also showed me a photograph of a youngish-looking Modi in the mid-1990s clicked just outside the White House. In a kurta-pajama with a jhola around his neck, he looks every inch an awestruck tourist standing outside the mighty gates of the US presidential house. Little would he have known then that one day he would be dining with the US president in the White House.
By all accounts then, Modi was a frequent visitor to the US through the years before he became Gujarat chief minister. He liked and admired the “American way of life”, the spirit of entrepreneurship and the work ethic. He had built enduring friendships with many of the non-resident Gujaratis who hosted him on his visits. Which is why the denial of a visa hurt him personally in a manner which he would perhaps scarcely admit readily. It was almost as if a country which he had looked up to had suddenly turned its back on him, almost as if a blossoming love affair had been suddenly interrupted by a dramatic change in circumstance.
Which is why the US visit was important for the prime minister to show that he had shaken off  the sense of hurt and moved on. To his credit, not once during his various meetings in the US did he rake up the visa issue. It reflected a welcome desire to look beyond past antagonisms and focus on the future. It was critical for the US too to not see Modi through the narrow prism of Hindutva politics, but through the mirror of a popularly elected leader who believes that “India’s business is business.”
In that sense, the future of the India-US relations will depend less on Washington and more on the government to business (G to B) ties, be it in a New York, or even in a San Francisco. Modi has long since recognised this. When Capitol Hill invoked an International Religious Freedom Act to deny him a visa, Modi began his ‘Vibrant Gujarat’ summits in 2005 to attract US businesses to his home state.
Business leaders were meant to send out the message to the political class that Gujarat was an attractive investment destination. It was Modi’s way of checkmating his critics who had politically ostracised him by tapping into America’s latent desire for wealth creation.
It is this “G to B” equation that Modi is likely to push in the months ahead with his “Make in India” mantra. It could become the centrepiece of his foreign policy initiatives, be it with Washington or Beijing or Tokyo. Which is why amid all the hype around his US visit, there was just one discordant note. A day before the prime minister arrived in New York, the city was hosting a big-ticket India Investors summit with leading global investors in attendance. The hosts had sent invitations to at least half a dozen Union ministers. Not a single minister was present, apparently because none of them were given permission to travel to the US.
 
Hopefully, the prime minister will realise that it will take more than just his personal image to sell the India Story. We need to see much more of Team Modi on show.
Rajdeep Sardesai is a senior journalist.
The views expressed by the author are personal.

JPMorgan: info on 76 mn households hit in data breachJPMorgan: info on 76 mn households hit in data breach
PTI
Tweet
New York, Oct 3:  
JPMorgan Chase has said that information such as names and addresses for 76 million household customers and seven million businesses was compromised in a data breach this summer.
But the largest US bank said that there was no evidence that critical account information such as account numbers, user identities or social security numbers were stolen by the hackers.
The bank “continues not to have seen any unusual customer fraud related to this incident,” JPMorgan said in a securities filing yesterday.
“JPMorgan Chase customers are not liable for unauthorised transactions on their account that they promptly alert the firm to,” the bank said.
JPMorgan said in August that it was cooperating with law-enforcement officials following reports that hackers believed to be from Russia broke into the bank’s computer systems. News reports at the time said other banks besides JPMorgan were targeted in the attack.
In August, the Federal Bureau of Investigations acknowledged that it and the US Secret Service were “working to determine the scope of recently reported cyber attacks against several American financial institutions.”
Yesterday, a person familiar with the FBI probe said the investigation “has made significant progress.”
The New York Times reported that JPMorgan was hit by hackers for a second time in three months. The report, citing people familiar with the probe, said the bank found that hackers from Italy or another part of southern Europe accessed bank servers.
But a JPMorgan spokeswoman called the report “false” and said that the bank is “not aware of any new attack.”
The case follows other huge data breaches at retailers Home Depot and Target. The Home Depot breach affected 56 million customer payment cards, while the Target breach affected credit card data for 40 million customers, plus personal and identification information for 70 million customers.
Other recent breaches have hit supermarket chain Albertsons, online retailer eBay, and hospital manager Community Health Systems.
US Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew and other top officials have highlighted cyberattacks as an increasing worry for financial institutions.
The issue has also spurred a new wave of investment, with cybersecurity companies like FireEye and Palo Alto Networks going public over the last couple of years.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Boxer Sarita Devi has offered unconditional apology: AIBABoxer Sarita Devi has offered unconditional apology: AIBA
PTI
Tweet
Lausanne, Oct 3:  
Facing the prospect of a ban, Indian boxer L Sarita Devi today offered an “unconditional apology” for refusing to accept her bronze medal during the Asian Games presentation ceremony, the International Boxing Association has said.
In a statement issued here, the International Boxing Association (AIBA) has said that the boxer has regretted her actions.
“The Head of the Indian Mission at the Incheon Asian Games 2014 Mr Adille J Sumariwalla has forwarded to the President of the International Boxing Association Dr Ching—Kuo Wu, a letter of apology of Woman boxer Sarita Laishram Devi (57—60kg) who had refused to receive the bronze medal at the Award Ceremony for the 17th Asian Games,” the AIBA said in a statement.
“Mrs Devi expressed ‘an unconditional apology’ for her ’emotional outburst’ at the ceremony yesterday, writing that ’I regret and apologise. Such an incident will never reoccur in the future’,” it added.
A disconsolate Sarita had refused to accept her bronze medal during the medal ceremony to protest her controversial semifinal loss to South Korean Jina Park. Sarita (60kg) had lost the bout despite dominating the proceedings.
AIBA had taken a strict view of her actions, saying that the “whole incident looked like a well planned scenario by her and her team, and it is regretful to watch a boxer refuse the medal regardless of what happened in the competition.”
Her medal was reinstated yesterday after a hearing by the Olympic Council of Asia during which the Indian delegation expressed regrets over the incident.
AIBA said the India’s chef-de-mission at the Asian Games, Sumariwalla, has claimed that the incident was not planned.
“The Head of the Indian Mission has furthermore asked the AIBA President to take into account this letter and the specific circumstances which led to such a ‘spontaneous kneejerk reaction’, which according to Mr Sumariwalla, was not ‘a planned effort’ of the Indian delegation,” the AIBA statement read.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Express 5: Al-Qaeda chief may be of Indian origin  India wins gold in Hockey in AsiadWe recommend you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 9:33 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 9:40 am
We recommend you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
1. New Al-Qaeda chief may be of Indian origin
India’s intelligence agencies have begun investigating information that the head of al-Qaeda’s new unit in the subcontinent is a former Uttar Pradesh resident
Read: Al-Qaeda chief in region may be of Indian origin: Intel agencies
2. Sixteen years jinx ends
India beat Pakistan 4-2 in the shoot-off — scores were 1-1 at the end of full time — at the Asian Games final here to win their first major hockey gold since 1998 in Bangkok — also the Asiad.
Read: India see off Pakistan in Asian Games hockey gold match, book ticket to Rio
3. An ‘invalid’ wedding
The police in Madhya Pradesh have declared a marriage between a Christian man and a Hindu woman invalid.
Read: Protests in MP after Christian weds Hindu, police declare marriage ‘invalid’
4. Opinion
There is a deep anachronism at the heart of India’s Northeast policy: the continuing reliance on archaic colonial-era institutions.
Read: Dividing line
5. Bollywood to poll-wood
Yo Yo Honey Singh, the controversial rapper, has been roped in by the party to campaign for it in the upcoming Assembly elections.

Helicopter hangers: Latest luxury-yacht trap...A Bell helicopter sits on a helipad on board the luxury yacht. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
PARIS/LONDON: To the super-rich, for whom time is a lot of money, the latest must-have luxury-yacht trapping is a helicopter hangar . Helicopters ferrying passengers to yachts moored in turquoise waters from the Mediterranean to the Caribbean are becoming commonplace.
Now, these floating palaces are being outfitted with built-in hangars so cruise aficionados can park their choppers onboard and make impromptu jaunts back to shore without the hassle of scheduling one.
"I recently had an appointment with a guy who was late because he got stuck on his nice fancy yacht near Cannes," Sebastien Moulin, regional manager for Europe at Bell Helicopter , said in an interview at the Monaco Yacht Show last week. "The sea was rough. With a helicopter he could have come any time he wanted."
Amidst the hundreds of super-yachts packed into Port Hercules for the annual Riviera trade fair, helicopter makers Bell and rival Airbus Helicopters showed off their wares. Vying for wealthy customers with little time and lots of cash, they say that within the growing corporate and private yacht market, a niche is developing for the regular use of the aircraft.
"Yachts are becoming much longer and can accommodate hangars," Mou lin said in the interview beside one of Bell's mod els perched on a 63 meter boat in the middle of the show. "The mar ket is very obviously changing."
Having a helicopter on board for ship-to-shore transfers is in addition to million-dollar ten ders -the smaller mo tor boats used and stow ed on super-yachts to ed on super-yachts to transport passengers.
Helicopter protection
Helicopter hangars are becoming more common because, at a cost of about $7 million for the twin-engine varieties, owners prefer to protect them from potentially damaging sea water and salty air as well as the rocking that comes with ocean swells.
The Haarlem, Netherlands-based builder Feadship Royal Dutch Shipyards first developed an on-board hangar for the 86-meter "Ecstasea" built a decade ago, according to a spokeswoman. More recently the shipyard delivered the 99-meter Madame Gu, also equipped with a hangar.
Easy access
Last month, Bell received an order from a Switzerland-based buyer to customise a twin-engine model with fold-able blades for easy stowage in a hangar under a super-yacht helipad, according to Moulin. The 103-meter yacht scheduled to be delivered in 2016 will be equipped with a specially-designed lift to move the helicopter into the hangar and secure it against rough seas.
"There are more and more yacht builders taking helicopter integration into consideration," said Frederic Lemos, head of business aviation and market ing in Europe at Airbus Helicopters, formerly Eurocopter.The unit of Airbus Group had its own chopper on display at the entrance of the show, trucked in from its base in Marseille.
"Ten years ago yachts were considered big if they measured 60 meters," Lemos said. "Now we are moving regularly into the range of 100 to 150 meters." It's difficult to evaluate the size of the helicopter-for-yachts market because the aircraft are often also used by owners for business and other types of leisure trips to ski resorts and country homes, according to sellers.
The business and private aviation segment of the market nearly doubled over the past decade and is growing "steadily" at about 6% annually, according to figures provided by Airbus Helicopters.At the end of last year it accounted for about 17% of the world's fleet and the outlook is for the sale of 10,500 models for business and private use in the next 20 years -potentially tripling the global fleet. "Helicopters make it easier to get to places that are crowded or hard to reach," Lemos said.

I represent all minorities  not just Muslims‘I represent all minorities, not just Muslims’
Mumbai |       October 3, 2014 10:35 am
Comments
By Rohit Alok
Tired of asking questions, Avinash Barve switched careers two years ago and moved from journalism to politics. Now, the All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen’s Kurla candidate says it was quite a natural transition.
In his five-year journalism career, he had worked in many print establishments including the Shiv Sena’s mouthpiece ‘Saamna’ for a year. Barve is a rare non-Muslim face for the Hyderabad-centred All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen, which is making its debut in the state elections this year and has fielded 26 candidates across the state.
Barve says, “I am the Dalit face for the party, not the non-Muslim. The aim of AIMIM is to work with all minorities who face problems, including Dalits and OBCs, or any other minority.”
Contesting his first election, Barve hopes to win since, he says,  the residents identify him as one of them.
On AIMIM’s strategy to target selective Muslim pockets, Ravi Yadav, the Kurla in-charge for  the party, says, “We are not targeting any particular community. We are a secular party.”
rohit.alok@expressindia.com

Turned away by former friends  Satej Patil banks on good workTurned away by former friends, Satej Patil banks on ‘good work’
Written by Nisha Nambiar | Pune |       October 3, 2014 10:30 am
Comments
Battling anti-incumbency and a party rebel who is now the BJP’s candidate and his main opponent, hope for Congress’s Kolhapur South Assembly nominee, Satej Patil, comes in the face of former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan who is the only leader tasked with pulling crowds for him in the run-up to the state elections.
But the Congress’ sitting MLA and a former minister of state, Patil, and his supporters, believe the “huge amount of work done in the last ten years and the complete utilisation of the Local Area Development fund for various public amenities” should also stand the leader in good stead.
At the tight end of things, however, stands Amal Mahadik, BJP’s recent acquisition from Congress and a leader who will find in Prime Minister Narendra Modi a formidable figure campaigning for him.
“With Modi set to hold a rally in Kolhapur, we believe BJP will definitely make a dent in the Congress’ bastion,” a BJP leader said, adding though Amal is a first-time nominee, his strong network in rural areas through Gokul milk dairy and his support from Zilla Parishad will help him considerably.
But with the recent parting of ways by both NCP-Congress and BJP-Shiv Sena coalition, Kolhapur South, too, just like other Assembly seats in the state, has become a free-for-all, making things more difficult for Patil and others.
Contesting for this seat third time in a row, Patil and his party workers had “expected” a significant show-up in the poll campaign from NCP’s sitting MP Dhananjay Mahadik, whom Patil had extensively supported in the Lok Sabha elections earlier this year, putting aside their earlier feud and defying his supporters who were against his decision to help Dhananjay, who, interestingly, is Amal’s cousin.
But with the recent split in alliances seemingly drawing the battle lines again and with Dhananjay not showing any signs of helping out Patil in the elections, the Congress has fallen back on its only reliable face, Chavan, and another party leader, Narayan Rane, to pull the crowds. Though the NCP has not fielded any candidate from Kolhapur South, Congress believes family relations will definitely play an upper hand (in Dhananjay’s decision on whether to support Patil or not), which leaves their leader to fight the battle on his own.
As for Amal, whose father Mahadev Mahadik (Congress MLC) has not openly extended support to his son but maintained he was “an individual on his own and free to take his decisions”, the campaign rests largely on the “Modi wave” and his desire to be “part of a change and overall development in the area.”

FB joins Apple; plots first steps into healt...Facebook joins Apple, Google; plots first step into healthcare
By Reuters | 3 Oct, 2014, 10.59AM IST
Facebook Inc already knows who your friends are and the kind of things that grab your attention. Soon, it could also know the state of your health.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: Facebook Inc already knows who your friends are and the kind of things that grab your attention. Soon, it could also know the state of your health.
On the heels of fellow Silicon Valley technology companies Apple Inc and Google Inc, Facebook is plotting its first steps into the fertile field of healthcare, said three people familiar with the matter. The people requested anonymity as the plans are still in development.
The company is exploring creating online "support communities" that would connect Facebook users suffering from various ailments. A small team is also considering new "preventative care" applications that would help people improve their lifestyles.
In recent months, the sources said, the social networking giant has been holding meetings with medical industry experts and entrepreneurs, and is setting up a research and development unit to test new health apps. Facebook is still in the idea-gathering stage, the people said.
Healthcare has historically been an area of interest for Facebook, but it has taken a backseat to more pressing products.
Recently, Facebook executives have come to realize that healthcare might work as a tool to increase engagement with the site.
One catalyst: the unexpected success of Facebook's "organ-donor status initative," introduced in 2012. The day that Facebook altered profile pages to allow members to specify their organ donor-status, 13,054 people registered to be organ donors online in the United States, a 21 fold increase over the daily average of 616 registrations, according to a June 2013 study published in the American Journal of Transplantation.
Separately, Facebook product teams noticed that people with chronic ailments such as diabetes would search the social networking site for advice, said one former Facebook insider. In addition, the proliferation of patient networks such as PatientsLikeMe demonstrate that people are increasingly comfortable sharing symptoms and treatment experiences online.
Chief executive Mark Zuckerberg may step up his personal involvement in health. Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan, a pediatric resident at University of California San Francisco, recently donated $5 million to the Ravenswood Health Center in East Palo Alto.
Any advertising built around the health initiatives would not be as targeted as it could be on television or other media. Pharmaceutical companies, for instance, are prohibited from using Facebook to promote the sale of prescription drugs, in part because of concerns surrounding disclosures.
Privacy concerns
Privacy, an area where the company has faced considerable criticism over the years, will likely prove a challenge. This week, the company apologized to users for manipulating news feeds for the purposes of research.
But Facebook may already have a few ideas to alleviate privacy concerns around its health initiatives. The company is considering rolling out its first health application quietly and under a different name, a source said. Market research commissioned by Facebook found that many of its users were unaware that photo-service Instagram is Facebook-owned, the source said.
Facebook's recent softening of its policy requiring users to go by their real names may also bolster the company's health plans. People with chronic conditions may prefer to use an alias when sharing their health experiences.
"I could see Facebook doing well with applications for lifestyle and wellness, but really sick patients with conditions like cancer aren't fooling around," said Frank Williams, chief executive of Evolent Health, a company that provides software and services to doctors and health systems.
People would need anonymity and an assurance that their data and comments wouldn't be shared with their online contacts, advertisers, or pharmaceutical companies, Williams said.
It remains unclear whether Facebook will moderate or curate the content shared in the support communities, or bring in outside medical experts to provide context.
Facebook declined to comment on its health care plans.

Protesters block Hong Kong government officesUpdated: October 3, 2014 22:51 IST
Beijing asserts itself on streets of Hong Kong
Atul Aneja
Tweet
AP A pro-democracy activist tent is being torn down in Kowloon's crowded Mong Kok district on Friday.
Reuters Protestors block a section of an avenue in front of the office of Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying in Hong Kong on Friday.
TOPICS
Hong Kong
Protesters first agree to talks but call them off as anti-Occupy forces storm their strongholds
Protests in Hong Kong seemed to be losing some momentum after crowds, opposed to the Occupy Central movement, made their presence felt on Friday, setting the stage for the government’s possible reassertion in the streets of one of Asia’s premier financial centres.
Tense stand-off
There were early signs of violence as anti-Occupy forces stormed the Mongkok area, one of the strongholds of the movement, leading to a tense stand-off that was barely contained by the police. Crowds opposed to the assemblage also thronged two other prime protest locations — Causeway Bay, a top shopping district; and Admiralty, where the office of Hong Kong’s Chief Executive (CE) Leung Chun-ying is located.
The assertion by the anti-Occupy forces followed signals that the Occupy Central Movement is flagging or, at least, may have entered review mode. Student protesters dropped one of their core demands — seeking Mr. Leung’s resignation — and agreed for talks.
An open letter by the Federation of Students was focused on the political aspect of the agitation — open nomination of candidates for the 2017 elections, rather than having contestants vetted by the Chinese authorities, for the CE’s post.
On Thursday night, Mr. Leung rejected the midnight ultimatum, given by the protesters, for his resignation. While he rejected the maximalist demand of the protesters, Mr. Leung kept open the door for a dialogue on other issues, nominating his deputy, Lam Woon-kwong, for the job.
Mr. Lam prefaced talks with an appeal that protesters should move their demonstrations to public parks away from the streets now that a “breakthrough” had been achieved.
“The best means is negotiation, not confrontation.” he said, refusing to compare the existing situation with the Tiananmen Square incident of June 1989, when tanks were moved in, as part of a mega-crackdown.
The prospects for the dialogue had brightened early on Friday, but it was unclear what impact the latest round of clashes later in the evening would have on the proposed talks and whether Occupy Central’s supporters would manage to regroup.
‘Illegal gatherings’
Nevertheless, the guidelines for the dialogue, from the government’s perspective, have been clarified. The People’s Daily, the official newspaper of the Chinese government, was explicit in stating in a commentary on Friday that the “illegal gatherings of the Occupy Central movement” are doomed to fail as “they challenge China’s supreme power organ and Hong Kong citizens’ democratic rights”.
It stressed that the protesters are attempting to “force the central authorities to change the decision made by the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress (NPC), China’s top legislature, on Hong Kong’s electoral system”.
“There is no room to make concessions on issues of important principles,” asserted the commentary. The daily made it plain that Hong Kong “is directly under the jurisdiction of the central government rather than a State or an independent political entity”.
The apparent reversal that the protesters seemed to have suffered also followed resentment among sections of the business community, as well as ordinary citizenry, inconvenienced by the chaos that that followed the Occupy Central movement.
Representatives of Small and Medium Enterprises (SME) point out that retail as well food and beverages business has taken a hit, including a 70 per cent drop in restaurant bookings.

RSS chief praises Modi govt for good governanceThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Itll take more than brooms to clean IndiaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Govt banking stocks crash 30-50%; Are markets finally doing a reality checkThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Google Likely To Test New Mobile Messaging App In IndiaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Mt educare expanding its business to other states in india.. fii`s wil...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Europe will trade 0.5 % up till dow opens.......then will gradually gi...307 Followers
molly...now I know why u five starred me in rei board!
that shift to oct puts immediately after sept expiry was a bit tricky for me due to high premium.
I am no longer worried after seeing sgx nifty figures on 2 and three.
any way I will encash my puts sometimes next week and then buy them again if they become weak due to a bounce back in nifty.
best wishes...do not stray in to rei agro...it is a king cobra that took many lives.

Relax mam   our nifty (7945) wil not fall that much   i expect max 250...New Member
2 Followers
Dear Anandji I didn`t understand whether my msgs are reaching u or not. Anyway wish u a very happy Dessera.
Sir I done a major mistake I sold stylam at 74.15 and I purchased grauer and weil at 17.60 but which is not in ur list. I am very much interested in shilpi because ur recomening 100s of time. please strictly advise me What can I do now. Now I am holding mm forgings 635 and ybranth 3000. pl advise me sir.
thank you so much.

On cam: Giant great white shark attacks anotherShark Vs Shark: Giant Great White Attacks Another Great White
by Barcroft TV 1:40 mins
1,117,300 views
Shark Vs Shark: Giant Great White Attacks Another Great White
by Barcroft TV 1:40 mins
1,117,300 views
A vicious great white shark bursts from the water to rip into another shark. The sensational moment was caught on camera by Adam Malski, 33, as the fish proved why it has the reputation of the ocean’s most fearsome predator.   Footage: Adam Malski, Producer: Nick Johnson, Editor: Kyle Waters.
Link

Make in India will be led by automobile sectorMake in India to be led by automobile, auto component sectors
2 Oct, 2014, 04.51AM IST
The Make in India story will, in all likelihood, be led by the automobile and auto component sector as this accounts for over 30% of the entire manufacturing sector in India.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Shekar Viswanathan
As the Make in India story unfolds, the road ahead for the automobile industry is fraught with both excitement and challenge. The Make in India story will, in all likelihood, be led by the automobile and auto component sector as this accounts for over 30% of the entire manufacturing sector in India. But the auto sector can't grow alone. It will need to be accompanied by growth in other manufacturing sectors, most importantly in the power sector.
The National Electric Mobility Mission Plan, the crash regulations, the auto fuel policy and the CAFE (corporate average fuel efficiency) norms are all at various stages of being rolled out. These are all designed to give the consumer more choice of alternate technology vehicles, safer vehicles, a cleaner environment and are aimed to bring India in line with the best of international practices, including of fair trade. All of these come at a cost. And who is going to pay for it? The auto industry or the consumer?
A key stakeholder in the Make in India story is the consumer. He will vote with his wallet in terms of the type of vehicle he buys, evaluate his access to alternate modes of transport, be influenced by peerbuying behaviour, and eventually compute the cost of ownership.
Clearly, the lower the cost of ownership, the greater will be the demand for personal transport, other things being equal. But then, other things are never equal.
There is poor control over the proliferation and sale of spurious parts hurting the economics of the auto business while endangering the consumer and devaluing the vehicle. The worst outcome is that the blame for defective vehicles as a result of fitment of spurious parts will more likely than not lie with the vehicle manufacturer.
But the auto sector also needs to reckon with the interest of other stakeholders, such as the government and the investor. It is no secret that the taxes paid by the consumer account for, on average, about 65% of the cost of a car -- excise duty, sales tax , road tax registration tax and other smaller levies.
Spare parts and fuel are also taxed and need to be factored into the cost of ownership.
The overall operating ecosystem needs to work to the advantage of the auto sector given its substantial employment-generating potential and its contribution to the manufacturing sector. The ecosystem includes the availability of quality power, the training and skilling of manpower, the certification of independent repair workshops, improvements in the logistics of vehicle and parts movement including costs and automated registration of vehicles. It is only when the enabling framework is put in place that capital will be attracted and rewarded. Swathes of the auto sector are currently unprofitable.
Any incremental burden being imposed on this sector, through additional taxes, penalties or levies either by the central or state governments, without the creation of an enabling environment will only retard the manufacturing sector's growth.
The writer is Director, Toyota Kirloskar Motor
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Opinion on Twitter Follow

Modis US trip a big publicity success  feels Kanwal SibalNarendra Modi’s US trip a big publicity success, feels Kanwal Sibal
2 Oct, 2014, 05.02AM IST
On other issues, whether nuclear cooperation, defence, security, terrorism, economic, no concrete announcements were made. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
An Indian PM's visit to the US is always a victim of media hype, in that the results have to meet raised expectations, often not rooted in reality. If Modi's visit to the US were to be seen as an occasion to bury the visa-denial affair, establish some personal rapport with Obama, discuss difficult issues face to face for better understanding of differences, assess the extent to which both sides can go to reduce them and identify areas where progress can be made, then it can be termed a success.
If the yardstick to measure the visit's success were to be major agreements on bilateral trade, economic, defence, security and multilateral issues, then lack of eye-catching results becomes pertinent. At their joint press briefing, Modi pointedly asked Obama to give easier access to Indian IT companies.
On other issues, whether nuclear cooperation, defence, security, terrorism, economic, no concrete announcements were made. In the joint statement essentially decisions to set up mechanisms to deal with knotty issues figured. In other words, breakthroughs have been postponed, not achieved. For instance, both sides "will facilitate" actions to increase trade five-fold.
They "pledged" to establish an Indo-US Investment Initiative and an Infrastructure Collaboration Platform to develop and finance infrastructure. India has "offered" US industry lead partnership in developing three smart cities. On the bitter WTO wrangle, the officials were "directed to consult urgently" on the next steps.
They "committed to work" through the Trade Policy Forum to promote an attractive business environment and to establish an annual high-level Intellectual Property (IP) Working Group with "appropriate" decision-making and technical-level meetings.
They "reaffirmed their commitment "to implement fully the U.S.-India nuclear deal and establish a Contact Group to advance this. They "stated their intention" to expand defence cooperation.
While deciding to renew for ten more years the 2005 Framework for the US-India Defence Relations, they rising tensions over maritime territorial disputes, especially in the South China Sea, is significant, as is exhorting all parties to avoid the use of force in advancing their claims.
In this connection the importance of the trilateral dialogue with Japan and explore holding it at Foreign Minister's level assume significance. Viewed differently, Modi's visit to the US was a huge publicity success for him and India. He electrified the Indian American community, his joint editorial with Obama was a coup and so was Obama's personal gesture to accompany him to the Martin Luther King memorial. Modi came across as self-assured and projected a confident India.
He stood his ground on difficult issues with the US, without feeling compelled to earn Obama's goodwill, consistent with his "India First" policy. This also means resolving problems with the US remain difficult, despite positive intentions.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Opinion on Twitter Follow

To boost Indo-US ties  PM has to transform business in IndiaBusiness
(Modi now has to return to…)
A penetrating remark of an American businessman summed up the impact of Narendra Modi's visit to the US: "There's lots of sizzle, but where's the steak?"
Now, prime ministerial visits should indeed create lots of sizzle. Modi proved a great orator and raised hopes of achhe din among US businessmen and politicians. But hardheaded Americans want doers, not talkers.
Modi now has to return to India and transform the business climate. Only then will the partnership flourish. If the sizzle is followed by drizzle, it will end in fizzle.
On the political side, there was no big bang change or breakthrough. Modi did not promise any change in India's nuclear liability clause, patents regime or WTO approach.
President Barack Obama did not promise any major change in visa rules. He is totally absorbed by West Asia, Ukraine, East Asia and domestic issues like healthcare and immigration, which may cause massive losses for his party in the coming congressional elections.
India is barely on his radar screen. The Modi-Obama statement was replete with friendly-but-mostly-humdrum clauses, showing incremental progress but no breakthroughs.
Modi tried to enthuse US CEOs to come and 'Make in India'. But the US is a post-industrial country, having shifted massively from manufacturing to services.
Its top companies are not in manufacturing but in brain-intensive areas like IT, R&D, retail and financial services. Many US companies in retail, financial services and patent-intensive areas find Indian rules discouraging or hostile (for patents). Modi showed no willingness to change these rules.
All top US companies have already come to India for software, BPO and other services.
But these do not entail large investments, and do not fit into Modi's 'Make in India' approach. The top US manufacturers like General Motors, General Electric, Ford, Cummins, John Deere, Proctor & Gamble, Colgate and Gillette are already in India.
Defence industries are interested in investing, but find Indian investment rules restrictive, and are dismayed by India's enormous delays (exemplified by former defence minister AK Anthony) in placing firm orders.
US business has, in recent years, turned against India, complaining of red tape, retroactive rules and taxes, corruption and unpredictable court judgements. It hopes Modi will change this.
India has slipped in the global competitiveness rankings of the World Economic Forum by 11 places to just 71st in the world, last of the five BRICS. The latest 'Doing Business' report of the World Bank shows India slipping from 131st position to 134th.
Four months of Modi rule have yet to yield any boom in orders for machinery or construction.
After two years of 4.5% growth, India will do 5.5% this year. That's an improvement, but miles from the 9% it used to do. Modi's honeymoon period will probably end by the next budget. He must deliver by then. Or else Americans will say he cannot walk the talk.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Court pulls up CBI for trying to segregate cases in coal scamCourt pulls up CBI for trying to segregate cases in coal scam
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 2, 2014  | 12:39 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
A special court on Wednesday pulled up the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for trying to segregate one of the cases arising out of the coal block allocation scam to keep it away from being tried by it and seeking its transfer to a regular court.
The court was anguished that the CBI, which itself had got the case transferred to it from the regular court by citing a Supreme Court order, was seeking re-transfer of the case against two government officials on the ground that it was different from those being monitored by the apex court.
Special Judge Bharat Parashar said it was strange that despite relying on the Supreme Court's July 25 order on setting up of Special Court for coalgate, the CBI prosecutor and the investigating officer (IO) have not gone through it and were making distinction between the cases probed by its two wings-anti-corruption unit and economic offences wing.
The CBI, during the proceedings, later withdrew its application for transfer of the case from the Special Court to the regular court.
The judge expressed his displeasure that the CBI sought to make its own categorisation of the cases without consulting the apex court appointed Special Public Prosecutor (SPP) RS Cheema, who has been authorised to examine documents relating to the scam.
"Have you (prosecutor) gone through the Supreme Court's order of July 25... The CBI is relying on the Supreme Court's order but you are saying you have not gone through it. This is strange," the judge observed and added, "You (CBI) are not preferring to talk to SPP appointed by the Supreme Court. The CBI has to take a stand." The remarks were made by the Special Judge as both the prosecutor and the IO replied in the negative to his question whether they have gone through the apex court order.

Why the upcoming assembly polls mean a lot to investorsYou are here: Home > Collections > Bjp
Why the upcoming assembly polls mean a lot to investor community
Ashutosh Shyam, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 06.19AM IST
Tags:
Assembly polls
(Some of the top brokerage…)
Investors are keenly awaiting the outcome of the upcoming assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana , especially after the BJP suffered a setback in the recent bypolls. Some of the top brokerage houses are advising their clients to use the potential market correction in the case of a further loss for the BJP as a buying opportunity, arguing that long-term earnings and growth trajectory are likely to stay intact.
In a recent note to its clients, multinational brokerage CLSA said, "Recent break-up of local alliances and lack of strong CM candidates are negatives for the BJP. A potential loss for the BJP will be a sentiment negative for the market, but it will not impact (Prime Minister Narendra) Modi's policymaking and the growth improvement trajectory remains intact.
Any potential dip after elections will be a buying opportunity."
The brokerage added, "While a loss for the BJP in either of the two states will be a sentimental negative for the market, the same does not take away from Modi's pro-growth policies."
Maharashtra and Haryana, where the Congress has been in power, together account for nearly 11% of the total seats in the lower house of Parliament. Of Maharashtra's 48 Lok Sabha seats, the BJP along with Shiv Sena won 42 while the BJP won seven out of the 10 seats in Haryana.
Even as the BJP has a majority on its own in the Lok Sabha, investors have been treading cautiously because successive defeats in state polls could increase pressure on the central government led by the party and potentially slow the reform process.
The BJP has been getting a higher vote share in national elections than in Maharashtra assembly elections. Having called off 25-year old ties with the Shiv Sena, the BJP has added to its challenges in the state where it does not have a strong chief ministerial candidate.
In Maharashtra, the BJP has secured a vote share of 21.2%, 22.6% and 18.2%, respectively, in the past three national elections while its vote share has been 14.5%, 13.7% and 14% in the past three assembly elections.
"Assembly poll outcome will determine the mind share of attention that the central government has been able to acquire.
If the outcome remains in sync with the Street, markets will unabatedly perceive the tough measures to improve financial health of the government and the fiscal deficit targets will remain unchanged. But if the poll outcome is unfavourable, the markets will focus on the state election outcome, which means slow reforms process," said a fund manager with a domestic mutual fund, requesting anonymity.
Investors can, however, look forward to the next set of assembly polls in Jammu & Kashmir and Jharkhand scheduled to take place in December. The next big electoral battle is scheduled to take place in Bihar in October 2015, giving the central government plenty of room to take politically tough political decisions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Foreign investors put in bids worth $1.45 billion for government bondsForeign investors put in bids worth $1.45 billion for government bonds
PTI Oct 1, 2014, 09.07PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(At the end of two-hour auction…)
MUMBAI: In a strong demand for government bonds, overseas investors have put in bids worth over USD 1.45 billion in an auction for debt securities valued at about USD 678 million.
The auction was held at BSE's ebidxchange platform for allocation of investment limits in government debt securities worth Rs 4,176 crore (USD 677.77 million.) The auction attracted bids for Rs 8,961 crore (USD 1.45 billion), as per the exchange.
At the end of two-hour auction this evening, as many as 76 bids were made in the auction, of which 31 were declared successful.
The debt auction quotas give overseas investors the right to invest in debt up to the limit purchased.
In the auction conducted by National Stock Exchange earlier this month, government bonds had attracted bids worth Rs 4,963 crore, as against securities valued Rs 3,117 crore on offer.
Foreign investors have put in over Rs 1.2 lakh crore in the debt market so far in 2014. The equity market has also seen similar trends with overseas fund inflows of over Rs 83,000 crore since the beginning of the year.
According to market experts, overseas investors have been pumping money in the country's debt market primarily on account of government's reforms agenda and the RBI's pledge to tame inflation.
As per norms, foreign investors can purchase up to USD 25 billion in government debt without restrictions. Exchanges initiate the auction mechanism once overseas investor reach 90 per cent of that limit.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rani Mukerji  Sushmita Sen and her daughter Alisah at Durga Puja celebrationsentertainment
Rani Mukerji, Sushmita Sen and her daughter Alisah at Durga Puja celebrations
Bengali beauties Ranu Mukerji and Sushmita Sen offered prayers to Goddess Durga as they visited puja pandals.
Actress Rani Mukerji, who is celebrating her first Durga Puja post her wedding, was festive in a red sari with a purple blouse and jewellery. She visited a pandal during her visit to Kolkata. (Source: PTI)
Former beauty queen Sushmita Sen visited a puja pandal in suburban Mumbai to celebrate Durga Puja. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The actress looked beautiful in a sari and was accompanied by her younger daughter Alisah. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sushmita gets a hug from daughter Alisah who was pretty in a pink dress. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Mother-daughter-duo Sushmita and Alisah flash wide smiles for the cameras. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sushmita Sen performs the necessary rituals. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The papparazi made sure to capture Sushmita's every move. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sushmita Sen distributes prasad. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The actress carries a plate of fruits as offering. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

China warns Hong Kong protesters of  unimaginable consequencesPrint
London, Oct 02 (ANI): China's Communist Party has warned Hong Kong protesters of "unimaginable consequences" if they continue with their pro-democracy demonstrations.
According to The Independent, the threat made in the party-run People's Daily shows the diminishing patience of the Chinese government toward protesters who have threatened to occupy government buildings unless the city's chief executive, Leung Chun-Ying, resigns immediately.
The country's State TV ran an editorial urging people to support the government's efforts to "deploy police enforcement decisively" and "restore the social order in Hong Kong as soon as possible".
During the 65th anniversary celebration of the People's Republic of China, Leung said at a flag-raising ceremony that the country was hopeful that all sectors of the community will work with the government in a peaceful, lawful, rational and pragmatic manner and make a big step forward in its constitutional development.
Rights groups are claiming that the Chinese authorities have detained over a dozen activists across the country and questioned as many as 60 others for expressing support for pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong.
Since the dramatic escalation of the protests last Sunday, several Chinese citizens have reportedly faced reprisals for voicing their support, the Express Tribune quoted the overseas-based advocacy group China Human Rights Defenders (CHRD), as saying.
New York-based Amnesty International put the detention figure higher, saying at least 20 have been detained and another 60 called in for questioning.
The group called on Chinese authorities to release all those being detained for peacefully expressing their support for the protesters in Hong Kong.
Those detained include activist Wang Long, the CHRD said. (ANI)
Recommend

Fiscal deficit target  challenging  but  achievable : CitiFiscal deficit target 'challenging' but 'achievable': Citi
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, October 2:  
Government's fiscal deficit target of Rs 5.31 lakh crore is 'challenging' but 'achievable' thanks to lower crude oil prices and their impact on the subsidy bill, says a Citigroup report.
Fiscal deficit, the gap between government expenditure and revenue, could be contained at budgeted levels with better manoeuvrability on the expenditure front along with the focus on disinvestment, Citigroup said in a research note.
"While slow growth in tax revenues does make the fiscal deficit target challenging this year, we believe that better manoeuvrability on the expenditure front coupled with the government's focus on disinvestments and non-tax revenues (higher dividend pay-outs) could allow government to contain fiscal deficit at budgeted 4.1 per cent levels," it said.
According to official figures, fiscal deficit touched 74.9 per cent of the Budget Estimates for 2014-15 to cross Rs 3.97 lakh crore at the end of August.
At the end of August in 2013-14 fiscal, the deficit was 74.6 per cent of the Budget Estimates (BE).
"While weak tax revenue growth is a concern, lower crude prices and their impact on the subsidy bill may enable the government meet its budgeted fiscal target of Rs 5.31 lakh crore or 4.1 per cent of GDP," the report said.
The report noted that over the medium term, sustained fiscal reforms with respect to fuel subsidy, GST, expenditure commission review would be key to achieve meaningful fiscal consolidation.
"Fiscal consolidation would not only support sovereign ratings but could also help contain inflationary pressures," the report said.
For entire 2014-15, fiscal deficit for the whole fiscal has been pegged at Rs 5.31 lakh crore or 4.1 per cent of GDP.
The government had put in place a fiscal consolidation roadmap as per which the fiscal deficit has to be brought down to 3 per cent of the GDP by 2016-17.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

India win Asiad hockey gold  book Rio berthIndia win Asian Games hockey gold, book Rio berth
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS India Private Limited/Yahoo India News –  Thu 2 Oct, 2014
Print
Incheon, Oct 2 (IANS) Goalkeeper P.R. Sreejesh was the show stopper in the 17th Asian Games hockey final making two brilliant saves in the shoot-outs to give India a 4-2 win via penalties against arch-rivals and defending champions Pakistan, that ended 16-year wait for the gold medal, at the Seonhak Hockey Stadium here Thursday thus gaining a direct entry into the 2016 Rio Olympics.
Sreejesh blocked two Pakistan's strike in the shoot-outs after the regulation play yielded 1-1 tie as two-time champions India won the gold after 16 years and also were rewarded with a berth for the 2016 Rio Olympics.
With both teams looking at breaching each other's defence early, it was Pakistan who were successful in the third minute of the game when they penetrated the Indian defence as Muhammad Rizwan Sr. scored for his team. While the Indians had the early set-back, it did not deter them to get into action and attack. The entire first quarter saw the Indians create many scoring opportunities but were unable to convert.
India got their equaliser through Kothajit Singh's deflection in the 27th minute. It stunned the Pakistan team as they had successfully kept the Indians from scoring in almost the entire 2nd quarter.
Later on, both the teams on numerous occasions came close to break the deadlock but failed to do so, stretching the game into shoot-outs.
Akashdeep Singh took the first strike in the penalty Shoot-Out and netted the ball successfully, giving India the initial lead. Pakistan's Abdul Khan looked confident but was unable to pass through Sreejesh, which got Pakistan on the back foot. Set-piece specialist Rupinderpal Singh scored effortlessly, giving India a 2-0 lead as Muhammad Waqas made it 1-2 for Pakistan.
Manpreet Singh failed to convert India's third strike, giving a breather to Pakistan. But goalkeeper Sreejesh yet again stepped up to foil Muhammad Umar's effort.
Defender Birendra Lakra scored the third goal to give India a formidable 3-1 advantage which was reduced to 2-3 when veteran Pakistan striker Shafqat Rasool converted his team's fourth chances.
Indian mid-fielder Dharamvir Singh brilliantly scored the last strike to seal it for India with a 4-2 scoreline triggering wild celebrations in the stadium.
It was after 32 years that both India and Pakistan were facing off in the Asian Games final. The last time when the neighbours faced in the 1982 Asian Games final, India were humiliated 1-7 in Delhi.
Pakistan are the most accomplished team in the Asian Games, having won eight gold medals since 1958.
Recommend

After losing WhatsApp to FB  Google to launch its own mobile messaging appYou are here: Home > Collections > Google
Google planning to launch own mobile messaging app similar to WhatsApp
Jayadevan PK, ET Bureau Oct 3, 2014, 06.38AM IST
Tags:
Facebook
(Google reportedly made…)
BANGALORE: After losing WhatsApp to Facebook in a multibillion dollar acquisition bid, Google is planning to launch its own mobile messaging app which the search giant is likely to test in India and other emerging markets. Last month, Google sent top product manager Nikhyl Singhal to India to do a recce of the messaging app ecosystem in the country as the company looks to catch up on an opportunity it lost to others.
The Google messenger is in early stages of development and is likely to be launched in 2015, sources aware of the plans said. A Google spokesperson, however, declined to comment. Google reportedly made an offer of over $10 billion (Rs 60,000 crore) to buy Whatsapp, the instant messaging app which was ultimately bought by Facebook for $19 billion Rs 1.2 lakh crore) in one of the largest technology deals.
Singhal, who is a product management director for Hangouts, Photos, Google+ core & Platform, is also touring other countries in Asia Pacific to understand local ecosystems better.
Unlike other Google products, the messenger will not force users to use their Google login. The company is also considering loalising the product by adding Indian language support and voiceto-text messaging. The messenger will also be free to use. WhatsApp, which will be its biggest competitor, has a freemium model where it charges Rs 53 annually after one year.
With the launch of its Android One initiative, which sought to bring together hardware vendors to sell affordable smartphones, India is increasingly becoming a testing ground for Google. In an interview with ET last month, top Google executive Sun-dar Pichai said the company wants to do more India specific launches because of the scale and scope of the market.
India is expected to become the world's second-largest smartphone market after China by 2019. For Google, the move comes a little late as other instant messengers like Viber, WeChat and Line have also created sizeable user bases.
"Google would agree that it missed social and missed social on mobile. But then Facebook had to buy WhatsApp and Instagram for the same reason," said Benedict Evans, former mobile analyst and a partner at Andreessen Horowitz in an email to ET.India is one of the fastest-growing markets for instant messaging applications. Of the 600 million WhatsApp users, 65 million are in India.
Similarly, Line has over 18 million registered users, Viber is targeting 30 million users by the year end and homegrown messenger Hike claims over 35 million registered users. WeChat doesn't share country specific data but globally, it has over 438 million monthly active users.
"Around four years ago, there were at least close to 15 messaging apps with over 1 million daily active users and that didn't include Whatsapp," said Aakrit Vaish, who quit his job at mobile analytics company Flurry to launch Haptik, an instant messaging-based app that answers customer queries.
Haptik, which raised $1 million (Rs 6 crore) venture capital funds last month, saw over 100,000 customer queries in less than 15 days on the app. "It also helps because it is free," said Vaish.
Mobile connections in India will grow to 815 million in 2014, up 8% from last year, according to Gartner which counted the growing appetite for over the top voice services (data based) as one of the 'biggest challenges' faced by Indian mobile operators.
FEATURED ARTICLES

HK protesters prepare for worse  HK leader says he won t resignThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Asian shares slip  protests hit Hong KongThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hang Seng slide continues amid HK protestDollar and stocks jump after US jobs data
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f4055378-4aaa-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HK student protesters agree to talks; leader refuses to quitHong Kong leader refuses to resign but offers talks with protesters
Reuters
Reuters Protesters block the entrance of Hong Kong's Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying's office in Hong Kong, October 3, 2014.
Hong Kong, Oct 3:  
Hong Kong leader Leung Chun-ying agreed on Friday to open talks with pro-democracy protesters but he and his Chinese government backers made clear that they would not back down in the face of the city's worst unrest in decades.
Leung refused to bow to an ultimatum from protesters to resign and repeated police warnings of serious consequences should they try to block off or occupy government buildings.
He told reporters just minutes before the ultimatum expired at midnight that Chief Secretary Carrie Lam would meet students soon to discuss political reforms, but gave no timeframe.
In turmoil
Protesters voice anger, ponder next moves
Hong Kong leader rejects ultimatum, refuses to resign
China says protests "doomed to fail"
Main Hong Kong government building closed for the day
Tens of thousands have taken to Hong Kong's streets in the past week to demand full democracy, including a free voting system when they come to choose a new leader in 2017. However, numbers dwindled considerably at one protest site as Hong Kong people returned to work after a two-day holiday.
The protests have ebbed and flowed since last Sunday when police used pepper spray, tear gas and baton charges to break up the demonstrations, which are the biggest since the former British colony was handed back to Chinese rule in 1997.
China rules Hong Kong through a "one country, two systems" formula underpinned by a "Basic Law", which accords Hong Kong some autonomy and freedoms not enjoyed on the mainland and has universal suffrage as an eventual goal.
Beijing, however, decreed on August 31 it would vet candidates who want to run for chief executive at an election in 2017, angering democracy activists who took to the streets.
While Leung made an apparent concession by offering talks, Beijing restated its resolute opposition to the protests and a completely free vote in Hong Kong.
"For a few consecutive days, some people have been making trouble in Hong Kong, stirring up illegal assemblies in the name of seeking 'real universal suffrage'," China's official People's Daily said in a front-page commentary on Friday.
"Such acts have outrightly violated the Basic Law, Hong Kong's law, as well as the principle of the rule of law, and they are doomed to fail," the commentary warned.
Thousands of protesters had gathered outside Leung's office in central Hong Kong in anticipation of the ultimatum, but were disappointed when Leung stood firm.
Their numbers fell to hundreds as the sun rose on Friday and Hong Kongers prepared to go back to work after a two-day holiday. Protesters prevented two trucks from delivering supplies for about 100 police guarding Leung's office.
The stand-off outside Leung's office was peaceful but police condemned protesters for blocking food, water and medical supplies for officers and said in a statement they would take "appropriate measures" if they did not stop immediately.
In a statement, Leung's office also described the blockade of pedestrian pathways outside as "serious illegal" activity.
There were also signs of tension between the protesters and government employees trying to go back to work.
"I need to go to work. I'm a cleaner. Why do you have to block me from going to work?" said one woman as she quarrelled with protesters. "You don't need to earn a living but I do."
The government later declared its main office building closed for the day, with workers going to secondary sites.
Other protest sites in the Central business district and in the densely packed Mong Kok residential district were quiet. The number of protesters in the luxury shopping area of Causeway Bay fell sharply to about 100, with police removing barricades that demonstrators had placed across some streets.
Protesters there called to each other to say they should regroup in the area around Leung's office later on Friday.
DISAPPOINTMENT, SUSPICION
Some protesters suspect authorities are trying to buy time with their offer of talks to wait for numbers to dwindle.
"I hope the chief executive can stop siding with Beijing and do one thing for Hong Kong people," Martin Lee, founding chairman of Hong Kong's Democratic Party, told protesters.
"He should go to Beijing and say 'I cannot really continue to run this place unless you give Hong Kong people what they deserve and what you have promised."
The protests so far have been an amalgam of students, activists from the "Occupy" movement and ordinary Hong Kongers. They have come together under the banner of "Umbrella Revolution", so called because many of them used umbrellas to ward off pepper spray used by police on Sunday.
Some now fear that the lack of any clear leadership could prove to be a telling weakness for the disparate groups.
"We are worrying the movement will lose steam without a clear leader leading. We are worrying that people will go back to normal like nothing has happened," said protester Kenneth Mok, 22, a civil engineering graduate.
Benny Tai, who began the "Occupy Central" movement, said there were different groups but their goals were the same. Tai also welcomed the chance for talks with chief secretary Lam.
"We hope that we all can make use of this space to have a good dialogue to solve the current situation," Tai told reporters near Leung's headquarters.
Asia trading hub at a standstill
The protests have brought parts of the Asian trading hub to a standstill. ANZ economists sent out a research note on Friday estimating that the protests may have cost retailers HK$2.2 billion ($283.5 million) so far, with retailers of luxury goods, cosmetics and consumer durables hardest hit.
The "Occupy Central" movement presents one of the biggest political challenges for Beijing since it violently crushed pro-democracy protests in and around Tiananmen Square in 1989.
Cracking down too hard could shake confidence in market-driven Hong Kong, which has a separate legal system from the rest of the country, but not reacting firmly enough could embolden dissidents in mainland China.
Hong Kong's benchmark share index, the Hang Seng, plunged 7.3 per cent in September, in part because of the uncertainty surrounding the protests. It was down 1 percent on Friday, echoing falls in global markets. Spooked by the protests, some banks and other financial firms have begun moving staff to back-up premises on the outskirts of the city.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Asian stocks kept in check by HK unrest  US jobs next testAsian stocks shake off early blues, dollar pins hopes on jobs data
Reuters
Tweet
Sydney, Oct 3:  
Asian stocks steadied on Friday as Hong Kong shares rebounded from multi-month lows but they were still on track for a fourth straight week of losses amid worries about global growth.
Uncertainty about US nonfarm payrolls data due later in the day contributed to a volatile session as did lower volumes with several major centres, including India and China, shut for public holidays.
Fastfacts
Asian stocks edge up as Hong Kong stocks bounce off lows
Hong Kong unrest, U.S. nonfarm payrolls in focus
Dollar bulls count on a pick up in hiring
European stocks poised for rebound after Thursday's drop
German markets are closed for a holiday as well, but other European bourses looked set to rebound after Thursday's sharp drop.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rose 0.66 per cent, but is still down more than 1 per cent so far this week. It has fallen about 7.8 per cent in the last four weeks, marking its worst performance in over a year.
Tokyo's Nikkei climbed 0.3 per cent, while Australia's S&P/ASX 200 index gained 0.4 per cent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 0.8 per cent, turning around from a fall of more than 1 per cent earlier in the session.
"As we went into today, there was a risk this was going to happen. Traders were saying there was a bit of value in the market...today calmer heads prevailed," said Chris Weston, chief market strategist at IG.
ECB disasppoints, growth worries
The rebound in Asian stocks came even after the European Central Bank disappointed investors on Thursday by giving no hints of an imminent sovereign bond buying program.
Markets were further underwhelmed on Friday after a survey showed growth in China's services sector eased last month.
Growth worries particularly in the euro zone and China, geo-political risks as well as concerns about the effects of the Federal Reserve unwinding its massive stimulus have all conspired to unsettle global equity markets in recent weeks.
They have also driven the US dollar to a four-year high against a basket of major currencies as markets bet the Federal Reserve will hike interest rates well before the ECB and Bank of Japan.
Dollar index
The dollar index was last at 85.793, not far from the peak of 86.218 set earlier in the week. Against the yen, the dollar fetched 108.92, having reached a 6-year high of 110.09 on Wednesday. The euro traded at $1.2647, near a two-year trough of $1.2571 plumbed on Tuesday.
Dollar bulls are counting on the US jobs report to show employers stepped up hiring in September. Economists polled by Reuters expect payrolls rose by 215,000, up from a disappointing 142,000 in August. The jobless rate is seen staying at 6.1 percent.
Any disappointment in the numbers, due at 1230 GMT, could prompt investors to take profits on long dollar positions.
Investors were also keeping a wary eye on developments in Hong Kong, whose leader Leung Chun-ying defied pro-democracy protesters' demands to step down by Friday.
Leung repeated police warnings that the consequences would be serious if protesters sought to surround or occupy government buildings.
However, Chief Secretary Carrie Lam is to hold a meeting with students soon to discuss political reforms, although no timeframe has been announced.
The combination of growth worries, geopolitical risks and a stronger U.S. dollar have taken a toll on commodity prices.
Copper traded at $6,653 a tone, having plumbed a five-month low of $6,600 overnight. Oil prices wallowed at two-year lows, with Brent crude at $93.81 a barrel.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Four hawkers mowed to death in Patna after brakefailurePrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Posted: October 3, 2014 10:42 am
Four hawkers were mowed to death by car at Phulwarisharif, Patna early on Friday. Police said the accident took place after the car brakes failed.
The accident took place at around 4 am when an Indica Car ran over four hawkers, including a woman, near Mahavir Cancer Institute at Phulwarisharif. One person was also injured in the accident.
Patna Senior Superintendent of Police Manu Maharaj told The Indian Express: “It was an accident after brakes failed. It was not case of drunken driving. The car was moving at normal speed, but the driver could not control the car from going sideways”. The four accident victims died on the way to the hospital.
The SSP said the police had detained the car driver. He added four-wheelers had not been plying through pandal routes for last two days. The route on which the accident took place was the main link road to NH 30.

I represent all minorities  not justMuslims‘I represent all minorities, not just Muslims’
Mumbai |       October 3, 2014 10:35 am
Comments
By Rohit Alok
Tired of asking questions, Avinash Barve switched careers two years ago and moved from journalism to politics. Now, the All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen’s Kurla candidate says it was quite a natural transition.
In his five-year journalism career, he had worked in many print establishments including the Shiv Sena’s mouthpiece ‘Saamna’ for a year. Barve is a rare non-Muslim face for the Hyderabad-centred All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen, which is making its debut in the state elections this year and has fielded 26 candidates across the state.
Barve says, “I am the Dalit face for the party, not the non-Muslim. The aim of AIMIM is to work with all minorities who face problems, including Dalits and OBCs, or any other minority.”
Contesting his first election, Barve hopes to win since, he says,  the residents identify him as one of them.
On AIMIM’s strategy to target selective Muslim pockets, Ravi Yadav, the Kurla in-charge for  the party, says, “We are not targeting any particular community. We are a secular party.”
rohit.alok@expressindia.com

Asiad: Men s kabaddi team wins gold | Eves t...Asiad gold
(The Indian team, which has…)
INCHEON: The Indian men's kabaddi team clinched its seventh successive gold medal at the Asian Games after coming from behind to beat a spirited Iran 27-25 in the summit clash here today.
The Indian team, which has been winning gold ever since the sport was introduced on the Asiad roster in 1990, was given a massive scare by Iran, who had finished runners-up in the 2010 edition as well.
The Iranians took a massive 10-point lead in the first 20 minutes before the Indians got their act together to nullify the deficit and edge past in the closing few minutes of the match.
In fact, the Indians managed to take a lead only in the 37th minute of the match.
FEATURED ARTICLES

LIVE: Modi s  Mann ki Baat  on RadioUpdated: October 3, 2014 11:40 IST
Modi goes on AIR
Reuters Prime Minister Narendra Modi
He said he plans to hold regular radio chats with the country on Sundays at 11 am.
11.13 am: I am really glad to chat with you. Convey to me your ideas and I will share it on my next 'Mann ki Baat'.
I am really happy to be talking to you on the Radio. I can reach all of you through Radio, especially our poor, the villages: PM
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) October 3, 2014
11.12 am: Will meet you again on Sunday at 11 am, PM Modi says.
Today is the start. In future too I will keep talking to you on the Radio. It will be on a Sunday at 11:00 AM: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) October 3, 2014
11.11 am: "Come let's all serve for the country. Send me your suggestions and I will take it."
11.10 am: This is the people's country. Everyone should suggest for the development: PM Modi
This nation belongs to everyone. It is important for people to be a part of the development journey: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) October 3, 2014
11: 09 am: Many contact me through email, twitter and other social media. A suggestion on Twitter: Some special schems should be made for Specially abled child in corporations and other government
11: 07 am: Modi talks about the 'Clean India' campaign.
Let us pledge to affirm to remove dirt. Yesterday we began the Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan & I want you all to join this Abhiyaan: PM
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) October 3, 2014
11: 05 am: Follow Gandhi, buy khadi products, says Modi
If you buy Khadi you light the lamp of prosperity in the house of a poor person: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) October 3, 2014
11: 05 am: We have great strength. we need to identify our strength
We have to understand ourselves better and integrate our strengths. We are not lacking in strength: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) October 3, 2014
Modi's interaction on Radio
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) October 3, 2014
10: 50 am: Prasar Bharati has made arrangements for the broadcast to be made available across the Medium Wave, Short Wave and FM networks of AIR, Vividh Bharati and local radio stations which together reached 99.2 per cent of the country’s population.
RELATED NEWS

Delhi revels in the spirit of Durga PujaJharkhand elections: Sonia Gandhi urges people of Daltonganj to vote for Congress
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

MARKET-HOLIDAY-MUMBAIThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

China services PMI dips to eight-month low in SeptemberThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

PM Narendra Modi s radio address: top highlightsClean India, buy khadi: PM tells citizens in radio address
Agencies | New Delhi Oct 03, 2014 12:05 PM IST
In his first radio address, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today urged citizens to join the Clean India campaign and purchase khadi products to help out poor families. 
Sharing his thoughts in the radio address, titled 'Man ki baat', the Prime Minister said "if we buy one item, it could be a bedsheet, a handkerchief, or anything, but a khadi item, it would help light a lamp in a poor family's house."
 
He also asked people to join the Clean India campaign.
"Let us pledge to remove dirt. Yesterday, we began the Clean India campaign and I want you all to join this campaign," the Prime Minister said.
 
"This Vijaya Dashmi, let us win over dirtiness around us," he added after greeting people on the occasion of Vijaya Dashmi.
 
Promising to make the radio broadcast a regular affair, Modi invited ideas from the citizens and said he will work on the ideas he has already got that include skill development and schemes for differently abled children. 
 
"I'll try to speak to you twice a month on Sunday at 11 am," he said.
Saying that it is important for the people to be a part of the development journey, Modi said that if everyone takes one step forward, the country will take 125 crore steps forward.
 
In his 15-minute address, Modi said, "You know, our scientists have undertaken the Mars mission successfully at minimum expenses. There is nothing lacking in our capabilities. We only need to recognise our internal strengths." 
 

Shah Rukh Khan: Im weak-hearted  not judgemental aboutothersShah Rukh Khan will soon don the hat of a judge.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 3, 2014 11:35 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 12:11 pm
Bollywood ‘badshah’ Shah Rukh Khan prefers to avoid being judgemental about others. He says he doesn’t like to judge shows and competitions because he considers himself “weak-hearted”.
The actor, along with the team of his forthcoming film ‘Happy New Year’, will soon don the hat of a judge for a one-of-a-kind reality show ‘Dil Se Naachein Indiawaale’, to be aired October 11 on Zee TV. It’s a promotional initiative for his film, but that doesn’t change the fact that SRK hates to judge.
“I am very weak-hearted. I’m a bad judge and I’m not judgmental about others,” Shah Rukh said during a press conference here Thursday.
As part of “Dil Se Naachein…”, Shah Rukh, along with his “Happy New Year” team, will go on a multi-city tour, visiting Mumbai, Delhi, Indore and Ahmedabad in search of ‘happy dancers’. They will be judging these dancers based on their zest and ability to spread happiness.
“I feel people who have the jazbaa (zest), those who can perform on the stage in front of thousands and lakhs of people uninhibitedly and entertain them without thinking of the complexities and technicalities of the art…will be great. I’m not a good judge. I will keep giving ten on ten,” Shah Rukh said.
He narrated an incident of his past experience as a judge of a beauty queen pageant.
“I asked Waheeda Rehman-ji to tell me the marks she was giving, because I couldn’t judge them (the contestants).
“I avoid judging shows and I would rather go and tell everyone that ‘you’re doing very well’ because it has happened with me. I don’t have too much talent, but people have always given me ten on ten,” said the actor, who made a successful transition from TV to films.
His forthcoming movie is a heist drama, also starring Deepika Padukone, Abhishek Bachchan, Boman Irani, Sonu Sood and Vivaan Shah. Directed by Farah Khan, the film will be Bollywood’s big Diwali release this year.

RSS chief praises Modi govt for goodgovernanceBhagwat said people should give some more time to the government for expedition and efficient execution of its policies.
Written by Vivek Deshpande | Nagpur | Posted: October 3, 2014 11:29 am | Updated: October 4, 2014 2:39 am
Complimenting the new (Narendra Modi) government at the Centre for “taking some policy initiatives in national interest on the fronts of economy, national security, international relations and many other areas in a very short period of six months”, RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat has called for a model of development based on the Swadeshi ideas propagated by many Indian socio-political leaders.
“Positive signs are emanating from time to time which give hope of emergence of Bharat on international horizon and it appears that the people’s desire of a life secure and progressing in all its aspects will soon start reflecting in the governance.
“The government should now ensure that these policies maintain the momentum in a determined and well-organised manner We must give the government some time to do more. It doesn’t have a magic wand in its hand.
“But we mustn’t forget that security and well-being last only when the country becomes self-reliant,” Bhagwat said, addressing a gathering on the occasion of Vijayadashmi here on Saturday.
“The new policy-makers should also take best advantage of vision and experience of great leaders like Swami Vivekanand, Yogi Arvind, Swami Ramtirth, Tagore, Tilak, Gandhi, Netaji Bose, Sawarkar, Ambedkar, Vinoba Bhave, Lohia, Golwalkar, Jaiprakash Narayan and Deendayal Upadhyaya to evolve a suitable development model,” Bhagwat said.
Without naming the RSS, Bhagwat stressed the role of socio-cultural organisations, saying, “history has shown that mere political power can’t bring about desired changes. In a democratic system, the government gains tremendously from their (organisations’) activism, awareness and maturity and hence the governement must keep its dialogue with them going.”
Bhagwat also stressed use of Swadeshi products and more number of youths joining armed forces.
Stressing the importance of “values” in society, Bhagwat even called for “government check on tendency of visual and print media to offer programmes and advertisement degrading morality in society” along with the society itself raising the bar in observing them in day-to-day conduct. “The families should make it a point to have their dinner together and engage in discussion on issues other than cricket, films and politics,” he added.
Bhagwat called for a “Bharat which preserves all pluralities of the universe and is capable of preserving itself as anexample of integration.”
“ISIS is result of oil greed, Naxalism of exploitation”
Referring to ISIS terror, Bhagwat blamed it on the hunger of the West to control oil in Islamic countries. “What we are witnessing today is the same old single-minded, materialistic, consumerist and a self-centred ideology at work in overt or covert forms. It is this self-centred collective greed that gives rise to exploitation, suppression, violation and fanaticism. Precisely, operating on the basis of such self-interest by Western countries is responsible for the new incarnation of terror and fundamentalism in West Asia in the form of ISIS,” Bhagwat observed.
About Naxalism, Bhagwat reiterated his view that exploitation is providing cannon fodder for Naxal guns.

Moto 360 comes on Flipkart for Rs17 999Moto 360 works on Android Wear
Tech Desk | Posted: October 3, 2014 11:19 am | Updated: October 4, 2014 11:41 am
The Moto 360 has become available on Flipkart from Friday at Rs 17,999.
With a classic wristwatch design, this new Android Wear device will be compatible with most smartphones running Android 4.3 and above.
The round display watch can show notifications and other information on the wrist. Despite the touchscreen, voice will be the primary mode of transaction with the watch. Just say “Ok Google” and you can send texts, set a reminder, check the weather, and even ask for directions.
A mailer from the company said the Moto 360 will initially be in limited stock with more stocks coming in after a fortnight.
Compatibility: Smartphones running Android 4.3 or higher (check compatibility at g.co/WearCheck)
Operating system: Android Wear
Display: 1.5” 320 x 290, 205ppi; Backlit LCD; Corning Gorilla Glass 3
Weight: 49g
Battery: 320mAh (All day with mixed use) — Wireless charging with charging dock included
Processor: TI OMAP™ 3
Memory: 4GB internal storage + 512MB RAM
Connectivity: Bluetooth 4.0

After 5 months of treatment  rabies survivor out ofhospitalThe recovery of the 16-year-old is a miracle. (Express)
Written by Tanbir Dhaliwal | Chandigrah | Posted: October 3, 2014 11:04 am
He can’t speak coherently but makes noises to grab the attention of his father, smiles when he listens to music and responds to people around. Hira Singh, the second survivor of rabies in the country in recent years, is stable. After five months of treatment at the Western Command Hospital, Chandimandir, he was discharged on Thursday.
The recovery of the 16-year-old from rabies is a miracle which has grabbed the attention of researchers from across India and abroad.
No one knows what has worked. Was it his good immune response? Sheer luck? The treatment and dedication of the treating doctors and staff at the command hospital? Or all of this put together?
On March 25, Hira was bitten by the family’s pet dog. “He was taking the dog for a walk when it bit him on the hand. The same night, I took the child to a dispensary where he was given the first dose of anti-rabies vaccine,” said Joga Singh, the father, who is an ex-serviceman.
“For one month, he was fine. In the meantime, he was given four doses of anti-rabies vaccine. Then he started complaining of numbness in the legs and after three days, that is on April 29, he slipped into coma,” recalled Joga.
The parents took him to a hospital in Amritsar where he was diagnosed with rabies. With this revelation, the behaviour of the hospital staff changed.
“It was inhuman. They treated my child like an untouchable. One of the hospital’s staff told us to take the child away, otherwise they would throw him out of the hospital,” the father said.
On May 8, the child was shifted to the command hospital in a critical comatose stage.
The doctors sent the samples for the verification of rabies to the National Institute of Mental Health and Neurological Sciences (NIMHANS) and consulted experts across India. But they did not sit back waiting for the results, and immediately started the treatment for symptom.
In 10-odd days, Hira came out of the coma. Now he does not need ventilator and breathes on his own. He has started chewing food and put on two kilograms of weight in the last two weeks.
But the road ahead is long and uncertain. Hira is partially paralysed and the disease has affected his brain. Joga has been told his recovery will be gradual and will take two to three years.
“It is the sheer dedication of these doctors that has saved my son. I had lost all hope. My child might not become normal like others, but I am happy that I am taking him back home alive,” said a happy father.
The team of treating doctors included neurologist Col F M H Ahmad, cardiologist Brig N Aggarwal, nephrologist Col R Nair, endocrinologist Lt Col Hari Kumar, and chest specialist Lt Col V Dutta.

Hindu-Muslim girls unite to organise DurgaPujaPress Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: October 3, 2014 10:54 am
As a symbol of Hindu-Muslim unity, a group of girls from both the religions are organising a Durga Puja inside a shelter home for trafficked women here.
Rescued earlier this year after being trafficked to Mumbai from West Bengal’s Murshidabad, two Muslim girls are not only taking part in the festivities at NGO Sanlaap’s shelter home in Narendrapur, but are also worshipping the goddess of power and cooking the ‘bhog’ that would be offered to the deity.
Following all the traditions, 23-year-old Shabana Begum (name changed) wakes up early each morning during all days of the ‘Navratri’ and spearheads the puja preparations for the day. She fasts till ‘anjali’ is offered to Goddess Durga.
“I had been to Durga Puja pandals before but never participated in it. This is the first experience for me where I am doing it by following all rituals and traditions. We are enjoying it and have accepted it as one of our festivals,” she said.
Besides her, there are around 20 other girls, mostly followers of Islam, who decorated the pandal and are taking care of daily activities.
Sanlaap director Indrani Sinha says the Hindu priest was also surprised when he found Muslim girls cooking the ‘prasad’ that is offered to the Goddess.
“Durga puja is not just religious but it is also a part of our cultural traditions. The festival has also become a part of our process to rehabilitate and integrate them into the mainstream society. It helps the inmates in building bonds with each other and the whole shelter home becomes like a family,” she says.
At present around 133 girls are staying in the shelter home for girls who have been trafficked, rescued from prostitution and other vulnerable girls.
Chandranath Nag, in-charge of the centre, says when girls see the idol of Durga killing the buffalo-demon ‘Mahishasura’ they get motivated thinking that they can also fight the evil forces in their own lives.
“It is very symbolic for them as they have been trafficked and now they can fight for their rights. Our Durga Puja is about empowering them,” he points out.
Just like Durga Puja, all inmates come together to celebrate Eid, Christmas and all other festivals.

Coke Zero sells 1L cans in 13 days in India; marks highest sale on e-commerce platformAmazon
(Besides Amazon.in, the…)
NEW DELHI: Coke Zero, Coca-Cola's zero sugar beverage, which was launched only on e-commerce platform Amazon.in for two weeks before it goes into mass retail, crossed 1 lakh cans in sales in 13 days on October 1.
This is the highest sale for beverages on e-commerce platforms in the country and indicates how consumption choices among Indians are clearly turning towards low-sugar drinks in line with global trends in most developed markets.
"The consumer's response to Coca-Cola Zero pre-bookings on Amazon.in shows their preference for the brand's taste and also that they are willing to try newer mediums of commerce even for traditional products like soft drinks," said a spokesperson for Coca-Cola's bottling partner, Hindustan Coca-Cola Beverages, in response to an email query.
Besides Amazon.in, the zero sugar drink, which has $1 billion in global sales, is being sold exclusively through Subway restaurants, Inox theatres and Reliance Fresh stores in the first two weeks of its debut.
Though colas are traditionally impulse-purchase products and food and beverage firms don't have a big presence on e-commerce platforms yet, the category is gradually making inroads online. Rival PepsiCo on Wednesday announced on its website that it plans to roll out Pepsi True, made with sugar and stevia, this month on Amazon. com in the US.
Coca-Cola India president Venkatesh Kini had announced at the launch event a fortnight ago that Coke Zero complements the firm's sparkling portfolio and leverages its manufacturing capacities. He denied the new product would cannibalise Diet Coke.
"Across markets, we have observed that Coke Zero complements Diet Coke because their tastes and consumers they target are very different," Kini said. An email sent to Amazon's spokesperson elicited no response till the time of going to print.
Coca-Cola Zero is available in 300 ml slim cans, 400 ml PET bottles and 600 ml PET at the same price points as regular Coca-Cola. It is priced at Rs 30 for 300 ml cans and Rs 35 for a 600 ml PET bottle. Coca-Cola Zero will be manufactured at 10 plants, belonging jointly to the company and franchise partner Moon Beverages.
Amazon is stepping up its presence in the packaged foods and beverages space. While Coca-Cola products are retailed in more than 2.2 million retail outlets, it opted to sell the product exclusively on Amazon, leaving out its own portal Coke2Home.com.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lets win over dirtiness this Vijaya Dashmi: ModiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

NSA discusses counter-terrorism with top US officialsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

WhatsApp May Face Competition From Google SoonThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

I have committed a mistake regarding agm.as per the new company law al...98 Followers
Reposted about 51 days 5 hrs 36 min 56 sec ago by mkh24
There are two reasons for low price of ROLTA .Firstly ROLTA is having heavy debt to the tune of Rs 2458.91 cr where as MIND TREE is having very very marginal debt of Rs 2.70 cr.Secondly subscribed capital of ROLTA is Rs 161.33 cr and equity capital of MIND TREE is Rs 41.70 cr only Hence EPS  wll be much more for MIND TREE and low P/E.ROLTAS profit is eaten by way of interest.A good price can be expected  only after reducing their huge debt. Management has to find out the ways and means to solve this vital issue.

Three reasons for avoiding tilaknagar; 1] govt regulations fetch...Three Reasons for Avoiding TILAKNAGAR;
1] Govt Regulations fetching negative sentiments for stock.
2] Technically stock is a buy above 58 only.
3] Valine has given a buy call (My obsevation is that, whenever Valine gives a intraday buy call in small and mid cap stocks the stocks correct badly in coming days; However valine is a very good Tech Call  giver for day trading and position calls too)
Else try your luck and buy. Me too waiting to jump above 58 only above 58
11.54 AM Oct 3rd

200 points up on the hang sang.......from 300 downs......just want to ...Platinum Member
23 Followers
I  THINK when markets open on tuesday,it will slip initially but any good news may take it up on closing.chances are it will be choppy n drag it down.no positive news at the moment.syria n iraq are two dragging factors.
7.37 PM Oct 3rd

Rupee closes 14 paise higher at 61.61Rupee closes 14 paise higher at 61.61
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Oct 01, 2014 07:02 PM IST
Recovering from nearly seven-month low level, the rupee today closed 14 paise higher at 61.61 against the US currency amid fresh dollar selling by exporters and some banks ahead of long weekend holidays.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced lower at 61.92 and immediately touched a low of 61.95, a level not seen since March 4, 2014 when it had logged an intra-day low of 62.15.
Later, a sudden dollar selling by exporters and some banks pushed the rupee up to a high of 61.58, before settling at 61.61, a net rise of 14 paise or 0.23% from its previous close.
Yesterday, it had plunged by 22 paise or 0.36 pct.
Meanwhile, the BSE benchmark Sensex closed down by 62.52 points or 0.23% in lacklustre trade, while FPIs/FIIs withdrew $25.50 million yesterday, as per Sebi data.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group, said: "Today rupee tried to recover from yesterday's fall ahead of the five-day holidays.... Most Asian currencies traded weak against the dollar as it continues to trade at four-year highs.... The rupee posted its fourth weekly fall in a row."
In forward market, premium ended steady to better on stray payments from banks and corporates.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in March closed stable at its overnight level of 234.5-236.5 while far-forward contracts maturing in September, 2015 edged up to 473.5-475.5 paise from 472.5-474.5 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 61.7511 and for the euro at 77.9546.
The rupee improved further against the pound to 99.72 from previous close of 99.91 and also strengthened to 77.56 per euro from 77.68. It hardened to 56.05 per 100 Japanese yen from 56.24.
The forex and money markets will remain closed on October 2, 3 and 6 on account of Mahatma Gandhi Jayanthi, Dussehra and Bakri Id.

Wipro  HCL Tech likely to bid for CSC if it splits opsIndian IT firms like Wipro, HCL Tech likely to bid for CSC if it splits operations
ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 10.59AM IST
Tags:
CSC
(CSC, which reported nearly…)
BANGALORE: Indian information technology companies, including Wipro and HCL Technologies, could bid for Computer Science Corp if the US-based IT company splits its public sector and commercial operations before putting itself up for sale. Senior executives at both Noida-based HCL Technologies and Bangalore-based Wipro said they could "consider" the commercial business of Computer Science Corp as it will help them scale up their presence in the United States and Europe.
"Local data centres and existing IT infrastructure business can make for a risky, but good asset to buy—we will surely consider if it's split," said an executive at one of the top five Indian software firms. CSC has infrastructure business contributing 35% to its topline while global business services, including application services and consulting, account for 34% while the North American public sector brings the remaining 31%.
"If the business is split, HCL should be the favourite," said a Mumbai-based analyst at a domestic brokerage, adding hat the company's own application delivery business has not seen much traction and a buyout should help the company. CSC, which reported nearly $13 billion (Rs 80,000 crore) in revenues last fiscal, has reportedly reached out to private equity group, Blackstone and Bain Capital to gauge this interest in management-led buyout, Bloomberg reported on Tuesday. ET independently could not confirm if the company will split its commercial business operations from those of the government contracts. Both Bain Capital and Blackstone declined to comment while an email sent to CSC remained unanswered. Last year, CSC stitched a deal with country's fourth-largest IT firm HCL Technologies under which the two firms aim to modernise applications run by their customers. The addressable market for applications services totaled $210 billion in 2014, according to Gartner's 2014 Market Forecast for IT Services. Some experts, however, remain scepti cal if the company's efforts in the two years are enough to entice interest from suitors.
"The company has made efforts to transform its traditional consulting and outsourcing business and is embracing an operating model relying a lot more on software assets and platformbased delivery models," said Frederic Giron, VP and research director, Forrester Research.
"But this is still the beginning of the journey and the transformation will require a lot more freedom of operation. Hence the idea of LBO (leveraged buyout), which would make sense taking the company private—similar to what Dell did." Giron said the public sector chunk had about $4 billion in annual revenues.
"I believe Indian centric firms are interested in different types of acquisitions: software assets like Trizetto, targeted continental Europe presence like Alti, and potentially some digital capabilities."
To be sure, twice in the past - 2006 and last year - management at CSC has tried to find buyers for the company but a deal could not be reached. The company, which employs nearly 79,000 employees and counts the US government as one of its 2,500 clients, ended last year with Rs 4,250 crore in cash.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Microsoft India  NIIT tie up to offer technology courses to womenMicrosoft India, NIIT tie up to offer technology courses to women
ET Bureau Oct 1, 2014, 04.36PM IST
Tags:
Cloud computing
(Through its 500 centres…)
NEW DELHI: Microsoft India and NIIT have joined hands to offer technology courses for women through the 'Women in Tech' initiative. Through its 500 centres across the country, NIIT will train and certify women in the latest Microsoft technologies. A semester, of two to three months' duration, will cost Rs 7000 to Rs 10000.
"For a short period, we will also be offering scholarships to encourage women and girls to take up this course. We have kept aside Rs 5 crore for this," says Vijay Thadani , chief executive officer, NIIT.
NIIT is also looking at introducing various career options in IT to girls aged between 13 and 15 years through its IT wizard workshops in 4,000 schools. "We are looking at creating a pipeline of 1 million women that will be skilled in technology," Thadani said. Through this initiative, NIIT is looking at imparting technical skills and even mentoring the women who apply for the course.
"This programme will help encourage more women to join the workforce. Globally, women constitute 40% of the workforce, whie in India, there are only 23% women in the workforce," says Alison Cunard, general manager of Microsoft Learning. Microsoft has recently announced plans to train and mentor one million women students, IT professionals and entrepreneurs in the next 12 months.
FEATURED ARTICLES

In Mysore  the gods must be crazyBigg Boss 8
Mysore Dasara: Up close with Jamboo Savari
On the last day of the Mysore Dasara festival (Vijaya Dasami), a grand procession is held in the streets of the city. Known as Jamboo Savari, it starts at Mysore Palace, where the royal Wodeyar couple (the king is now deceased) and other dignitaries including the Chief Minister of Karnataka perform puja (rituals) to seeking the blessings of Goddess Chamundeswari. The Goddess is placed on a golden hood (mantapa) or howdah on a specially chosen elephant.
The Dasara Jumboo Savari sees the elephant accompany a group of other elephants along with decorated horses, stately coaches, troops in ceremonial uniforms, folk dancers and colorful floats. These pass through major roads in Mysore before terminating the procession at Bannimantap (a locality in Mysore). Bannimantap is the place where the khejri or banni tree (Prosopis spicigera) is worshipped.
According to a legend in the Mahabharata, the Pandavas used the banni tree to hide their arms during their one-year period of Agnatavasa (living life incognito). Before undertaking any warfare, the kings traditionally worshipped this tree to help them emerge victorious in the war.
The Dasara festivities culminate on the night of Vijaya Dasami. The culminating event, a torch-light parade known as Panjina Kavayatthu, is held in the grounds at Bannimantap. There is also a fireworks display in the grounds for a visual treat.
At the Mysore Dasara celebrations in 2013, photographer ANISH MURALI crept behind the barricades, snuck under the noses of the security personnel and often came within spitting distance of the animals, dancers and performers.
Connect with Anish on Facebook and Flickr
Share your own Dasara photos on Flickr
Elephants at the Jamboo Savari
1 / 30
Yahoo Lifestyle | Photo by Anish Murali / Flickr
Fri 26 Sep, 2014 11:30 AM IST

MF Assets Rise to Record-high of Rs 10.6 Lakh Crore in Q2Why Hindalco, Sesa Sterlite Have Jumped Over 3%
New Delhi: Improved market sentiments helped mutual funds' assets under management (AUM) soar 7.2 per cent to a record-high of Rs 10.6 lakh crore in the second quarter of the current fiscal.
The country's 45 fund houses together had an average AUM of Rs 10.58 lakh crore during July-September quarter of 2014-15, up from Rs 9.87 lakh crore in the preceding three months, thus, registering a gain of over Rs 71,000 crore, or 7.2 per cent, says the latest data available with Association of Mutual Funds in India (AMFI).
The AUMs had crossed Rs 10 lakh crore-mark for the first time in May, when the markets went up after the General Elections result.
Industry experts said the quarterly rise in AUM is largely on account of gains in equity markets. Besides, retail participation in equity schemes has increased significantly during the recent months.
HDFC Mutual Fund (MF) has retained its top position with an average AUM of Rs 1.41 lakh crore, a surge in asset base by about nine per cent, while ICICI Prudential MF saw its asset base grow by eight per cent to Rs 1.27 lakh crore during the period.
In the top league, HDFC MF and ICICI Pru are followed by Reliance MF (Rs 1.22 lakh crore) Birla Sunlife (Rs 1.02 lakh crore) and UTI MF (Rs 83,250 crore) in terms of average AUM in the first quarter of 2014-15.
Mutual fund is an investment vehicle that is made up of a pool of funds collected from many investors for the purpose of investing in securities such as stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
Story first published on: October 02, 2014 14:28 (IST)

Shahid Kapoor s  Haider  box office collections sans magicE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Red Cross worker killed in Donetsk shellingRed Cross worker killed in Donetsk shelling
By Stefan Wagstyl in Berlin and Roman Olearchyk in Kiev
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/43ae781c-4a21-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Austrian Volksbanken to wind itself downBailed out Austrian Volksbanken to wind itself down
By James Shotter in Vienna
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ef2c9600-4a59-11e4-b8bc-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Snowden  Malala  Pope tipped for 2014 Nobel ...Whistleblower Edward Snowden, Malala Yousafzai, Pope Francis tipped for 2014 Nobel prizes
By AFP | 3 Oct, 2014, 08.41AM IST
Nobel prize season starts Monday with speculation rife that the peace prize could go to Edward Snowden, Pak girls' education campaigner Malala, or Pope Francis.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
STOCKHOLM: Nobel prize season starts Monday with speculation rife that the peace prize could go to US whistleblower Edward Snowden , Pakistani girls' education campaigner Malala Yousafzai, or perhaps Pope Francis.
Last year, the physics prize awarded to Peter Higgs and Francois Englert for the Higgs particle was widely predicted, but Nobel pundits and bookmakers tend to focus more on who will get the prestigious peace and literature awards.
This year saw a record 278 peace prize nominations and, while the list is secret, some names have been revealed by their sponsors, including US whistleblower Edward Snowden, who was nominated by two Norwegian members of parliament.
Kristian Berg Harpviken, director of the Peace Research Institute Oslo (PRIO) is one of few experts to publish an annual shortlist of likely winners, even if he has yet to predict one accurately.
This year he ranked Snowden second place -- behind Pope Francis -- for exposing the extent of US electronic surveillance. However, he acknowledged that the former intelligence analyst would be a controversial choice as "many continue to see him as a traitor and a criminal".
Nonetheless the five members of the Nobel Committee could award Snowden -- considered a fugitive by the US and living in exile in Russia -- to "underline the independence of the Nobel Committee" from the Norwegian and US authorities, according to Nobeliana.com, a website run by leading Norwegian Nobel historians.
Others have rubbished the Snowden speculation. "It would be really courageous to give it to Snowden," Robert Haardh, head of Stockholm-based Civil Rights Defenders told AFP.
"But judging from the past, I can't see that coming. It's too controversial -- and Scandinavians are too fond of the (United) States."
Pope Francis -- topping bookmaker Paddy Power's list with 9/4 odds -- would be another controversial choice.
"The massively unjust global distribution of wealth is detrimental to peace... Pope Francis has brought attention to the fate of the poor, and the need for a new approach to development and economic redistribution," according to the PRIO director's prediction.
Critics point out that a papal Nobel would cause a similar outcry to US President Barack Obama's 2009 Nobel -- less than a year into his presidency -- which led to complaints that he was awarded for potential good deeds in the future rather than anything he had achieved.
Other favourites, also tipped last year, were 17-year-old Malala Yousafzai -- the Pakistani activist for girls' right to education who was wounded by the Taliban in 2012 -- and Congolese doctor Denis Mukwege.
The Nobel could also go to a champion of democracy and human rights in Russia, such as the opposition newspaper Novaya Gazeta -- co-founded by Mikhail Gorbachev in 1993 with part of his peace prize money -- or to human rights activist Ales Bialiatski from the Russian-backed dictatorship Belarus.
"This year has been marked by a lot of drama. It can mean the list will look different," Harpviken told Norwegian news agency NTB, adding that he believed the committee would search for a laureate linked to major upheavals and conflicts of the last year.
"But that does not necessarily mean that they will find any," he added, echoing the view of several analysts that the ongoing wars in the Middle East and Ukraine do not easily lend themselves to a peace prize.
Page 1 of 2

Movie review: Vishal Bhardwaj s Haider is a rare Bollywood gem you must watchCast: Shahid Kapoor, Tabu, Kay Kay Menon, Irrfan Khan, Shraddha Kapoor
Director: Vishal Bhardwaj
Rating: 4/5
Vishal Bhardwaj's Haider goes where Bollywood rarely treads: the movie based on William Shakespeare's Hamlet goes beyond clichés on Kashmir and its characters aren't trying to be entertaining.
Haider
The movie tells the story of Haider (Shahid) who finds out that his peace-loving, life-saving doctor father (Narendra Jha) has been arrested by the Indian Army. He returns from Aligarh (where he was studying poetry, a passion he shares with his father) to realise that his mother (Tabu) and uncle (Kay Kay Menon) are behind a conspiracy that resulted in his father's disappearance.
We have seen in Maqbool and Omkara how wonderfully Bhardwaj takes up the bard's plays and weaves them passionately into a completely different cultural milieu. With Haider, Vishal does better. The film paints Kashmir in a haunting colour, so true to the troubles there. The usual whites and dark hues of frames are there in the Valley (usual in cinematic sense when you portray dark emotions) but even the colourful frames blaringly outline the feelings of revengeful, hurt and disturbed souls.
Bhardwaj and Kashmiri journalist Basharat Peer co-wrote the film's screenplay and they must be praised for their courage to speak strongly about what is happening in Kashmir. Haider goes beyond Bollywood's Pakistan bashing for Kashmir's troubles and speaks about the alleged atrocities of the Indian Army on Kashmiris. Haider jokes about 'chutzpah'--pronounced as 'chootspaa' in the movie--and equates it to AFSPA (Armed Forces Special Powers Act, the security law which gives armed forces immunity from prosecution while operating in the militancy-hit areas but has been criticised by human rights groups).
As for performances, Vishal Bhardwaj brings out the best of Shahid Kapoor and Shraddha Kapoor, a journalist in the movie. Shahid looks a little out of place in the beginning but the traumatic role rubs onto him with time. Shahid's acting in Haider could well undo his several Bollywood mistakes (read Phata Poster Nikhla Hero and the likes).
Movie review: Haider is intense, disturbing, and not your regular Bollywood movie
Tabu plays the role of a traumatised and hurt soul who is searching for peace and love wonderfully. Kay Kay Menon is mesmerising with his menacing and conniving looks. Narendra Jha is impressive as the doctor who in his bid to save lives ends up being branded as a militancy supporter. Even the smallest of characters, faces that appear just for a shot, impress you as much as the actors with full-fledged roles. In one scene, Shahid meets an old woman at a government office where they have both come searching for their missing family members. The woman shows the picture of a young man and Shahid shows his father's picture: the traumatised-and-caring look on the woman's face as she touches Shahid's head is striking.
Also read: Watch Shahid, the bruised soul in Haider
Bhardwaj picks the drama of human follies from Shakespeare's works and places them in a completely different scenario, but he stays true to the emotions of the bard's works. The director ensures that the emotions of a troubled soul (Haider), subtle sexual undertones of the mother-son duo relation, the eternal human follies of treachery and adultery are showcased on the canvas of his cinema.
The music and background score go hand-in-hand with the narrative and scaringly haunt you throughout. The romantic number Khul Kabhi To seems a bit misplaced and is distracting. The ending to the song, however, brings you back to the traumatised cinematic experience that Haider is.
Watch the film for Vishal Bhardwaj's direction, dialogues and touching acting prowess that almost everyone in Haider shows. Skip it if an intense, disturbing film is not your cup of tea or if entertainment is what you seek at movie theatres.
Follow the author Twitter/SwetaKaushal.

We Indians are coloured by our own prejudiceWe Indians are coloured by our own prejudice
Hindustan Times
print
India is a racist country in every sense of the term. We discriminate not only against foreigners (god help those who have darker skin tones) but even our own. Ask a woman from the North-East about the reception she gets when she negotiates the streets of Delhi — supposedly a cosmopolitan city — and you will know that Article 14 of the Constitution, which deals with the Right to Equality, doesn’t exist in many parts of the Capital. The latest example of such uncouth and parochial behaviour was on full public display in the Delhi Metro recently: Three African men were thrashed by an angry mob inside the Rajiv Chowk metro station, one of the busiest in the urban transport network, after a woman allegedly complained that the trio had passed some lewd remarks at her. However, she did not register a complaint with the police.
In any civilised nation, such an allegation would have led to only one reaction: The accused would have been taken to the police, a complaint would have been registered and then the law would have been allowed to take its own course. In Delhi, of course, the rules of the game are different, as the mobile camera footage of the incident clearly shows: The three men were cornered (just like it is done when a wild animal strays into a city) and attacked with whatever the mob could lay their hands on. In the mobile footage, which is available on YouTube, the hooligans could be seen jeering at the defenceless trio, who were inside a Delhi Police booth. People were egging on the attackers and shouting ‘Bharat Mata Ki Jai’. However, no Delhi Police or Central Industrial Security Force personnel, who are in charge of the Delhi Metro’s security, were available to save the three. By attacking the foreigners and not allowing the police to do their duty, the self-styled custodians of the law have only shamed the ‘Bharat’ they are so keen to represent and defend against ‘outsiders’.
However, when Indians are at the receiving end of aggressive racism outside the country, we are the first ones to cry hoarse about such ugly behaviour being meted out to our citizens. When actor Shah Rukh Khan was frisked by the US immigration authorities, we called it racial profiling, and the incident almost led to a diplomatic crisis. A couple of years ago, when Indian students were beaten up in Australia, we went ballistic about how cruel Australian society is. There were several calls for diplomatic ostracism and a boycott of Australian universities. But do we really have any moral authority to demand such behaviour from others when we are so unabashedly racist?
Watch: African men get beaten up at a metro station in Delhi

Narendra Modi s  Swachh Bharat  challenge to Salman Khan  Priyanka Chopra  Anil Ambani: Top 10 factsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Currency notes may soon be of made-in-India ...Mysore to manufacture paper for currency notes next year
By chetan kumar, TNN | 3 Oct, 2014, 09.46AM IST
0
Share More
The committee, comprising officials from the RBI, ministry of finance and paper mills, among others, also had on its board former Isro chairman UR Rao who confirmed to TNN the plan.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: The paper of our currency notes has been imported from Japan and Australia. Not anymore, in a move that will reduce import bills and generate jobs, besides boosting security of our currency, a Reserve Bank of India committee is looking at the modalities of the factory in Mysore to manufacture paper specifically for currency notes.
At a meeting earlier this week, it worked out details of the facility which may become operational next year.
The committee, comprising officials from the RBI, ministry of finance and paper mills, among others, also had on its board former Isro chairman UR Rao who confirmed to TOI the plan.
The proposed facility will be an equal joint venture between the Security Printing and Minting Corporation of India Limited (SPMCIL) and an RBI subsidiary, Bharatiya Reserve Bank Note Mudran Private Ltd. Earlier, SPMCIL had said the facility, the foundation stone for which was laid in 2010, may be operational around December 2014.
However, RBI deputy governor K C Chakrabarty told TOI: "The foundation stone was laid four years ago, but we cannot start operations from December. The construction is now almost complete, but I understand there are problems with power supply, among other things."
Officials privy to developments said that it cannot begin functioning before July-August next year.
Currency printing facility
Currently, India imports the majority of the raw paper from known vendors operating in countries like Japan, Germany and the UK. But having our own raw paper production will provide fewer opportunities for agencies or people attempting to counterfeit currency notes.
RBI deputy governor KC Chakrabarty told TOI from Mumbai: "Every year, we spend between Rs 3,000 crore and Rs 4,000 crore on printing currency. At least 40% of this is spent on importing paper."
Chakrabarty said: "Right now, the places we buy paper from have businesses with others too and we can't impose conditions of exclusivity on them. Once we have our own facility, we can tackle counterfeiting better."
UR Rao said the modalities of quality of paper, watermarking facility, etc will be worked out in the next few months. Chakrabarty also said that with a growing middle class and penetration of banking, the need to handle the supply side with little dependence on others is crucial. "While this facility may not completely stop import, it will certainly reduce it in a big way," he said.
Mysore and the moolah
In the near future, Mysore will be one of the first cities in the country to have plastic/polymer currency notes of Rs 10 denomination in an initiative aimed at checking counterfeit. Kochi, Jaipur, Bhubaneshwar and Shimla are the other cities part of this pilot project. Australia and New Zealand, among others, have opted for this to counter fake notes.

Defiant Hong Kong protesters clash with police despite talks offerHong Kong protesters scrap talks with govt
AFP
Hong Kong, October 03, 2014
First Published: 09:03 IST(3/10/2014)
more photos »
Hong Kong student leaders on Friday called off talks with the government aimed at bringing an end to mass pro-democracy demonstrations that have paralysed the city, after violent clashes broke out with opposing crowds at their protest camps.
Hong Kong's main student union walked away from negotiations after angry opponents, some waving Chinese flags, began tearing down their tents and barricades in what activists said was orchestrated violence by paid thugs from "triad" criminal gangs.
"There is no other option but to call off talks," said the Hong Kong Federation of Students (HKFS), one of several groups driving a campaign for free elections that has brought tens of thousands of people onto the streets of the semi-autonomous Chinese city.
"The government and police turned a blind eye to violent acts by the triads targeting peaceful Occupy protesters," the union added, referring to Occupy Central, another prominent protest group.
Hong Kong's embattled leader Leung Chun-ying had promised students talks with government in a bid to clear the protesters, who have brought swathes of the city to a standstill by filling major thoroughfares.
The clashes marked a sudden spike in tensions after days of peaceful protests.
There were angry scenes in the packed Mong Kok and Causeway Bay shopping districts as pro-democracy demonstrators faced off with large crowds of opponents, with police struggling to keep the situation under control.
"Some of them are triad members for sure," protester Eric Leung said of the group of men that clashed with crowds in Causeway Bay as they attempted to dismantle the protest camp, wearing surgical masks to cover their faces.
"Everyone is angry and afraid -- but being afraid is not the answer," the 38-year-old told AFP.
Protesters take rest at a main road in the financial central district after riot police use tear gas against them as thousands of people blocked the road in Hong Kong. (AP Photo)
Sexual assault claims
Police said there had been two arrests and defended their response to the chaotic scenes, with senior superintendent Kong Man-keung telling reporters the force had "deployed a lot of manpower to control the situation".
But protesters were furious at the relative lack of arrests, saying pro-Beijing thugs had been freely allowed to attack their camps. Crowds in Mong Kok chanted "Bring out the handcuffs!" late into the night.
Police officers were seen escorting a man from the scene with his face covered in blood.
There were widespread allegations of sexual assault in the densely packed crowds, with three girls wearing plastic rain ponchos seen being bundled into a police van in tears after apparently being assaulted at the Causeway Bay protest.
"I urgently want to express to all citizens, no matter what attitude you have towards Occupy (Central), you still have to remain calm, and not use violence or disrupt order under any situation," Leung said in a televised message.
Read: Won’t quit, ready for talks, says Hong Kong chief
The opposition crowds  ebbed away into the night, leaving about 5,000 protesters chanting for the resignation of Leung, who they view as a pro-Beijing stooge.
While the United States, Europe and Japan have all expressed their concern at the scenes playing out in the key Asian financial hub, China's Communist authorities insisted Friday there is "no room to make concessions on important principles".
The protests were triggered by China's announcement in August that while Hong Kongers can vote for their next leader in 2017, only candidates vetted by Beijing will be able to stand -- a decision dismissed as "fake democracy" by campaigners.
Pro-democracy demonstrators rest after a night of protesting at a rally outside the Hong Kong government headquarters. (AFP Photo)
 
'Beat them to death'
Demonstrators had set a deadline of midnight Thursday for Leung to resign and for Beijing to abandon the proposals to vet candidates.
Leung refused to quit, but in a dramatic televised appearance shortly before the deadline he appointed his deputy to sit down with the HKFS, which has been at the vanguard of the protests.
Mistrust was rife that Leung was merely trying to buy time in the hope that the campaign will lose momentum, with Hong Kong residents tiring of the disruption caused by the mass sit-ins.
Friday's clashes broke out as the city returned to work after a two-day public holiday.
Read: Hong Kong protests doomed to fail, says Communist Party of China
"I don't support Occupy Central. We have to work and make money. Occupy is just a game," said a construction worker who gave his name as Mr Lee.
"Give us Mong Kok back, we Hong Kongers need to eat!" yelled another man removing the barricades there.
Individuals from both sides pushed and shoved each other as water bottles were thrown, and one anti-Occupy protester chanted: "Beat them to death, good job police!"
Protesters take cover from tear gas fired by police during riots that followed a pro-democracy protest in Hong Kong. (AFP Photo)
Shop owners have told of a massive downturn in business after days of demonstrations.
"I supported (the pro-democracy activists) at first but when they escalated their action, they have gone too far," said Janice Lam, 54, an onlooker in Causeway Bay.
Hong Kong Finance Secretary John Tsang warned that if the unrest persists, the city's status as one of the world's most important trading hubs could be under threat.
"If this situation were to persist we're going to see some damage to our system," he told a press conference.
He added that extended protests could seriously dent "confidence in the market system in Hong Kong -- that would bring permanent damage that we could not afford".

JPMorgan Breach Heightens Data Security DoubtsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Fund raising via IPOs falls 25% to $216 mn in Jan-SeptThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

FII flows hit 7-month low on US Fed rate hike jittersBSE
(FIIs have invested about…)
MUMBAI: The possibility of a rate increase by the US Federal Reserve is casting its shadow on the Indian equities market , with foreign inflows hitting a sevenmonth low on fears of capital outflow from emerging markets, including India. Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) have invested about $845 million in September, which is the lowest monthly flow since February this year, when they pumped in $228 million.
Foreign investors have been investing less here: in the past two months, average inflows were about $865 million, which is about one-third of its five-month (March-July) average flows of $2.3 billion. Foreign inflows so far this year has been $13.85 billion, the highest in the emerging market basket.
"Investors are getting a bit worried about the monetary tightening by the US Federal Reserve.
People are anticipating more volatile markets, and here India cannot do anything about it," said Jim O Neill , former chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management in a recent interview to ET.
The BSE Sensex also snapped its seven-month winning streak, as the index lost 0.1% in September, ending its longest run of monthly gains since January 2007. The index, which scaled to a record high of 27,354 points on September 8, has corrected 787 points, or 2.9%, from its highs in less than a month, which reflects its nervousness, say analysts.
"The government's decision to defer gas price hike and Supreme Court's verdict on cancellation of coal blocks gave FIIs reason to sell some stocks," said Gautam Chhaochharia, head of India research at UBS Securities. Meanwhile, the BSE Sensex has risen 26% this year, again the most among top-10 global markets.
India's outperformance has also sparked concerns that its valuations might be somewhat stretched, given that the actual recovery in the economy and corporate earnings are still some time away. The index is trading at 16.5 times to its one-year forward estimated earnings, while China's Shanghai Composite Index's is trading at 9.9 times, Brazil's Ibovespa Index is trading at 11.8 times, and Russia's MICEX is at 5.1 times.
The US economic growth outlook continues to remain positive and it's a matter of time before the US Federal Reserve raises rates, but fund managers say that India is unlikely to see serious implications from this.
"India is now better prepared to face a possible interest rate hike by the US Federal Reserve, compared to the tapering of quantitative easing last year. I would like to say India should continue to focus on reforms and growth, and not get worried by what's happening in the US or elsewhere," said Jim O Neill, former chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management.
The market reaction to a possible interest rate hike by the Fed is likely to be more calibrated this time rather than a knee-jerk one, as seen in May last year when the US central bank had announced tapering of quantitative easing.
Hence, any fall should be used as a buying opportunity as markets have always rebound from such events. "The sell-off by foreign investors in recent days in not a cause for concern as foreign flows so far this year have been a one-way street. There's nervousness among market participants with the US Federal Reserve preparing for an interest rate hike, but the S&P upgrade could not have come at a better time. India is now relatively better positioned to attract flows compared to other emerging markets," said Abhay Laijawala, managing director and head of research at Deutsche Equities India.
The slowdown of FII inflows and dollar's continued rise over emerging market currencies on bets for an early hike in US interest rates have also hurt the Indian rupee as it fell 2.1% in September, the most since August last year, when the currency fell 8.8%.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mens kabaddi team bags 7th successive Asiad goldMen’s kabaddi team bags 7th successive Asiad gold
PTI
PTI Indian Kabaddi team jubilate after winning the semi-final match against Korea at the 17th Asian Games in Incheon on Thursday.
Incheon, Oct 3:  
The Indian men’s kabaddi team clinched its seventh successive gold medal at the Asian Games after coming from behind to beat a spirited Iran 27—25 in the summit clash here today.
The Indian team, which has been winning gold ever since the sport was introduced on the Asiad roster in 1990, was given a massive scare by Iran, who had finished runners—up in the 2010 edition as well.
The Iranians took a massive 10—point lead in the first 20 minutes before the Indians got their act together to nullify the deficit and edge past in the closing few minutes of the match.
In fact, the Indians managed to take a lead only in the 37th minute of the match.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

U.S. economy is now healthier  poised to lead and succeed: ObamaReuters U.S. President Barack Obama gestures during remarks at the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute's annual awards gala in Washington on October 2, 2014.
Washington, Oct. 3:  
Asserting that the once-shattered U.S. economy was now “healthier” and had made “steady” and “real” progress over the past few years, President Barack Obama has said that it was America and not India or China that was the most attractive investment destination in the world.
“Because of all these things, our economy isn’t just primed for steadier, more sustained growth; America is better poised to lead and succeed in the 21st century than any other nation on Earth. We’ve got the best cards,” Obama said.
“Business leaders from around the world have said the world’s most attractive place to invest is not India or China, it’s the United States of America,” Obama said in his address on economy in Illinois.
“That’s because the financial sector is healthier; because manufacturing is healthier; because the housing market is healthier; because health care inflation is at a 50-year low; because our energy boom is at new highs,” he said.
Obama said the U.S. economy was back on track and was now creating jobs than laying employees off.
“As Americans, we can and should be proud of the progress that our country has made over these past six years,” he said.
“When I took office, businesses were laying off 800,000 Americans a month. Today, our businesses are hiring 200,000 Americans a month. The unemployment rate has come down from a high of 10 per cent in 2009, to 6. 1 per cent today,” he said.
Over the past four and a half years, the businesses have created 10 million new jobs; this is the longest uninterrupted stretch of private sector job creation in the history.
“Right now, there are more job openings than at any time since 2001. All told, the United States has put more people back to work than Europe, Japan, and every other advanced economy combined,” Obama said.
The U.S. President said this progress has been hard, but it has been steady and it has been real.
“It is the direct result of the American people’s drive and their determination and their resilience, and it’s also the result of sound decisions made by my administration,” he said.
“So it is indisputable that our economy is stronger today than when I took office. By every economic measure, we are better off now than we were when I took office. At the same time, it’s also indisputable that millions of Americans don’t yet feel enough of the benefits of a growing economy where it matters most and that’s in their own lives,” Obama said.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Affluent Indians join wave of investors in condos and homes in AmericaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

After 5 months of treatment  rabies survivor out of hospitalThe recovery of the 16-year-old is a miracle. (Express)
Written by Tanbir Dhaliwal | Chandigrah | Posted: October 3, 2014 11:04 am
He can’t speak coherently but makes noises to grab the attention of his father, smiles when he listens to music and responds to people around. Hira Singh, the second survivor of rabies in the country in recent years, is stable. After five months of treatment at the Western Command Hospital, Chandimandir, he was discharged on Thursday.
The recovery of the 16-year-old from rabies is a miracle which has grabbed the attention of researchers from across India and abroad.
No one knows what has worked. Was it his good immune response? Sheer luck? The treatment and dedication of the treating doctors and staff at the command hospital? Or all of this put together?
On March 25, Hira was bitten by the family’s pet dog. “He was taking the dog for a walk when it bit him on the hand. The same night, I took the child to a dispensary where he was given the first dose of anti-rabies vaccine,” said Joga Singh, the father, who is an ex-serviceman.
“For one month, he was fine. In the meantime, he was given four doses of anti-rabies vaccine. Then he started complaining of numbness in the legs and after three days, that is on April 29, he slipped into coma,” recalled Joga.
The parents took him to a hospital in Amritsar where he was diagnosed with rabies. With this revelation, the behaviour of the hospital staff changed.
“It was inhuman. They treated my child like an untouchable. One of the hospital’s staff told us to take the child away, otherwise they would throw him out of the hospital,” the father said.
On May 8, the child was shifted to the command hospital in a critical comatose stage.
The doctors sent the samples for the verification of rabies to the National Institute of Mental Health and Neurological Sciences (NIMHANS) and consulted experts across India. But they did not sit back waiting for the results, and immediately started the treatment for symptom.
In 10-odd days, Hira came out of the coma. Now he does not need ventilator and breathes on his own. He has started chewing food and put on two kilograms of weight in the last two weeks.
But the road ahead is long and uncertain. Hira is partially paralysed and the disease has affected his brain. Joga has been told his recovery will be gradual and will take two to three years.
“It is the sheer dedication of these doctors that has saved my son. I had lost all hope. My child might not become normal like others, but I am happy that I am taking him back home alive,” said a happy father.
The team of treating doctors included neurologist Col F M H Ahmad, cardiologist Brig N Aggarwal, nephrologist Col R Nair, endocrinologist Lt Col Hari Kumar, and chest specialist Lt Col V Dutta.

Saif Ali Khan may campaign in next polls» MORE FROM VIDEOS
BREAKING NEWS
Saif Ali Khan optimistic regarding the cleanliness drive launched by the government; says may campaign in next polls
By Glynda Alves , ET Bureau | 3 Oct, 2014, 05.53AM IST
I love the energy that Mumbai has as well as the people. I love how it is actually very relaxed; it’s kind of like an Eastern Los Angeles really. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
I love the energy that Mumbai has as well as the people. I love how it is actually very relaxed; it's kind of like an Eastern Los Angeles really. Of course, it is crowded, especially when you travel from South to North. Bombay is many things - there's still a colonial heart to town and Walkeshwar. Bombay Gym is another country all together.
Bandra is very hip and connected and is a lovely place to live. There are lots of places to eat and I have a lot of fun here. I am happy I moved out of Lokhandwala which is a nightmare honestly - there's just too much traffic.
I also love the fact that it is open late at night - you can pretty much get anything done at any time of the day or night. Your internet can get sorted with just a phone call. I think Delhi in comparison is slightly more sedate.
I know and love both places however. If there's anything I don't love... well, the road to Film City has just too much traffic. However, I see the city get cleaner and better. This is the first government I have heard talking about toilets and topics like this which is really important. So, yes, I want the city to be clean. I want better infrastructure when it comes to sewage, especially in Lokhandwala where there are still open sewers and mosquitoes.
Now, even well-to-do successful people are getting dengue, so we all better clean up. I have never voted and that's because I have never felt that I am being represented. Now I feel I am and I am also a supporter of Modi's government.
It's the first time we have had such a big majority. There is no excuse for not trying to achieve special things. I like the noises that the government is making. I like the way everyone is feeling. I am really of the fact that everyone in India thinks differently and nobody is on the same page. Everyone is scared and thinks, 'What will happen to the Muslims' and this and that.
And we never get anywhere. This is one time where I feel that everyone should just fall in line. But, we should not expect miracles at the same time and then condemn the government.
I don't know if I am going to vote for the assembly polls but by the time the next election comes around, I might even campaign for what I believe in. In fact, Ritesh Deshmuk has taught me about government and elections and he said it well when he said that this last election would be thought of as a stirrer; in the sense that all our political consciences would get a little stirred and that we would have to decide where we stand.
This is something we have not done before.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Opinion on Twitter Follow

Goldman considering setting up new infrastructure fundGoldman considering setting up new infrastructure fund
Reuters
Tweet
New York, Oct 3:  
Goldman Sachs Group Inc is considering raising a new infrastructure fund, according to three people familiar with the matter, even as US regulations threaten to reduce its profits from such endeavours.
The bank's plans are tentative and in the early stages, and there is currently no fundraising process or target size for the fund, the sources cautioned. Goldman Sachs declined to comment.
When Goldman last raised an infrastructure fund in 2010, it met with lukewarm demand. Like that fund, the one being envisaged would have a global focus with a mandate to buy a variety of infrastructure assets, such as airports, power grids and toll roads.
In recent years investors such as pensions and insurers have grown increasingly keen on infrastructure funds, as they look for assets that are safer than stocks but offer better returns than low-yielding bonds.
Under a federal regulation known as the "Volcker Rule," part of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform act, a bank cannot own more than 3 per cent of an infrastructure fund or any other private equity-type fund. The regulation is meant to limit banks' bets on risky assets.
Before the Volcker rule, Goldman would typically invest around 10 per cent of the capital in an infrastructure fund it set up and 30 to 35 per cent of its private equity funds.
There is a loophole in the rule, though. A bank can spend as much of its own money as it likes to buy infrastructure assets like roads and airports, or invest in the kinds of corporate assets owned by private equity firms, provided it doesn't use a fund that includes outside investors.
The bank is taking that route with private equity, as Reuters first reported last year. For example, it is currently leading a deal to acquire Neovia Logistics LLC, which helps companies with inventory management and warehousing, Reuters reported last week.
But the bank is reluctant to use that loophole for infrastructure assets, because the potential returns are usually only about half the 18 to 20 per cent it can earn from private equity investments. The bank will earn a management fee and likely a 20 per cent cut of fund profits, but will not earn much in the way of additional returns given the 3 per cent limit on its investment.
UNINTENDED CONSEQUENCES
Infrastructure assets, such as ports, toll roads and airports, may offer lower returns than private equity investments, but they are also lower risk, because they typically operate through government-granted monopolies.
Signs that Goldman is going to make most of its infrastructure investments with other peoples' money while making riskier private equity investments with its own money underscore how the Volcker rule may have unintended consequences.
The rule was designed to make banks safer, but it may be encouraging banks to focus their own money on riskier assets, instead of making bets on a range of assets from the relatively safe to the risky.
Goldman Sachs is thinking about its next infrastructure fund now in part because its second and most recent such fund, raised before the Volcker rule in 2010, has invested about 65 per cent of the capital pledged to it, one of the sources said. (The fund sought to raise about $7.5 billion, but ended up getting less than half that.) Managers of alternative investments like infrastructure funds typically begin raising a new vehicle when the previous fund is about 75 per cent invested.
US banks have taken varied approaches to infrastructure funds after the Volcker rule. Citigroup Inc, for example, is winding down its infrastructure investment unit, while Morgan Stanley is currently aiming to raise $4 billion for an infrastructure fund. It has so far raised more than $1.5 billion, it said in regulatory filings in July.
Strong demand has helped the average size of infrastructure funds raised so far this year increase by 44 per cent compared with the corresponding period in 2013, according to market research firm Preqin.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Cameron in Kabul to meet President GhaniUpdated: October 3, 2014 11:23 IST
Cameron in Kabul to meet President Ghani
DPA
Reuters British Prime Minister David Cameron
TOPICS
British Prime Minister David Cameron arrived in Kabul on a previously unannounced visit Friday, an Afghan official said.
“Cameron is meeting President (Ashraf) Ghani,” the official said.
Mr. Cameron is the first foreign leader to meet the new Afghan President, who took office on Monday.

Modi debuts on radio  highlights Swachh Bharat  khadiComments
In a free-wheeling chatty address to the nation, through radio, Prime Minister Narendra Modi issued a clarion call to citizens to join his social initiatives and contribute to nation-building. He also promised to stay in touch and connect - at least once, if not twice, a month with citizens on radio, becoming the first Indian Prime minister to reach out to citizens on such a regular basis, directly.
Modi used his debut on radio – during a programme titiled Mann ki Baat -  to remind listeners of his Swachh Bharat, Clean India, campaign. He spoke of the nine people he had invited to join the campaign, and urged every citizen to do the same - clean up, encourage another nine people to do so, and create a movement.
Modi also promoted the use of khadi, and said he was not asking people to wear only khadi. “But even if you use one khadi product, it will light the lamp of prosperity in the house of a poor person.”
The PM peppered his speech with anecdotes which had a running theme – of motivating and energizing citizens, and recognising their inner strength. This has been a constant thread of Modi’s addresses, be it at the Independence Day or in US or during the Swachh Bharat pledge.
Read: Modi invokes Bapu, wields broom for filth-free India  
Modi’s emphasis has been that the country is not only that of the government, but of the people, and citizens have to step up.
“You know, our scientists have undertaken the Mars mission successfully at minimum expenses. There is nothing lacking in our capabilities. We only have forgotten our strengths. We have forgotten ourselves as if we have become despondent.
My brothers and sisters, this cannot be,” said Modi."We need to recognise our internal strengths," he added. "The 125 crore Indians are blessed with immense skill and strength. All we need to do is to understand our strengths."
Modi spoke of his engagement with specially-abled children, and how they are the responsibility of not just their parents, but of the society and the country. He also spoke of skill development, and environment.
But more than the message, the novelty on Friday was in Modi’s choice of the medium and his direct engagement.
Modi plans to make his radio speeches once or twice a month on Sunday mornings to get his message across to two-thirds of the country’s 1.2 billion people who listen regularly to the radio.
Presidents and prime ministers generally use radio to address the people on Republic Day and Independence Day, but Modi’s address is the start of a regular slot on air for the prime minister.
He addressed millions of school students across the country on state-run Doordarshan on Teachers’ Day, but radio will help him reach deeper into the country as All India Radio has a much wider reach.
To make the communication two-way, Modi added if citizens wanted to respond, they could do so over email and letters. "If you have ideas and actual incidents which are constructive, do share with me. Together let us serve India and take our nation to newer heights," Modi said.

Oil Attempts Rebound  Brent Edges Towards $94/bblThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Brent bounces off 27-month low towards $94  but still eyes weekly lossBrent bounces off 27-month low towards $94, still faces weekly loss
Reuters
Tweet
Singapore, Oct 3:  
Brent crude futures rose towards $94 a barrel on Friday after a three-day slide pulled prices to their lowest since 2012, but the overall tone remains bearish, amid ample supply.
The crude benchmark is set to end lower for the fourth week in five, having fallen more than 15 per cent this year as global supplies have remained high despite conflict in the Middle East.
"I think the market will continue to push prices lower because of concerns over the glut, but I think the market is (also) being complacent about the risks," said Jonathan Barratt, chief investment officer at Ayers Alliance in Sydney.
"I feel there's a lot of geopolitical risk out there and it could get worse."
The turmoil in Iraq sent Brent to a nine-month high of $115.71 a barrel in June, but prices have fallen since, with no disruptions to global oil supply and Libyan output even rising.
New tensions in the Middle East are cropping up, however. Turkey's parliament authorised the government on Thursday to order military action against Islamic State as the insurgents tightened their grip on a Syrian border town, sending thousands more Kurdish refugees into Turkey.
Brent for November delivery was up 33 cents at $93.75 a barrel by 0643 GMT. But the contract is down more than $3 for the week, having hit $91.55 on Thursday, its lowest since June 2012.
US November crude added 48 cents to $91.49 per barrel. It has lost around $2 this week, its steepest weekly fall in a month. It hit $88.18 in the previous session, its lowest point since April 2013.
NON-FARM POSITIONING
Some investors may be betting on a softer US jobs number for September that could sap the dollar's strength and boost commodities, such as oil, said Ric Spooner, chief market analyst at CMC Markets.
"We might be seeing some positioning or buying as a defence against the risk of the nonfarm payrolls being skewed to the downside," said Spooner. A weaker greenback makes dollar-priced commodities cheaper for buyers using other currencies.
But economists polled by Reuters forecast that US nonfarm payrolls probably rose by 215,000 last month against 142,000 in August.
Some analysts say only a cut in output by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries may rescue oil prices as expectations rise that they will agree to do so at their meeting next month in Vienna.
While some OPEC countries are calling for supply cuts, however, other core members are betting winter demand will revive the market, suggesting the group is no closer to any collective steps.
"I think once we get down to $85-$90 for Brent, one would imagine that OPEC would be beginning to talk about tightening supply," said CMC Markets' Spooner.
Saudi Arabia's move on Wednesday to cut official oil sale prices (OSPs) to Asian customers helped to send prices sharply lower this week. The move was seen as a strong sign it is trying to compete for crude market share and keep markets well supplied.
But changes in Asia OSPs have tended in the past to be the result of demand for Saudi Arabian crude, not a driver of it, Morgan Stanley analysts said.
"We acknowledge other factors are at play that could change the historical relationship, but we do not see evidence that this latest adjustment is an effort to lift production, avoid production cuts, or punish other producers," the analysts said in a research note.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

JPMorgan hack exposed data of 83 million account holders76 million accounts hacked in August, says JP Morgan Chase
IANS     New York   Last Updated: October 3, 2014  | 15:26 IST
Photo: Reuters
US banking giant JP Morgan Chase has issued updated information about a cyber attack which it suffered in August and that approximately 76 million current accounts and seven million small enterprises were affected.
In an official document presented before the US Security and Exchange Commission Thursday, the bank specified the type of data that was breached in the attack on the web and mobile application of JP Morgan   Chase & Co .
The information accessed by the hackers included names, addresses, telephone numbers and e-mail addresses of its clients, as well as internal information of the company.
However, the bank has not yet registered evidence of this data theft affecting the number of accounts, access codes, identity card numbers, dates of birth or social security numbers.
Although the investigations continue, the bank has not had any proof yet showing that a fraud related to this data theft has occurred, but they have been calling their clients to inform them if they face any irregularity.
"The company continues to monitor and control the situation and investigate the matter. Also, the bank is completely cooperating with all the investigative government agencies," the document said.
JP Morgan Chase was one of the five American entities victimised by an attack, the purpose of which is still unknown and which remains subject to a thorough investigation.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation has been trying to determine the origin of such a sophisticated cyber attack and if the motive was economic or part of an intelligence operation.
"Companies of our size unfortunately experience cyber attacks nearly everyday. We have multiple layers of defence to counteract any threats and constantly monitor fraud levels," said Patricia Wexler, JP Morgan spokesperson.
The American banking sector has been a target of frequent hacking in the last few years, and most of the attacks had an economic motive. That is why this case, which does not seem to be of the same profile, has caused special concern to the authorities.

Maharashtra to see parties fight alone after quarter centuryComments
The last time Shiv Sena and BJP fought separately was before 1989 - the year their alliance was sealed and for Congress and NCP, it was before 1999 the year the Sharad Pawar-led party was formed.
The October 15 elections for the 288-member Maharashtra Assembly will be the first in over quarter of a century when major political parties will slug it out in the poll arena sans erstwhile alliance partners.
The last time Shiv Sena and BJP fought separately was before 1989 – the year their alliance was sealed and for Congress and NCP, it was before 1999 the year the Sharad Pawar-led party was formed.
The five main parties in fray – Congress, Shiv Sena, BJP, NCP and MNS — are vying for votes and all of them are claiming to get majority on their own, without the need of post-poll alliances.
“If the Raj Thackeray-led MNS eats into Shiv Sena votes, then there is a possibility that BJP may emerge as the single largest party, followed by Sena, Congress and NCP in the order,” according to political analyst Surendra Jondhale.
“The poll campaign has just begun. Let us see how it develops. It is too early to predict an outcome at this moment,” Jondhale, a professor at the Mumbai University, said.
He said this election will provide each party an opportunity to expand their political base and also to identify their social base.
“We will also see a demarcation of urban and rural voters, a pattern will emerge on the issues that what voters in these belts feel,” he said.
Four issues — Marathi identity, Hindutva, corruption and development — will be the major ones around which this election would be centred, Jondhale said.
“Prime Minister Narendra Modi is yet to come and address poll rallies. We will know the impact of the ‘Modi wave’ after he addresses public rallies,” he said adding, as far as political aspirations are concerned, voters are waiting for Modi to justify and deliver on his poll promises during Lok Sabha elections.
The concepts of political fidelity and party ideology were losing out to the lure of political interests and ambitions, as seen from the massive defections from various parties in last few days, Jondhale said.
A look at the Assembly elections after the Sena-BJP alliance was sealed in 1989 shows that the Bal Thackeray-Pramod Mahajan combine was bang on target in forging the tieup as the saffron partners went on to bag power in 1995.
In the 1990 polls, Congress had won 141, Sena 52 and BJP 42. Sharad Pawar was elected the chief minister.
In the 1995 polls, Congress won 80, Sena 73 and BJP 65 and Sena leader Manohar Joshi was elected the chief minister.
Congress went on to win highest of 75 seats in the continued…

We must realise our internal strengths the power of 125 crore people: PM Modi in radio addressPrint
Modi advocated the need for use of khadi products as a homage to Mahatma Gandhi.
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 11:58 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 3:21 pm
Seeking to reach out to more people, Prime Minister Narendra Modi Friday addressed the countrymen over radio for the first time, giving a pep talk about how to shed despondency and use their skills for betterment and prosperity of the country.
He advocated the need for use of khadi products as a homage to Mahatma Gandhi and impressed upon the people to generate confidence among themselves, including the specially-abled children.
Promising to make the radio broadcast a regular affair, Modi invited ideas from the citizens while noting that he had been receiving a number of suggestions since it was announced that he would be addressing the nation over radio.
In his 15-minute address, he sought to motivte people to recognise their capabilities and use them.
“You know, our scientists have undertaken the Mars mission successfully at minimum expenses. There is nothing lacking in our capabilities. We only have forgotten our strengths. We have forgotten ourselves as if we have become despondents. My brothers and sisters, this cannot be,” he said.
“We need to recognise our internal strengths,” the Prime Minister said while narrating a short story of Swami Vivekananda about how a lion brought up by sheep rediscovered his prowess after coming in touch with another lion.
“If we move ahead with self-respect and right identity, we will emerge victorious,” he said.
He also referred to Mahatma Gandhi, whose birth anniversary was celebrated yesterday, and impressed upon people to use at least one khadi product, may it be a handkerchief or even a bedsheet.
It will benefit the poor, he said.
Porters at a railway station in Ludhiana listening to Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s first radio address — “Mann ki Baat”. (Source: Gurmeet Singh)
In the ‘Mann ki Baat’ (heart talk) programme that coincided with Dussehra, the Prime Minister said, “the 125 crore Indians are blessed with immense skill and strength. All we need to do is to understand our strengths.”
He cited some suggestions received by him through emails, which included that skill development should start from 5th Standard, special programmes for specially-abled children to motivate them, more dustins, ban on polythene and making easier the registration of small scale industries.
“If you have ideas and actual incidents which are constructive, do share with me. Together let us serve India and take our Nation to newer heights,” Modi said.
Referring to the specially-abled children, he said they should be a part of the development journey as the nation belongs to everyone.
“They are the responsibility of not only their families but the entire society,” he said.
Appreciating the suggestion for special programmes for the specially-abled children, Modi recalled his days as Gujarat Chief Minister and said “we began Khel Mahakumbh for specially-abled athletes and I myself would go and see the continued…

Shah Rukh Khan says  he is weak-hearted and cant judge othersShah Rukh Khan will soon don the hat of a judge.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 3, 2014 11:35 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 12:11 pm
Bollywood ‘badshah’ Shah Rukh Khan prefers to avoid being judgemental about others. He says he doesn’t like to judge shows and competitions because he considers himself “weak-hearted”.
The actor, along with the team of his forthcoming film ‘Happy New Year’, will soon don the hat of a judge for a one-of-a-kind reality show ‘Dil Se Naachein Indiawaale’, to be aired October 11 on Zee TV. It’s a promotional initiative for his film, but that doesn’t change the fact that SRK hates to judge.
“I am very weak-hearted. I’m a bad judge and I’m not judgmental about others,” Shah Rukh said during a press conference here Thursday.
As part of “Dil Se Naachein…”, Shah Rukh, along with his “Happy New Year” team, will go on a multi-city tour, visiting Mumbai, Delhi, Indore and Ahmedabad in search of ‘happy dancers’. They will be judging these dancers based on their zest and ability to spread happiness.
“I feel people who have the jazbaa (zest), those who can perform on the stage in front of thousands and lakhs of people uninhibitedly and entertain them without thinking of the complexities and technicalities of the art…will be great. I’m not a good judge. I will keep giving ten on ten,” Shah Rukh said.
He narrated an incident of his past experience as a judge of a beauty queen pageant.
“I asked Waheeda Rehman-ji to tell me the marks she was giving, because I couldn’t judge them (the contestants).
“I avoid judging shows and I would rather go and tell everyone that ‘you’re doing very well’ because it has happened with me. I don’t have too much talent, but people have always given me ten on ten,” said the actor, who made a successful transition from TV to films.
His forthcoming movie is a heist drama, also starring Deepika Padukone, Abhishek Bachchan, Boman Irani, Sonu Sood and Vivaan Shah. Directed by Farah Khan, the film will be Bollywood’s big Diwali release this year.

Moto 360 comes on Flipkart for Rs 17 999Moto 360 works on Android Wear
Tech Desk | Posted: October 3, 2014 11:19 am | Updated: October 4, 2014 11:41 am
The Moto 360 has become available on Flipkart from Friday at Rs 17,999.
With a classic wristwatch design, this new Android Wear device will be compatible with most smartphones running Android 4.3 and above.
The round display watch can show notifications and other information on the wrist. Despite the touchscreen, voice will be the primary mode of transaction with the watch. Just say “Ok Google” and you can send texts, set a reminder, check the weather, and even ask for directions.
A mailer from the company said the Moto 360 will initially be in limited stock with more stocks coming in after a fortnight.
Compatibility: Smartphones running Android 4.3 or higher (check compatibility at g.co/WearCheck)
Operating system: Android Wear
Display: 1.5” 320 x 290, 205ppi; Backlit LCD; Corning Gorilla Glass 3
Weight: 49g
Battery: 320mAh (All day with mixed use) — Wireless charging with charging dock included
Processor: TI OMAP™ 3
Memory: 4GB internal storage + 512MB RAM
Connectivity: Bluetooth 4.0

Coke Zero sells 1L cans in 13 days in India; highest sale on e-commerce platformAmazon
(Besides Amazon.in, the…)
NEW DELHI: Coke Zero, Coca-Cola's zero sugar beverage, which was launched only on e-commerce platform Amazon.in for two weeks before it goes into mass retail, crossed 1 lakh cans in sales in 13 days on October 1.
This is the highest sale for beverages on e-commerce platforms in the country and indicates how consumption choices among Indians are clearly turning towards low-sugar drinks in line with global trends in most developed markets.
"The consumer's response to Coca-Cola Zero pre-bookings on Amazon.in shows their preference for the brand's taste and also that they are willing to try newer mediums of commerce even for traditional products like soft drinks," said a spokesperson for Coca-Cola's bottling partner, Hindustan Coca-Cola Beverages, in response to an email query.
Besides Amazon.in, the zero sugar drink, which has $1 billion in global sales, is being sold exclusively through Subway restaurants, Inox theatres and Reliance Fresh stores in the first two weeks of its debut.
Though colas are traditionally impulse-purchase products and food and beverage firms don't have a big presence on e-commerce platforms yet, the category is gradually making inroads online. Rival PepsiCo on Wednesday announced on its website that it plans to roll out Pepsi True, made with sugar and stevia, this month on Amazon. com in the US.
Coca-Cola India president Venkatesh Kini had announced at the launch event a fortnight ago that Coke Zero complements the firm's sparkling portfolio and leverages its manufacturing capacities. He denied the new product would cannibalise Diet Coke.
"Across markets, we have observed that Coke Zero complements Diet Coke because their tastes and consumers they target are very different," Kini said. An email sent to Amazon's spokesperson elicited no response till the time of going to print.
Coca-Cola Zero is available in 300 ml slim cans, 400 ml PET bottles and 600 ml PET at the same price points as regular Coca-Cola. It is priced at Rs 30 for 300 ml cans and Rs 35 for a 600 ml PET bottle. Coca-Cola Zero will be manufactured at 10 plants, belonging jointly to the company and franchise partner Moon Beverages.
Amazon is stepping up its presence in the packaged foods and beverages space. While Coca-Cola products are retailed in more than 2.2 million retail outlets, it opted to sell the product exclusively on Amazon, leaving out its own portal Coke2Home.com.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Specially-abled children responsibility of society: PMThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

After Modi visit  NSA Doval talks counter-terrorism with top US officialsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

In morning 4 hrs back u told it will be 500++ on dow ....now big fall....307 Followers
molly...now I know why u five starred me in rei board!
that shift to oct puts immediately after sept expiry was a bit tricky for me due to high premium.
I am no longer worried after seeing sgx nifty figures on 2 and three.
any way I will encash my puts sometimes next week and then buy them again if they become weak due to a bounce back in nifty.
best wishes...do not stray in to rei agro...it is a king cobra that took many lives.

My calculations are indicating a growth of 30% and a pe ratio of 30 in...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Dow may consolidate r close green these 2 days...good bullish candle f...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Fukri silver gone below dollar 17   fukri buying recommondation from...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

European bourses set to riseDollar and stocks jump after US jobs data
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f4055378-4aaa-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A risky  dangerous filmThe Hindu To be or not to be Shahid, however, has no qualms about experimenting Photo: G.P. Sampath Kumar
TOPICS
Hindi cinema
Haider is not Shakespeare’s Hamlet as much as it is Vishal Bhardwaj’s quirky Indianised family revenge drama for the Hindi-movie goer, says its star Shahid Kapoor
Filmmaker Vishal Bhardwaj’s Haider completes his Shakespearean trilogy after Maqbool and Omkara. And with Haider comes actor Shahid Kapoor’s chance to be his best as an actor, getting to play the ultimate tragic hero, Hamlet — something actors world over would kill for. “It was a risky, dangerous and a very different film to do. It is a labour of love. We’ve done what convention tells you not to do,” said Shahid Kapoor, who’s been stuck in a rut of comedy and action.
“Playing Hamlet is the most complex part for any actor. It’s a mental and emotional journey. Not to mention the physical transformation,” said Shahid who was in Bangalore to promote the film, which releases on October 2. Hamlet’s famous “To be or not to be” soliloquy has become a rage in Gulzar’s ‘Main rahoon ki main naheen’ and Shahid has been in the news for shaving his head for a five-hour shoot for a shot comprising a six-page monologue. “This is the scene I will always remember as an actor,” stressed Shahid. All praise for his director, he spoke of Bhardwaj’s ability to convert Shakespeare into Hindi and maintain its quirkiness in Hindi. Excerpts from an interview.
Any film based on a literary work always comes with great expectations. And this is Shakespeare! What was your thought on being offered the film?
First of all I want people to know that this is an adaptation of Hamlet. It’s not Hamlet. It’s a film called Haider which has been made for the mainstream Indian audience, for the normal guy, who likes to go watch Hindi movies in the theatre. It is a differently commercial film. At least that’s how we see it.
How is it different, as you just mentioned?
To begin with, it’s a revenge family drama. Revenge is a rather universal emotion and we’ve seen many films on it. It has family dynamics and relationships between son and mother, father and wife, lovers, brothers, uncle and nephew. All the drama and histrionics of the film lie with these characters, who are local Kashmiri people. Normal people, with normal lives, with complex emotions. Like you and me. That’s what makes it very relatable for anyone to connect with it.
And Haider?...
Haider is a very real guy, very vulnerable, emotional, attached to his father and mother. He loves Arshiya’s character truly from the bottom of his heart. And he’s trying to deal with the complexities of where life has brought him. And Haider is trying to understand how to ride above this feeling. Whether he’s able to do that, or chooses to take revenge — that’s the story that’s so human.
Even though it’s the title role, I do feel that it’s not just about my character. If anybody has read Hamlet, or any of Shakespeare, the supporting characters — even calling them that is unfair — because each character is equally crucial. And Vishal sir has been amazing in always providing strong performance opportunities to good actors, especially female actors. There are very few directors in our country who write strong roles for female characters.
What is it about Vishal Bhardwaj that he gets dark, brooding movies right?
He’s cool enough not to care about what people say. He makes what he believes in and he makes it from his heart. He has his unique way of telling stories. He has the honesty to talk about conflicted emotions. He’s not worried about portraying emotions how they are, he doesn’t try and sugar-coat them. That’s what makes his films hard-hitting and original. Raw.
You seem to get both your comic timing right, and manage the dark, angsty, brooding act well too…
I just copy my directors. I really try and sink into the mind of the filmmaker I work with. You have to let yourself go and not worry about how you will come across. Trust the filmmaker. Because, for him, the first concern is to get his protagonist right. And once you let go, you feel liberated and you know that someone else is looking out for you. Go with the creative flow.
Search
RELATED NEWS

Boxer Sarita Devis matter lands in OCA doorstepsBoxer Sarita Devi’s matter lands in OCA doorsteps
PTI
Tweet
Reuters India's bronze medallist Laishram Sarita Devi broke down in tears during the ceremony and refused to wear the medal she was presented with in protest against what her camp called "biased" judging.
Reuters A bronze medal awarded to India's Laishram Sarita Devi is left on the podium after the medal ceremony for the women's light (57-60kg) boxing competition at the Seonhak Gymnasium during the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon October 1, 2014.
Incheon, Oct 2:  
The organising committee of Asian Games today said that Indian boxer L Sarita Devi’s refusal to accept her bronze medal during the ceremony was “regretful and against the spirit of sportsmanship” and the matter has now landed in the doorsteps of Olympic Council of Asia.
“The refusal to accept the medal by Indian boxer Sarita Devi was regretful and against the spirit of sportsmanship.
The matter has gone to the working group of the Olympic Council of Asia who would decide on the matter now,” said Games organising committee’s deputy secretary general, Cheon-taik Son, at the morning media briefing.
Light weight woman boxer Sarita, who was robbed off a shot at gold due to poor ring-side judging despite totally dominating her semi final bout on September 30 against her South Korean opponent Jina Park, did not allow the medal to be hung around her neck at the medal ceremony.
After accepting it by hand, she hung it around the neck of silver medallist Park, who controversially defeated her in the semi finals, and left the podium without the medal which was left behind by the Korean too.
“The working group of OCA would decide on the matter and it also depends on the athlete,” said Son.
“It’s very regretful this has happened and against the goal of Asian unity we had set ourselves for ahead of the Games. It was also against the spirit of sportsmanship and the action showed disrespect to the other athletes. It was a very unfortunate incident,” he said.
“We have ensured that there’s no such thing as home advantage in these Games. Still boxing is a very subjective sport. The spectators might see blood on a boxer’s face but it could be different from the judges’ count of scoring punches.”
“There have been a lot of protests in boxing but no formal complaints have been lodged. We have written to AIBA.
“It’s unfortunate that it happened in a game where a Korean was involved.”
It has been learnt that the OCA is very unhappy over the incident and after a meeting of its working group, a strongly worded formal letter is being sent to the head of the Indian Games contingent Adille Sumariwalla.
The boxer has visually protested over what she perceived as injustice to her and the boxing coach, G S Sandhu, too lodged a written protest, which was rejected by the boxing authorities. The surprising fact, though, is that no word has come from either the Indian Olympic Association or the Indian contingent.
Son indicated he expected a protest to be received from the IOA.
“I understand a protest is being lodged by IOA,” he said.
Sumariwalla, however, denied it and said his primary concern was to see that Sarita Devi and Sandhu, who had signed the protest letter against the judges, do not get a life ban.
“My priority is to see that Sarita and the coach don’t get banned for life,” he said.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Narendra Modi launches Clean India MissionPM Narendra Modi aims to modernise sanitation with Clean India Mission
Rupam Jain Nair     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 3, 2014  | 10:35 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
His hands protected by torn orange gloves, Dalbira Singh has a grim job scraping waste from train toilets from the tracks at Hazrat Nizamuddin station in the national capital, a few minutes from Prime Minister Narendra Modi's office .
Like an estimated 1 million other citizens, Singh does the work because he was born into a low caste. His parents did the same work before him.
"This is a disgusting job but no one will give me another. I am destined to be a toilet-cleaning man," Singh said this week, picking up soiled sanitary towels and diapers before wiping the tracks with a cloth soaked in cleaning chemicals.
But PM Modi , like Mahatma Gandhi, wants to change things so not only those born to a low caste work to keep the country clean.
On Thursday, which is also a holiday for Gandhi Jayanti, the Prime Minister launched the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, or Clean India Mission, to modernise sanitation within five years.
He started by trying to change attitudes and set an example by taking a broom and sweeping up rubbish in a neighbourhood in the national capital occupied by members of the Valmiki caste, whose lot in life is traditionally "manual scavenging", a euphemism for clearing other people's faeces.
"Often we assume the job of cleaning up belongs to safai karmacharis and don't bother to clean," Modi said referring to cleaners.
"Don't we all of have a duty to clean the country?"
To drive home his point, he ordered government workers including his ministers came to work on Thursday to sweep offices and clean toilets.
The country's fast-growing towns and cities are littered with rubbish. Most rivers and lakes are polluted with sewage and industrial effluents.
'SOCIETY'S FAILURE'
Education will be vital if the Prime Minister is to change age-old attitudes towards hygiene and purity, and he will have to finish Gandhi's bid to free the country's "untouchable" low castes.
"Modi will have to deal with society's failure to liberate the Dalits (low caste people) from the demeaning profession if he wants India to be as clean as Singapore," said Pravin Panchal, a researcher at the Environmental Sanitation Institute think-tank.
Less than a third of the country's 1.2 billion people have access to sanitation and more than 186,000 children under five die every year from diarrhoeal diseases caused by unsafe water and poor sanitation, according to the charity WaterAid.
The United Nations said in May half of the country's citizens defecate outside - putting people at risk of cholera, diarrhoea, dysentery, hepatitis A and typhoid.
The resulting diseases and deaths, mostly among the poor, cause major losses. The World Bank in 2006 estimated that India was losing 6.4 per cent of gross domestic product (GDP) annually because of poor sanitation.
Modi wants every home and school to have access to a toilet by 2019, in time for the 150th anniversary of Gandhi's birth.
To be successful, he will have to banish the widespread belief in the countryside that it is unclean to defecate inside and that only Dalits should deal with excrement.
US-based group Human Rights Watch, in a report in August, documented cases of authorities recruiting people from low castes to clean open defecation grounds. The group found people were often coerced into do the work with threats of reprisals.
The practice is most common in small-town India, where people from castes still considered "untouchable" clean waste from toilets which do not have modern flush systems.
Caste-based discrimination was banned in the country in 1955, but Dalits face prejudice in every sector from education to employment.
In just one example this week, the Dalit chief minister of Bihar, Jitan Ram Manjhi, said he was told a temple in the state was "purified" after he visited it in September.
(Reuters)

Apple iPhone 6 selling at Rs 55 954 onwards in IndiaOct 02, 2014 at  04:32pm IST
Apple iPhone 6 selling at Rs 55,954 onwards in India
58
3
New Delhi: Vendors through e-commerce have starting offering premium smartphone iPhone 6 at price starting from around Rs 56,000 for which official launch date and other details for India are yet to be announced by Apple.
A vendor at eBay is offering iPhone 6 for about Rs 55,954 and promising October 8 as estimated time to deliver the  product without any extra shipping cost.
Another vendor on ShopClues.com in a mailer shared price of iPhone 6 (16 GB) with 4.7-inch screen size at Rs 59,999. The e-commerce firm is charging Rs 149 as shipping cost and  promising on its website to deliver product by October 8.
Vendors at eBay have also started pre-booking iPhone 6 Plus for price starting around Rs 77,000.
#apple #iphone 6 #iphone 6 plus #ebay
Apple unveiled these phone on September 9 and reports  have speculated that Apple may officially start selling iPhone 6 series in India from mid-October or early November.
Amazon website showed that iPhone 6 is selling for around $750, including shipping cost, in US which amounts to about Rs 46,000.
Vendors at eBay have also started pre-booking iPhone 6 Plus which has 5.5 inch screen for price starting around Rs 77,000.
Both iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus come with 8 megapixel  camera and 1.2 Mp front camera. Both these phones support 2G,  3G and 4G network. They in three versions in terms of storage:  16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB.
Compared to a thickness of 7.6 mm of iPhone 5S, the sixth  generation has a thickness of 6.9 mm (iPhone 6) and 7.1 mm (iPhone 6 Plus), respectively.
According to research firm IDC, Samsung is the market  leader with 25.2 per cent share of the global smartphone  market, followed by Apple (11.9 per cent) and Huawei (6.9 per  cent) during the second quarter of 2014.  A total of 295.3 million smartphones were shipped in the  April-June 2014 quarter, up 23.1 per cent from 240 million in  the same period last year.
ShopClues declined to comment while no comments were  received from Apple and eBay.
524

Philips outlines plans to split into healthtech  lighting solutions cosPhilips outlines plans to split into healthtech, lighting solutions cos
Poornima Joshi
Lifestyle businesses to be integrated under Philips Healthcare
Eindhoven, the Netherlands, Oct 2:  
The Dutch electrical appliances group Royal Philips has formally elaborated its plans to separate into two separate entities with healthtech products amounting to a larger chunk of the company’s focus. Philips Healthcare will incorporate the company’s consumer lifestyle businesses into one entity while lighting, which is the traditional focus of the 113-year-old company, will be the second entity amounting to approximately one-third of the company’s international focus.
Philips, a household name around the world for home appliances, already has in recent years stripped down its business to focus more on advanced lighting technology and on medical technology for which margins are strong and less vulnerable to competition from emerging markets. Philips Chief Executive Officer Frans van Houten launched the company’s Innovation Experience, 2014 this week at the company’s headquarters in Eindhoven with a formal announcement of the contours of the decision to separate the company, which has been the focus of much speculation of late.
Both companies will continue to use the Philips name, the company said, noting that its HealthTech business had sales of 15 billion euros ($19 billion) in 2013 and its lighting business sales of seven billion euros. Details on how its lighting business will be split off into a separate legal structure are to be announced in 2015.
“Last week, we made the historical announcement that Philips is going to transform into two strong and focused companies — one focused on the HealthTech opportunity, the other on Lighting solutions. This is the next logical step in our journey. It will position both companies for long-term market leadership, enabling them to innovate and address customer needs even better and faster,” Frans van Houten said.
“What we are seeing is the merging of the consumer and professional healthcare spaces. To lead a good life, consumers want to monitor and manage their health, be it the air they breathe, the food they eat or their personal hygiene. Governments are looking for ways to deliver better and more affordable healthcare beyond the hospital walls. To this end, they are encouraging healthy living, preventive health and remote support of people with chronic diseases. They also want to empower healthcare professionals to co-operate more effectively and deliver better diagnoses and treatments,” said the Philips CEO, emphasising the company’s focus on healthcare.
He made it clear that the Healthcare and Customer Lifestyle businesses will function as part of one entity while Lighting will be a completely different entity.
“To enable this revolution, healthcare has to be delivered as an integrated service across the entire continuum of care. This runs from health living and prevention, to diagnosis and treatment, recovery and home-care. The portfolios of our Healthcare and Customer Lifestyle businesses already span this continuum. By merging the two and working from a unified vision and strategy in a single company, we create a stronger foundation for future growth and innovation,” van Houten said.
He said Lighting has to have a separate focus to make appropriate investments to boost growth and drive profitability.
“The lighting industry is experiencing the largest transformation since the invention of the light bulb. LEDs and connected lighting technologies are catalysing the shift from lighting products to lighting solutions and systems. While still valuable for the illumination it provides, light will increasingly create social and economic value by making buildings and cities safer, more beautiful and energy efficient. By turning Lighting solutions into a separate entity with direct access to financial markets, we will accelerate this even further,” the Philips CEO added.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Telecom Sector Likely to Create 40 Lakh Jobs in 5 Years: ExpertsRoyal Enfield on Expansion Mode, to Set Up Third Plant
New Delhi: India's telecom industry is expected to generate 40 lakh new jobs in the next five years, spurred by growing potential in rural markets and rising Internet penetration, say experts.
The bullish expectations come at a time when the government is making efforts to connect all 2.5 lakh village panchayats with high speed broadband network.
According to experts, surge in demand would be seen for skilled technicians, engineers, installation and maintenance service providers, sales, marketing, HR, in the sector.
"The telecom sector has been growing aggressively at an average for 35 per cent a year for close to two decades. Though the boom period of this sector is over, it continues to be a large job creator," Randstad India CEO K Uppaluri said.
Going by Randstad estimates, this sector is likely to create about 40 lakh direct and indirect jobs over the next 5 years "fueled by increased penetration into rural markets as well as growth of mobile Internet and broadband services".
According to component manufacturer TE Connectivity, the sector has been one of the largest employers in the last decade and would need around 2.75 lakh people by 2015.
"The challenge will be to get the right talent," TE Connectivity India India & SAARC Network Solutions director K K Shetty said.
"Once the bandwidth comes into place and digitalisation takes over, we will see substantial employment opportunities in content provider industry and related services industry," Shetty added.
Experts also opined that making more spectrum available and rationalisation of tariffs, among others, would help in boosting the sector.
"The overall challenges faced by telecom sector currently are -- technology upgradation, network upgradation and availability of sufficient spectrum," Deloitte Haskins and Sells partner Hemant Joshi said.
Observing that the telecom sector has lost decades in R&D and technology innovations, Mr Joshi said various measures were required to address these challenges.
These include partnership between public and private organisations, setting up world class R&D and testing labs, access to low cost funds and skilling college graduates.
Managing partner at Lighthouse Partners, Rajiv Burman said, "more spectrum being made available by the government by getting defence establishment to relinquish the huge amounts they are sitting on, will give a fillip to growth of mobile telephony and increase the demand for telecom gear".
Spectrum Talent Management director Sidharth Agarwal noted that "more innovation and newer line of products and services are the only ways to augment business in the sector, thereby boosting hiring on an overall basis".
Meanwhile, Uppaluri said that with the increased adoption of technology "where professionals will have to re-skill to take up roles and move up the value chain".
Story first published on: October 02, 2014 17:45 (IST)

Diekmann to step down as Allianz chiefMichael Diekmann to step down as Allianz chief
By Alice Ross
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a7175db0-4a30-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Autopilots needed for tweeting driversAutopilots needed for tweeting drivers
By Andy Sharman and Hugh Carnegy in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d52b5210-4a35-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bond investors demand more from borrowersBond investors demand more from corporate borrowers
By Vivianne Rodrigues in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6df8f86e-4a43-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Babcock slips as tracker funds exitBabcock slips as tracker funds exit
By Bryce Elder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/61a539fc-4a51-11e4-b8bc-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Afghan politicians are exaggerating Taliban wins  U.S. general saysBy Dan Lamothe October 2 Follow @danlamothe
In a news conference on Thursday, the top U.S. general in Afghanistan said Taliban wins have been exaggerated. (DVIDS)
The new top U.S. commander in Afghanistan said Thursday that the Afghan military continues to hold its own against the Taliban insurgency, but Afghan military officials are afraid to describe their own successes and have to deal with Afghan politicians who exaggerate Taliban battlefield wins.
The comments by Army Gen. John Campbell came amid a wave of violence by insurgents in recent days, and after the new Afghan president, Ashraf Ghani, agreed to a bilateral security agreement  that will keep a U.S. military force of about 9,800 in Afghanistan after 2014.
Campbell, speaking in a video conference call with reporters at the Pentagon, said the Taliban recently increased activity in Ghazi province’s Ajristan district, in Afghanistan’s east,  that drew Afghan media attention. Campbell said that all of the operational reports he has received said that about six Afghan troops and 12 civilians killed — which was “nothing… like what the local media has provided here.”
The criticism came two days after Campbell’s International Security Assistance Force released a statement disputing reporting out of Ghazi. Media there reported that the Taliban had launched a large-scale assault with hundreds of fighters.
“There’s no terrain down there … the Afghans do not control,” Campbell said. “And there are some very exaggerated reports. I… feel very confident that Ajristan [and that] western part of Ghazni is not an issue.”
In Helmand province, in Afghanistan’s south, the Taliban continue to contest areas around Sangin district, which was an insurgent stronghold when Marines assaulted it in 2010 and the site of hundreds of U.S. casualties in the following years.
There is now a “pretty substantial fight” between the Taliban and Afghan forces there, but Afghan commandos, police and members of the Afghan Army’s 215th Corps will likely win the battle, Campbell said.
“There are casualties on both sides, but I think here in the next 24 to 48 hours, what you’ll see in Helmand is that the Taliban do not own any of the ground that they’ve tried to get,” Campbell said.
Afghan police and military commanders have generally been reticent to describe battlefield successes to the public, but the general wants them to do so. The Taliban has been winning the information war, he said, and more needs to be done to combat that.
Campbell said that Ghazi and his former rival Abdullah Abdullah, now chief executive in a new government, have shown themselves to be pro-military so far. Ghani “will probably change some of the directives that were out there that may have inhibited the military,” Campbell said.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Ashley takes fresh 5% Debenhams stakeMike Ashley’s Sports Direct takes fresh 5% stake in Debenhams
By Andrea Felsted
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7937aba8-4a7a-11e4-b8bc-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BJP is not against any community  says Nitin GadkariOct 03, 2014 at 07:40am IST
BJP is not against any community, says Nitin Gadkari
18
0
Chandrapur: Union Minister for Transport and Rural Development Nitin Gadkari on Thursday said the BJP is for development with true national spirit and is not against any community as projected by rival political parties.
Gadkari was in the city to campaign for BJP candidates Sudhir Mungatiwar and Nana Shamkule who are contesting Maharashtra assembly polls.
He said that his party is opposed to terrorism and it is Pakistan, who after humiliating defeats in three wars, has waged proxy war against India as well as fueling hatred among
Gadkari was in the city to campaign for BJP candidates Sudhir Mungatiwar and Nana Shamkule who are contesting Maharashtra assembly polls.
#nagpur #bjp #nitin gadkari #bjp rally
Hindus and Muslims in India.
Addressing the poll rally, he said that the BJP has never ever indulged in the politics of caste, creed and religion and is not against Muslims.
He also alleged that it is the Congress and the NCP which fuels hatred among Marathas and OBCs as well as Dhangars and Dalits through petty politics, in the name of reservation.
"If you consider us as communal, then do not vote for us, but before doing so, remove the spectacles (eyeglasses) of secularism, given by the Congress and judge us through open eyes," Gadkari said.
Gadkari pointed out that if BJP was anti-Muslim, then Prime Minister Narendra Modi would have not sanctioned relief worth Rs 1,000 crore to flood-hit Kashmir.
"I had personally inspected the calamity that hit Kashmir and sanctioned Rs 250 crore through my ministry for construction of damaged roads and bridges," he said.
Gadkari lauded the development works and grants for the area by BJP MLAs Sudhir Mungatiwar and Nana Shamkule and sought votes for them from the people.
Earlier, ex-MLC and senior Congress leader, Jainuddin Zaweri and former District Youth Congress President Matin Sheikh, along with several of their followers entered the BJP during the programme.
Earlier during the day, Gadkari also addressed a poll rally in Nagbhid and sought votes for Kirtikumar Bhangadiya, the BJP candidate from Chimur.
5

http://usat.ly/1xHUbcWFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Five ways that Jaguar XE new sedan stands out
Although it got a flashy unveiling in London recently, Jaguar is using the Paris Motor Show to make the most of its new entry-level sedan, the XE. In the process, it's filling in a few of the details that
Post to Facebook
Five ways that Jaguar XE new sedan stands out Although it got a flashy unveiling in London recently, Jaguar is using the Paris Motor Show to make the most of its new entry-level sedan, the XE. In the process, it's filling in a few of the details that Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vBGPfS
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Five ways that Jaguar XE new sedan stands out
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 8:07 p.m. EDT October 2, 2014
Jaguar XE is racy in red, as seen in Paris 
(Photo: Jaguar)
Jaguar XE attracts attention on the floor of the Paris Motor Show 
(Photo: Jaguar)
Jaguar XE is shown at the Paris Motor Show, the newest, smallest member of the Jaguar sedan family 
(Photo: Nick Dimbleby)
Jaguar XE is dramatic from the rear as well, as seen making its debut in Paris 
(Photo: JJaguar)
Jaguar  has revealed its XE, a new compact sedan aimed at taking on a raft of luxury competitors. It comes to the U.S. in 2016. 
(Photo: Jaguar)
Jaguar XE has a long wheelbase, yet is low 
(Photo: Jaguar)
Jaguar XE looks at home in the countryside 
(Photo: Jaguar)
Jaguar says the interior makes much use of high-quality leather and other materials 
(Photo: Jaguar)
For XE, Jaguar says it tried to give the car coupe-like characteristics, the sloping roof, in a sedan 
(Photo: Jaguar)
XE has the distinctive Jaguar grille and front-end look 
(Photo: Jaguar)
At least on this show car, Jaguar provides a dramatic interior look 
(Photo: Jaguar)
The XE is distinctively Jaguar from just about every angle 
(Photo: Jaguar)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

Womens kabaddi team bags gold at AsiadIndia’s men, women kabaddi teams retain gold medals at Asiad
PTI
Tweet
PTI Indian women's Kabaddi team celebrates after winning the semi-final match against Thailand at the 17th Asian Games in Incheon, South Korea on Thursday.
PTI Indian Kabaddi team jubilate after winning the semi-final match against Korea at the 17th Asian Games in Incheon on Thursday
Incheon, Oct 3:  
India’s unhindered supremacy in the Asian Games’ kabaddi competition continued after both the men’s and women’s teams successfully defended their respective gold medals with hard-fought final triumphs over Iran here today.
Staging a fantastic second-half recovery, Indian men surged to their seventh straight gold by defeating Iran 27—25 in a thrilling final at the Songdo University Gymnasium.
India thus completed a golden double on the kabaddi mat for the second successive edition after the women defeated the same nation 31—21 in their final held earlier in the day.
The country thus boosted its overall gold tally to 11 on the final day of competitions here.
But it was touch and go for the Indian men, who have won the gold medal with ease on the six previous occasions since kabaddi was introduced in the 1990 Games at Beijing. They played catch-up with Iran for most part of the game before drawing level with the last seven minutes of the 40-minute match left.
The winners were trailing by a big margin of 13—21 at half time and a huge upset was on the cards before the defending champions pulled it around in the second half with some aggressive raiding and smart catching.
Captain Rakesh Kumar, who played with a bandaged head after getting injured by a rival defender’s knee during his raid in the second half, said after the game, “By god’s grace we won. It was tougher than we expected. Iran is a good team, but we made some mistakes initially and fell behind before recovering.”
Rakesh also said at half time, the strategy chalked out was to pack off Iran quickly for a ‘lona’ – with only four players of the rivals left as compared to their own five – at that stage and come back into the game.
“That’s what we did. Had we fallen even further behind then, it would have been curtains,” he conceded.
India started on the wrong foot against the super-fit Iranians who looked like men possessed as they raided with gusto and defended with zeal to jump to a 17—7 lead before the Indians, who even conceded a ‘lona’ (after being all out), knew what happened.
Experienced raider Jasvir Singh appeared to be a bit overconfident and paid the penalty for that as he was packed off when raiding thrice in the initial stages.
It was left to India’s most experienced player Anup Kumar to pull in three points with a good raid and narrow the lead.
With five minutes left for the end of the opening half, India trailed 11—18 which became 13—21 before the first half ended.
The crucial turnaround happened soon after the start of the second half when India secured a ‘lona’ and then caught up with their rivals at 21—all.
They, however, slipped down to 21—24 before staging another recovery to catch up at 24—all when seven minutes were left.
Anup raided to secure a valuable point to help India lead 25—24, the first time they had done in the entire match.
They added one more when Iranian’s fast raider Meraj Sheykh was caught and though Anup failed in his next raid, Meraj was again caught just as the clock ticked to full time with India ahead by two points.
Strategic play by Women’s team
Earlier, Indian women too staged a strong second half performance to get the better of a fighting Iran 31—21 to retain the gold.
The Indian women led 15—11 at the halfway stage of the 30-minute final but then put up a determined show in the second half to maintain their supremacy for the second edition running, having clinched gold when the event made its debut four years ago in Guangzhou.
They, in fact, had only a two-point lead at 12—10 soon after securing the first of their two lonas (all outs) in the gold medal contest against the fitter-looking Iranian women who played with head scarves and leggings.
Abhilasha Mhatre then affected a crucial raid to not only get back two points for her side but also revive two players who had been packed off by Iran’s aggressive raider Khalaj Ghazal.
Thereafter, India took firm control from the first five minutes of the second half following a strong raid by Abhilasha Mhatre to take a 19—15 lead.
They got another timely lona in the seventh minute to lead 25—16 and there ended Iran’s hopes though they tried to stage a fight back towards the end.
Iranian women were in tears after the loss, having come here with a mission to dethrone India for the gold medal. The team even had a computer software engineer and a doctorate in agriculture in its ranks.
Later Indian captain Tejaswini Bai said her team members were expecting a tough final against Iran after seeing their performance in the earlier stages.
“We knew we might face them in the final. They are a very aggressive side and we wanted to keep a big lead right through. We succeeded in our gameplan,” said Tejaswini.
“We had a good combination of seniors and juniors and had trained well. But women’s kabaddi is growing in standard and we had to fight harder than what we did in Guangzhou,” she added.
India’s coach Edachery Baskaran praised Iran and said “they are a very good team.”
“But our team was well prepared for their aggression. We succeeded in our strategy. In offence Tejaswini and Mamatha, both Arjuna awardees, played very well and in defence Priyanka and Kishori Shinde caught the eye,” he said.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Chautala s INLD gets rapper Honey Singh on boardE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Google threatened with $100 mn lawsuit over leaked nude celebrity photos of Jennifer Lawrence  Kate Upton  othersMiscellaneous
Google threatened with $100 mn lawsuit over leaked nude celebrity photos of Jennifer Lawrence, Kate Upton, others
Reuters | Updated:  Oct 03 2014, 10:21  IST
Oct 03 2014, 10:21  IST
 

Mens kabaddi team bags seventh successive Asiad goldUpdated: October 3, 2014 12:25 IST
Men’s kabaddi team bags seventh successive Asiad gold
PTI
PTI India thumped South Korea 36-25 in the semifinal.
TOPICS
Summer Asian Games
India’s unhindered supremacy in the Asian Games’ kabaddi competition continued after both the men’s and women’s teams successfully defended their respective gold medals with hard-fought final triumphs over Iran in Incheon on Friday.
Staging a fantastic second-half recovery, Indian men surged to their seventh straight gold by defeating Iran 27—25 in a thrilling final at the Songdo University Gymnasium.
India thus completed a golden double on the kabaddi mat for the second successive edition after the women defeated the same nation 31—21 in their final held earlier in the day.
Eleventh Incheon gold
The country thus boosted its overall gold tally to 11 on the final day of competitions here.
But it was touch and go for the Indian men, who have won the gold medal with ease on the six previous occasions since kabaddi was introduced in the 1990 Games at Beijing. They played catch-up with Iran for most part of the game before drawing level with the last seven minutes of the 40-minute match left.
The winners were trailing by a big margin of 13—21 at half time and a huge upset was on the cards before the defending champions pulled it around in the second half with some aggressive raiding and smart catching.
Captain Rakesh Kumar, who played with a bandaged head after getting injured by a rival defender’s knee during his raid in the second half, said after the game, “By god’s grace we won. It was tougher than we expected. Iran is a good team, but we made some mistakes initially and fell behind before recovering.”
Rakesh also said at half time, the strategy chalked out was to pack off Iran quickly for a ‘lona’ — with only four players of the rivals left as compared to their own five — at that stage and come back into the game.
“That’s what we did. Had we fallen even further behind then, it would have been curtains,” he conceded.
India started on the wrong foot against the super-fit Iranians who looked like men possessed as they raided with gusto and defended with zeal to jump to a 17—7 lead before the Indians, who even conceded a ‘lona’ (after being all out), knew what happened.
Experienced raider Jasvir Singh appeared to be a bit overconfident and paid the penalty for that as he was packed off when raiding thrice in the initial stages.
It was left to India’s most experienced player Anup Kumar to pull in three points with a good raid and narrow the lead.
With five minutes left for the end of the opening half, India trailed 11—18 which became 13—21 before the first half ended.
The crucial turnaround happened soon after the start of the second half when India secured a ‘lona’ and then caught up with their rivals at 21—all.
They, however, slipped down to 21—24 before staging another recovery to catch up at 24—all when seven minutes were left.
Anup raided to secure a valuable point to help India lead 25—24, the first time they had done in the entire match.
They added one more when Iranian’s fast raider Meraj Sheykh was caught and though Anup failed in his next raid, Meraj was again caught just as the clock ticked to full time with India ahead by two points.

Live: PM Modi s address to the nation on All India Radio34
0
In an attempt to reach out to the rural populace, PM addresses the nation on Friday via All India Radio at 11 am.
Live coverage
(Content below is refreshed only when page is reloaded.)
11:14 am: I believe in your strength and that is why I believe in the future of our country: PM
11:14 am: Today is the start. In future too I will keep talking to you on the Radio. It will be on a Sunday at 11:00 AM: PM
11:13 am: I want you to keep sharing these things with me. Together let us serve India and take our nation to newer heights: PM
11:13 am: I welcome your suggestions. I will try to take it forward to the nation too: PM
11:11 am: This nation belongs to everyone. It is important for people to be a part of the development journey: PM
11:11 am: I remember we began Khel Mahakumbh for specially-abled athletes and I myself would go and see the sports: PM
11:10 am: Need to implement schemes for specially-abled children: PM
11:09 am: It is the responsibility of the society and the nation as a whole to take care of specially-abled children.
11:08 am: 125 crore Indians are blessed with immense skill and strengthen. All we need to do is to understand our strength: PM
11:08 am: We need to know our strengths and forge ahead with our real identity: PM
11:06 am: We have to understand ourselves better and integrate our strengths. We are not lacking in strength: PM
11:05 am: If you buy Khadi, you light the lamp of prosperity in the house of a poor person: PM
11:05 am: Prime Minister urges people to buy Khadi products
11:04 am: Let us pledge to affirm to remove dirt. Yesterday we began the Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan and I want you all to join this Abhiyaan: PM
11:04 am: I will speak to you once or twice a month on Sundays: PM
11:04 am: PM pitches for 'Clean India' movement
11:03 am: I will try to continue this programme in the future too: PM
11:02 am: PM greets nation on Dusshehra.
11:02 am: Prime Minister's address to the nation begins
11:01 am: With radio, PM aims to reach out to the rural population.
11:00 am: Prime Minister Narendra Modi to address nation at 11 am.
3

J&K floods: 20-year-old brave heart dies while volunteering59
0
Srinagar: In a quiet corner of Srinagar, the cries of Adil Ahmed's grandmother fill the air. She and her family have been mourning the death of their 20-year-old. Adil Ahmed is one of the many unsung heroes of the Kashmir floods who drowned while distributing water to those marooned in the city.
Remembering the doomed day, his sister recalls how he had refused to listen to his mother and had set off to help those in need.
It has been a month since massive floods hit Jammu and Kashmir killing more than 300 people. However, the wounds are still fresh. Adil a Class X drop out was a plumber by profession. He was the only earning member of his family of seven.
#jammu and kashmir floods #jammu and kashmir #brave heart
When Adil's body was recovered, he had 10 bottles of mineral water strapped to his waist. The young boy had taken upon him to distribute the relief he had collected. He was swimming his way to an old woman when his feet got entangled in a wire drowning him.
In spite, of there being water everywhere in Srinagar, there wasn't a single drop of drinking water available. In such a situation Adil had a simple mission in his mind to make drinking water reach to all those who needed it.
"He promised me he will return. But he did not come back. I am extremely proud of my son," said Adil's mother with tears in her eyes. The future of the family is uncertain with Adil gone. But, what is certain is that Adil will always be remembered with pride as he died a Saheed.
Sometimes in life the biggest act of courage is a small one. Like Adil, there were many local volunteers who did all that they could to help the flood victims risking their own lives. These men and women whose deeds did not get noticed are the unsung heroes of the Kashmir floods. These people with their fearless hearts made all the difference.
32

Stock  forex  money markets closed for DussehraStock, forex, money markets closed for Dussehra
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 3:  
The Bombay Stock Exchange, the National Stock Exchange, forex, money and all commodity markets, including bullion and oils & oilseeds, will remain closed today on account of ‘Dussehra’.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Former Google exec Nikesh Arora leads Softbank invasion of HollywoodE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Whitehalls first chief executive appointedOctober 2, 2014 3:24 pm
Former BP man secures role as Whitehall’s first chief executive
By Sarah Neville Public Policy Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a0a9a8c4-4a18-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Short  intense workouts boostmemoryIndo-Asian News Service | Posted: October 3, 2014 11:34 am
An intense workout for as little as 20 minutes can enhance episodic or long term memory about previous events by about 10 percent in healthy young adults, say researchers.
Many existing studies have shown that long aerobic exercises like running can boost memory but the present study had participants lift weights just once every two days before testing them.
“Even without doing expensive MRI scans, our results give us an idea of what areas of the brain might be supporting these exercise-induced memory benefits,” said Audrey Duarte, an associate professor from the Georgia Institute of Technology’ school of psychology in the US.
For the study, the team showed 90 photos to the participants on a computer screen before they started stretching their legs.
The participants returned to the lab 48 hours later and saw a series of 180 pictures – the 90 originals were mixed in with 90 new photos.
Those who exercised remembered about 60 percent of the photos.
“Our study indicates that people do not have to dedicate large amounts of time to give their brain a boost,” said Lisa Weinberg, a Georgia Tech graduate student who led the project.
Although the study used weight exercises, resistance activities such as squats or knee bends would likely produce the same results, noted Weinberg.
“The findings are encouraging because they are consistent with rodent literature that pinpoints exactly the parts of the brain that play a role in memory benefits caused by exercise,” concluded Lisa Weinberg.
The study appeared in the journal Acta Psychologica.

Has PM Narendra Modi bowed to US pressure on patent lawsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

LIVE: Modi debuts on radio  reaching out to millions in rural areasThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Google plans to launch new mobile chat app; aims to take on WhatsApp  LineOct 03, 2014 at  02:18pm IST
Google plans to launch new mobile chat app; aims to take on WhatsApp, Line
95
2
Mumbai: Software giant Google plans to launch a mobile messaging app it is likely to test in India and other emerging markets, the Economic Times newspaper reported on Friday, citing sources.
The daily said Google was in the early stages of development of the app, which will not make it mandatory to use a Google login.
If launched, the mobile app will compete in the mobile chat space with the likes of WhatsApp, Line and Hike.
Google reportedly is in the early stages of development of the app, which will not make it mandatory to use a Google login. ( Google\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\ , via Shutterstock)
The Mountain View, California-based company is also looking at localization, by adding Indian language support and voice-to-text messaging, the newspaper said.
A Google spokeswoman said the company did not comment on speculation.
148

Dabur  TCS  GAIL and others pledge support to Swachh Bharat missionThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Apple and Google could be in crosshairs of Australian tax inquiryThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Indian Rupee fends off dollar surge on upbeat investment sentimentE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

The tongue-in-cheek review of BangBangBang Bang tongue-in-cheek review.
Express LOL | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 12:42 pm
The only difference between Bang Bang and Race 2 or Dhoom 3 is that they have different titles. Bang Bang is completely free of such things as stories, strong characters and physics. As you watch the caper unfold across three continents and almost three hours, know this: many others are suffering through the same experience. You are not alone.
Our Express LOL reporter left his brain behind, attended the red carpet premiere, and interviewed his fair share of celebrities. First was the man of the day, Mahatma Gandhi.
Guest No. 2 was the man behind 2 States (and many other numerically named books), Chetan Bhagat.
Next, he spoke to the least relevant former President of India, Pratibha Patil.
Finally, it was time to meet the Head of State of the country where a substantial portion of Bang Bang happened, Queen Elizabeth.

Team Happy New Year launches reality show for danceloversNo technique, no training, only dance 'dil se' -- that's the premise of 'Dil Se Naachein Indiawaale'.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 3, 2014 12:19 pm
No technique, no training, only dance ‘dil se’ — that’s the premise of “Dil Se Naachein Indiawaale”, a new reality show launched by Zee TV along with the team of forthcoming Bollywood entertainer “Happy New Year” here Thursday.
“Happy New Year” director Farah Khan, along with the film’s actors — Shah Rukh Khan, Abhishek Bachchan, Boman Irani, Sonu Sood and Vivaan Shah — launched the show at a lively press conference, where the media sampled the vivacious energy of two participants.
With participants as varied as Delhi-based nurse Nora Jon, who serves patients round the clock and then dances behind closed doors because it gives her unmatched joy; and a kitty party gang of middle-aged women who bond over dancing, the show, spread across a five-week format and a multi-city tour, attempts to give a platform to those who feel happy when they dance and spread happiness with their even not-so-perfect talent.
As Punit Goenka, managing director and chief executive officer, ZEEL, put it: “If ‘Dance India Dance’ is about celebrating dance as art form, Dil Se Naachein…’ is about celebrating it as a ‘heart’ form.”
The show’s format requires the film’s actors to be “Agents of Happiness”, and in this role, they will judge participants in four cities — Mumbai, Delhi, Indore and Ahmedabad via a joyride on a “Happy Dancing” bus.
The show, which will go on air Oct 11, has called for entries from dance enthusiasts across the country.
Dancers who have been shortlisted after their ‘Happy Dancing’ video have been shortlisted, will get a chance to perform in front of the “Agents of Happiness”.
Shah Rukh believes the show is a “perfect fit” for the movie, a heist drama which comes from his home production Red Chillies Entertainment.
Talking about the show, which takes film integration on TV and multi-city promotional tours for movies to another level, he said: “It is an amazing brand fit for our film, which also is a story of how a group of non-dancers go on to win hearts because se dances ‘dil se’.”
The film’s leading lady, Deepika Padukone was missing from the event, but Shah Rukh apologised on her behalf and revealed that she is suffering from a bad throat ever since they have returned from their recent tour from the US.
Nevertheless, the ‘men in black’ and their fun loving director added humor and chutzpah to the launch. Farah and Boman did an impromptu jig, while Sonu and Abhishek regaled the audience with their bits of dance. At the end, the film’s team invited all photographers to let loose and dance.

Kamal Haasan invites millions for Clean Indiacampaign"I thank our honourable PM for naming me among this august list," said Kamal Haasan.
Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai | Posted: October 3, 2014 12:14 pm
Actor-filmmaker Kamal Haasan, who was nominated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to work towards a cleaner India, humbly accepted the invitation and invited nine million people to make this a “nation building” initiative.
Modi Thursday also nominated actors Priyanka Chopra, Salman Khan and cricketer Sachin Tendulkar among others.
Modi has said the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan launched Thursday should clean up the country by 2019, the 150th anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
“I thank our honourable PM for naming me among this august list. I don’t think it’s a new duty I’ve been appointed but it’s a recognition of what I’ve already been doing. I invite nine million more people,” Kamal Haasan said in a video.
“I have been doing this cleansing for the last two decades through my fans who have converted the fan clubs into social service organizations. My work continues and this is not a public relations exercise. It’s a public work I’m part of,” he added.
Haasan said he will “pursue this exercise not for any political philosophy”.
Kamal is currently busy shooting for Tamil thriller “Papanasam”, a remake of Malayalam blockbuster “Drishyam”.

Maharashtra to see parties fight alone after quartercenturyComments
The last time Shiv Sena and BJP fought separately was before 1989 - the year their alliance was sealed and for Congress and NCP, it was before 1999 the year the Sharad Pawar-led party was formed.
The October 15 elections for the 288-member Maharashtra Assembly will be the first in over quarter of a century when major political parties will slug it out in the poll arena sans erstwhile alliance partners.
The last time Shiv Sena and BJP fought separately was before 1989 – the year their alliance was sealed and for Congress and NCP, it was before 1999 the year the Sharad Pawar-led party was formed.
The five main parties in fray – Congress, Shiv Sena, BJP, NCP and MNS — are vying for votes and all of them are claiming to get majority on their own, without the need of post-poll alliances.
“If the Raj Thackeray-led MNS eats into Shiv Sena votes, then there is a possibility that BJP may emerge as the single largest party, followed by Sena, Congress and NCP in the order,” according to political analyst Surendra Jondhale.
“The poll campaign has just begun. Let us see how it develops. It is too early to predict an outcome at this moment,” Jondhale, a professor at the Mumbai University, said.
He said this election will provide each party an opportunity to expand their political base and also to identify their social base.
“We will also see a demarcation of urban and rural voters, a pattern will emerge on the issues that what voters in these belts feel,” he said.
Four issues — Marathi identity, Hindutva, corruption and development — will be the major ones around which this election would be centred, Jondhale said.
“Prime Minister Narendra Modi is yet to come and address poll rallies. We will know the impact of the ‘Modi wave’ after he addresses public rallies,” he said adding, as far as political aspirations are concerned, voters are waiting for Modi to justify and deliver on his poll promises during Lok Sabha elections.
The concepts of political fidelity and party ideology were losing out to the lure of political interests and ambitions, as seen from the massive defections from various parties in last few days, Jondhale said.
A look at the Assembly elections after the Sena-BJP alliance was sealed in 1989 shows that the Bal Thackeray-Pramod Mahajan combine was bang on target in forging the tieup as the saffron partners went on to bag power in 1995.
In the 1990 polls, Congress had won 141, Sena 52 and BJP 42. Sharad Pawar was elected the chief minister.
In the 1995 polls, Congress won 80, Sena 73 and BJP 65 and Sena leader Manohar Joshi was elected the chief minister.
Congress went on to win highest of 75 seats in the continued…

We must realise our internal strengths the power of 125 crore people: PM Modi in radioaddressPrint
Modi advocated the need for use of khadi products as a homage to Mahatma Gandhi.
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 11:58 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 3:21 pm
Seeking to reach out to more people, Prime Minister Narendra Modi Friday addressed the countrymen over radio for the first time, giving a pep talk about how to shed despondency and use their skills for betterment and prosperity of the country.
He advocated the need for use of khadi products as a homage to Mahatma Gandhi and impressed upon the people to generate confidence among themselves, including the specially-abled children.
Promising to make the radio broadcast a regular affair, Modi invited ideas from the citizens while noting that he had been receiving a number of suggestions since it was announced that he would be addressing the nation over radio.
In his 15-minute address, he sought to motivte people to recognise their capabilities and use them.
“You know, our scientists have undertaken the Mars mission successfully at minimum expenses. There is nothing lacking in our capabilities. We only have forgotten our strengths. We have forgotten ourselves as if we have become despondents. My brothers and sisters, this cannot be,” he said.
“We need to recognise our internal strengths,” the Prime Minister said while narrating a short story of Swami Vivekananda about how a lion brought up by sheep rediscovered his prowess after coming in touch with another lion.
“If we move ahead with self-respect and right identity, we will emerge victorious,” he said.
He also referred to Mahatma Gandhi, whose birth anniversary was celebrated yesterday, and impressed upon people to use at least one khadi product, may it be a handkerchief or even a bedsheet.
It will benefit the poor, he said.
Porters at a railway station in Ludhiana listening to Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s first radio address — “Mann ki Baat”. (Source: Gurmeet Singh)
In the ‘Mann ki Baat’ (heart talk) programme that coincided with Dussehra, the Prime Minister said, “the 125 crore Indians are blessed with immense skill and strength. All we need to do is to understand our strengths.”
He cited some suggestions received by him through emails, which included that skill development should start from 5th Standard, special programmes for specially-abled children to motivate them, more dustins, ban on polythene and making easier the registration of small scale industries.
“If you have ideas and actual incidents which are constructive, do share with me. Together let us serve India and take our Nation to newer heights,” Modi said.
Referring to the specially-abled children, he said they should be a part of the development journey as the nation belongs to everyone.
“They are the responsibility of not only their families but the entire society,” he said.
Appreciating the suggestion for special programmes for the specially-abled children, Modi recalled his days as Gujarat Chief Minister and said “we began Khel Mahakumbh for specially-abled athletes and I myself would go and see the continued…

Shah Rukh Khan says  he is weak-hearted and cant judgeothersShah Rukh Khan will soon don the hat of a judge.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 3, 2014 11:35 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 12:11 pm
Bollywood ‘badshah’ Shah Rukh Khan prefers to avoid being judgemental about others. He says he doesn’t like to judge shows and competitions because he considers himself “weak-hearted”.
The actor, along with the team of his forthcoming film ‘Happy New Year’, will soon don the hat of a judge for a one-of-a-kind reality show ‘Dil Se Naachein Indiawaale’, to be aired October 11 on Zee TV. It’s a promotional initiative for his film, but that doesn’t change the fact that SRK hates to judge.
“I am very weak-hearted. I’m a bad judge and I’m not judgmental about others,” Shah Rukh said during a press conference here Thursday.
As part of “Dil Se Naachein…”, Shah Rukh, along with his “Happy New Year” team, will go on a multi-city tour, visiting Mumbai, Delhi, Indore and Ahmedabad in search of ‘happy dancers’. They will be judging these dancers based on their zest and ability to spread happiness.
“I feel people who have the jazbaa (zest), those who can perform on the stage in front of thousands and lakhs of people uninhibitedly and entertain them without thinking of the complexities and technicalities of the art…will be great. I’m not a good judge. I will keep giving ten on ten,” Shah Rukh said.
He narrated an incident of his past experience as a judge of a beauty queen pageant.
“I asked Waheeda Rehman-ji to tell me the marks she was giving, because I couldn’t judge them (the contestants).
“I avoid judging shows and I would rather go and tell everyone that ‘you’re doing very well’ because it has happened with me. I don’t have too much talent, but people have always given me ten on ten,” said the actor, who made a successful transition from TV to films.
His forthcoming movie is a heist drama, also starring Deepika Padukone, Abhishek Bachchan, Boman Irani, Sonu Sood and Vivaan Shah. Directed by Farah Khan, the film will be Bollywood’s big Diwali release this year.

No idea why SpiceJet is attacking us: Chand...I have no idea why SpiceJet is attacking us: AirAsia India CEO Mittu Chandilya
By ET Bureau | 3 Oct, 2014, 09.02AM IST
0
Share More
AirAsia CEO Mittu Chandilya laughs off the idea of a rival airline boss poking pins in his voodoo doll, but AirAsia's Mittu Chandilya's 'aggressive side' will come out if you 'touch his team'.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Masoom Gupte
If love for social media is a parameter to go by, Mittu Chandilya of AirAsia is every bit a CEO of this generation. Whether it's pictures of a day out with the boss (Tony Fernandes, founder, AirAsia) in Mumbai, a compliment paid to a rival airline (Aditya Ghosh, CEO, IndiGo Airlines) for their work during the recent J&K floods, or a double date dinner with Snapdeal's founder Kunal Bahl and their respective spouses, Chandilya posts regular updates on Twitter.
Yet it's on this micro-blogging site that India's airline wars often unfold, like Fernandes accusing IndiGo of playing dirty or when SpiceJet COO Sanjiv Kapoor's leaked company email took potshots purportedly at Chandilya.
But Chandilya has an easy attitude when he sits down for a chat with ETPanache at a Mumbai hotel lounge. The AirAsia CEO is on a flying visit to announce the launch of Vijay Amritraj's Champions Tennis League, in which his wife Inga and he have bought the Bengaluru team.
Chandilya, who trained with former Indian tennis star Ramesh Krishnan at one point, even got a partial tennis scholarship for his MBA program in the US. "I don't come from a wealthy background to try and play with this (the League). But I believe in tennis," says Chandilya, before discussing the recent storms that AirAsia has flown into:
In a recent interview to Economic Times, Tony Fernandes said that SpiceJet COO Sanjiv Kapoor is obsessed with and probably even has a voodoo doll of you. What did you say to him after reading the statement?
To Tony? I never tell Tony anything (laughs). The thing I love about Tony is that he is very direct, very open. He says what he means and what he sees. I don't think people should pick on other people. That's not the way it should be. I don't know what Spice(Jet) is going through. I have no idea why they were attacking on Twitter.
Should the captains of industry stick to certain rules of engagement?
What India has taught me over the last 18 months is that there are no rules, there is no code of conduct. So, I'm not disappointed in that. But I think you have to be mature about a few things.
You never see me reply to any of those things and I don't plan to. You know it's his voice. That's the beauty of social media. Anybody can talk, anybody can be direct. You got to take the good and the bad. I can't comment on what he's doing.
But one notices that you retweet, not tweet. You never put your comments out there.
I try to not keep my tweets negative. I could easily go that route. But being the CEO of an airline, you don't share everything all the time. There are a lot of things going on in the back room. You have to protect the company, its reputation and your peers.
I have views about service levels, innovation, routes but I'll never comment on another airline. But, never say never. Push me to a limit and I will come out. And I am a very aggressive, competitive person. Touch my team, touch my organisation, talk badly about them and you will see a different side to me.
What about the FIA membership issues? Is there any progress on that front?
Not that I know of. It is an Indian airline, with 51 per cent Indian ownership, four Indian board members versus one foreigner. The entire management team is Indian, including myself. So I'd hope that they recognise us as an Indian carrier and allow us to join the FIA. We are keen on that. We've applied a couple of times and haven't heard back yet.
Does it surprise you that you are facing these issues despite the backing of the Tata Group?
It doesn't actually surprise me. It surprises me to the degree that they are going against us. I think it (airlines) is a very competitive industry. The war for passengers is high.
Plus you have eight competitors here, which is different from Malaysia where there are just two. That's why it's a lot hungrier, a lot more aggressive. So I don't think you get additional support or respect or a lack of it because of their (Tata's) involvement.
Which airlines do you pick when you travel on routes with no AirAsia flights currently operational?
I usually go with Air India or Jet Airways. Jet has fabulous service and is a really good airline and I'm proud of it as an Indian. Air India is our national carrier and I'm partial towards that. If there is an opportunity, I try and take them (Air India).
On the DGCA making AirAsia withdraw its inflight magazines for misrepresenting J&K borders on the India map:
That was very unfortunate. The reality is we messed up. I was very embarrassed as an Indian. These magazines were printed in Malaysia and we've learnt from it. We withdrew all magazines within four hours across all 180 planes. From October, these magazines will be printed locally. Honestly, no other comments other than we messed up.

Asian stocks shake off blues  $ pins hopes on jobs dataThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Maharashtra to see parties  fight alone  after quarter centuryThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

I believe it will still move up from here and close near 200 odd or so...307 Followers
molly...now I know why u five starred me in rei board!
that shift to oct puts immediately after sept expiry was a bit tricky for me due to high premium.
I am no longer worried after seeing sgx nifty figures on 2 and three.
any way I will encash my puts sometimes next week and then buy them again if they become weak due to a bounce back in nifty.
best wishes...do not stray in to rei agro...it is a king cobra that took many lives.

Don`t worry. i said it`s iv play. i will exit before results.Platinum Member
315 Followers
Advance congratulations... whatever you do.. taking money home is important at the end of the day.. NASDAQ tumbled 1.8%. Although, I closed my 20 lots in nifty.. I have opened PEs in INFY for 2 reasons. At present , IV is only 38-40. I am expecting that it will shoot up to 80 before results. That will give me around 50% returns on my PEs. since INFY ADR tumbled with high volumes. So, it may give extra returns.
12.30 PM Oct 2nd

Reversal in trend is confirmed for this scrip . balrampur chini mills ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Liberty will touch 320 soon . rsi on buy side . made a good rebounce a...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Brent bounces off 27-month low towards $94  still faces weekly lossBrent bounces off 27-month low towards $94, still faces weekly loss
Reuters
Tweet
Singapore, Oct 3:  
Brent crude futures rose towards $94 a barrel on Friday after a three-day slide pulled prices to their lowest since 2012, but the overall tone remains bearish, amid ample supply.
The crude benchmark is set to end lower for the fourth week in five, having fallen more than 15 per cent this year as global supplies have remained high despite conflict in the Middle East.
"I think the market will continue to push prices lower because of concerns over the glut, but I think the market is (also) being complacent about the risks," said Jonathan Barratt, chief investment officer at Ayers Alliance in Sydney.
"I feel there's a lot of geopolitical risk out there and it could get worse."
The turmoil in Iraq sent Brent to a nine-month high of $115.71 a barrel in June, but prices have fallen since, with no disruptions to global oil supply and Libyan output even rising.
New tensions in the Middle East are cropping up, however. Turkey's parliament authorised the government on Thursday to order military action against Islamic State as the insurgents tightened their grip on a Syrian border town, sending thousands more Kurdish refugees into Turkey.
Brent for November delivery was up 33 cents at $93.75 a barrel by 0643 GMT. But the contract is down more than $3 for the week, having hit $91.55 on Thursday, its lowest since June 2012.
US November crude added 48 cents to $91.49 per barrel. It has lost around $2 this week, its steepest weekly fall in a month. It hit $88.18 in the previous session, its lowest point since April 2013.
NON-FARM POSITIONING
Some investors may be betting on a softer US jobs number for September that could sap the dollar's strength and boost commodities, such as oil, said Ric Spooner, chief market analyst at CMC Markets.
"We might be seeing some positioning or buying as a defence against the risk of the nonfarm payrolls being skewed to the downside," said Spooner. A weaker greenback makes dollar-priced commodities cheaper for buyers using other currencies.
But economists polled by Reuters forecast that US nonfarm payrolls probably rose by 215,000 last month against 142,000 in August.
Some analysts say only a cut in output by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries may rescue oil prices as expectations rise that they will agree to do so at their meeting next month in Vienna.
While some OPEC countries are calling for supply cuts, however, other core members are betting winter demand will revive the market, suggesting the group is no closer to any collective steps.
"I think once we get down to $85-$90 for Brent, one would imagine that OPEC would be beginning to talk about tightening supply," said CMC Markets' Spooner.
Saudi Arabia's move on Wednesday to cut official oil sale prices (OSPs) to Asian customers helped to send prices sharply lower this week. The move was seen as a strong sign it is trying to compete for crude market share and keep markets well supplied.
But changes in Asia OSPs have tended in the past to be the result of demand for Saudi Arabian crude, not a driver of it, Morgan Stanley analysts said.
"We acknowledge other factors are at play that could change the historical relationship, but we do not see evidence that this latest adjustment is an effort to lift production, avoid production cuts, or punish other producers," the analysts said in a research note.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Asean FTA review shows India  got almost nothingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Microsoft unveils new OS  to be called Windows 10Microsoft unveils new OS, to be called Windows 10
Bill Rigby     San Francisco   Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 11:02 IST
(Photo: AP)
Microsoft Corporation on Tuesday announced its 'Windows 10' operating system to replace the largely unpopular Windows 8, skipping a number to mark a leap toward unifying the way people work on tablets, phones and traditional computers.
The next version of the technology giant's flagship product, which still runs the vast majority of personal computers and is used by 1.5 billion customers worldwide, is aimed at recapturing the lucrative business market, which generally ignored the new-look Windows 8.
Windows 10 will be "our greatest enterprise platform ever," said Terry Myerson, Microsoft's head of operating systems, at an event in San Francisco. Only 20 per cent of organisations migrated to Windows 8, which was released two years ago, according to tech research firm Forrester. Many PC users disliked the touch-optimised interface and bemoaned the loss of the traditional start-button pop-up menu.
He said Windows 10, long known by the project name 'Threshold' internally, represented a new type of system for the company, as it seeks to unify computing as mobile devices proliferate. The name represented that leap, he said.
"Windows 10 adapts to the devices customers are using, from Xbox to PCs and phones to tablets and tiny gadgets," said Myerson.
The software major faces an uphill struggle in reigniting excitement about Windows. With the rise of Apple's iPhone and iPad, and Google's Android devices, Windows no longer plays a central role in many people's on-screen lives.
According to research firm Gartner, from a virtual monopoly on personal computing 10 years ago, Windows now runs only about 14 per cent of devices.
The reaction to the announcement was cautious as shares of Microsoft fell in the US stock market.
"It's a bold statement for Microsoft to make," said Daniel Ives, an analyst at FBR Capital Markets. "So far there's not as much meat on the bone as we would have wanted, although it's still very early days."
An early version of the software, demonstrated on stage by Microsoft executive Joe Belfiore, showed two modes, one optimised for touch-controlled tablets, and one for PCs using a mouse and keyboard. Users can switch between the two depending on the device.
Myerson did not say exactly how or when the new Windows would be rolled out, but other executives said Microsoft was aiming for a full release in spring 2015. A technical preview can be downloaded from Microsoft's website, starting on Wednesday, for users to try out and give the company feedback.
"They were trying to start the messaging for a product that won't actually ship until sometime around the middle of next year," said Gartner analyst Steve Kleynhans at the event. "This was to tell the PC installed base that there is a future and it doesn't have to be covered over in brightly colored tiles, or force them to abandon everything they've learned over the past 15 years."
Myerson said his team toyed with calling the new product Windows One to emphasise the unity of all the companies' products, but noted that name had already been used.
(Reuters)

Watch video: This is how we should raise our  LaadliPrint
Stills from Laadli
Written by Parmita Uniyal | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 2:17 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 2:21 pm
She has a dream, she wants to fly high. Meanwhile she’s running in her garden clutching a paper plane.
She’s a Laadli of the house, cynosure of all eyes and a multi-talented woman. And this Laadli features in a superb music video composed and conceptualised by AR Rahman. The music and the lyrics flow along with the innocence, strength, creativity, determination and the dream of its main protagonist.
Kapil Sibal’s poetry, Lata Mangeshkar’s voice and AR Rahman’s music, can we ask for more? But what wins hands down is the concept of the video, which puts you on an emotional joyride, while driving you to a strong message. It is directed by Bejoy Nambiar.
Sample the lyrics:
Raunaq sabhi ki tu raunak sabhi ki
Rab tainu sab kuch de
Laadli tu hai ghar ki
Raunaq sabhi ki tu raunak sabhi ki
The laadli in the video is traditional and culturally rooted. She’s also a fighter; she picks up a hockey stick to smash the heads of goons who are trying to molest a girl. The harmless eyes are all of a sudden enraged, when she turns back and looks at the spectators who were just watching the helpless girl and doing nothing.
In the next frame, she joins a friend’s wedding laughing and cheering her up when she gets emotional.
The last segment of the video evokes myriad emotions in you, as it veers towards its culmination. The paper plane is back to the picture, but this time, you know what it means.
Laadli will make you proud of your daughter. Laadli will give wings to the million of dreams. Laadli is definitely a winner.
Watch the video and tell us what you think in the comments box below:

New low Less than 2 lakh registrations for CAT 2014Registrations for CAT 2014 fall to a new low; lack of promotions, craze of overseas degree main reasons
Sreeradha Basu, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 04.09AM IST
Tags:
Cat
(This year, 65% of US programmes report…)
MUMBAI: The number of registrations for the Common Admission Test (CAT) 2014 for entry to the prestigious Indian Institutes of Management (IIMs) has fallen to a new low of 1,89,759, despite six proposed IIMs being added to the existing 13.
So are the IIMs somehow losing their lustre? Not quite, say the experts. But they need to do something about promoting CAT — fewer non-IIM schools now accept it as an avenue for admission. About 1.96 lakh vouchers were sold last year, with registrations for the test closing at a little over 1.94 lakh. This in itself marked a seven-year low, down nearly 33% from the peak in 2008.
This is in contrast with the findings of Global Management Admission Council 2014 Applications Trends survey released end-September, which states that for the second year in a row, a majority of full-time, two-year MBA programmes globally reported rising or stable application volumes. According to GMAC, in 2014, 61% of schools globally teaching two-year degrees saw a rise in applications, up from 50% of schools in 2013.
While India-specific figures are not yet available for 2014, the percentage increase in the number of GMAT test takers from India over 2010-2013 is 25%. In contrast, the number of CAT takers has dropped 7.35% from 2.04 lakh in CAT 2010. The highest number of GMAT exams was delivered in India in 2013. In all, 22,878 candidates took the test from India in 2013 compared with 22,310 a year ago and 18,321 in 2010.Narayanan Ramaswamy, partner and head, education & skill development, KPMG in India, says the time has come to question whether the CAT as an examination is contemporary or not.
"IIMs are not coming down in their popularity. The number of aspirants for IIMs may not have reduced, but there is a reduction in the number of people who use CAT as their means of getting to top B-schools," he said.
"Everything needs promotion . CAT needs to have a team working on popularising it." While six proposed IIMs have been added to the existing ones, there has been a decline in the number of non-IIM business schools that accept CAT marks for admission, following the CAT 2012 controversy. Around 90 or so such schools will accept CAT scores this year for admission, compared with close to 150 a few years ago.
Also, added Ramaswamy, new IIMs need to find a way to differentiate themselves and create a proper positioning among a glut of management institutes. "Otherwise students would opt for other wellknown B-schools which may not use CAT as an entry examination." Sankarshan Basu, chairperson, Career Development Services, IIM-Bangalore, said a number of students who know that they won't make it to a top Indian B-school hrough CAT are looking at alternatives abroad.
"There is this craze for an overseas degree . Many of those who don't make it to top-ranked B-schools abroad are willing to go down the ladder and look at lowerranked institutes," he says. GMAC survey also states that since 2012, much of the growth in US full-time twoyear MBA programmes stems from increased overseas admissions.
This year, 65% of US programmes report receiving more applications from foreign candidates, up from 56% in 2013, and 41% in 2012. US schools report that India and China are largest sources of foreign candidates.
CAT 2014 convenor Rohit Kapoor of IIM Indore said that even after September 30, the last day of online registrations, he got frequent calls requesting an extension of the deadline. "The load was extremely high on the last day and the maximum number of registrations, in fact, happened on the last few days."
FEATURED ARTICLES

IISc  Punjab University top Indian institutions in Times World RankingsYou are here: Home > Collections
IISc, Panjab University top Indian institutions in Times World Rankings
Sreeradha Basu, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 05.27AM IST
Tags:
IISC
(Two other Indian universities…)
MUMBAI: A spot in the top 200 continues to elude India in the Times Higher Education World University Rankings of 2014-15, but new entrant Indian Institute of Science and Panjab University have made it to the top 400, emerging as the joint No. 1 among Indian universities.
Both are in the group of universities ranked 276-300. While IISc debuted after being considered for the listing for the first time since it started to admit undergraduate students, Panjab University slipped from last year's group ranked 226-250. Individual rankings are given to universities in the top 200 whereas the rest are bunched up in batches of 25 or 50.
Two other Indian universities in the top 400 are the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay, and the Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee, both in the 351-400 group. IIT Bombay was missing in the rankings last year. IIT Delhi, IIT Kharagpur and IIT Kanpur, all in the 351-400 band last year, slipped out of this year's list. Globally, the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena retained the No. 1 spot for the fourth consecutive year, ahead of Harvard University in second and the University of Oxford in third.
Stanford University holds fourth place and the UK's University of Cambridge moves up two places to fifth. According to data shared in an e-mail to ET, IISc in Bangalore scored 32.6 in teaching, 39.5 in research, 51.6 in citations, 37.9 in industry income and 18.2 in international outlook. Panjab University in Chandigarh scored 84.4 in citations, 29.2 in international outlook, 28.3 in industry income, 23.7 in teaching and 10.5 in research.
"It is good news that India now has two universities in the world top 300, compared to just one last year. But it should be a cause for serious concern that a country of India's size, growing economic strength and great intellectual history, does not yet have a top-200 entrant, and does not seem to be making enough progress up the rankings," Phil Baty, the editor of Times Higher Education World University Rankings, said in a release.
"Many countries put serious resources into improving the global profile and performance of their universities as part of their economic growth plans, and India needs to ensure it does not fall too far behind." Baty told ET that although there was a 25% increase in participation from Indian institutes, small movements in a university's position can result in big changes, such as dropping out of the table.
"Factors such as more and more universities participating from across the globe can also be cruel and in some cases can result in institutions falling out of the top 400. These Indian institutes (which have not made it this time) only rest just outside of the top 400, however. It will not be impossible for them to regain lost ground," added Baty.
Published by the Times Higher Education magazine, the university rankings are considered among the most prestigious of its kind. Rankings are compiled on the basis of 13 criteria across five categories - teaching (30%), research (30%), citation impact (30%), international outlook (7.5%) and industry income (2.5%).
FEATURED ARTICLES

Super 30 founder Anand Kumar inspires students at MITSuper 30 fame Anand Kumar inspires students at Massachusetts Institute of Technology
PTI Oct 1, 2014, 05.48PM IST
Tags:
Anand Kumar
(He gave examples of several…)
BOSTON (US): Technology should not create islands, but help develop inclusive society, Indian mathematician and founder of Super 30, Anand Kumar , today said
and asked technocrats to move out of laboratories and work for betterment of poor through their specialised knowledge.
"Time has come for the tech experts to move out of the labs to get a feel of world's pressing problems and find solutions. Problem across the globe is more or less the same - of poverty and deprivation. Spare a thought for those who don't even get electricity and clean water even in this advanced age," he said at the prestigious Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) here.
"Technology should not create islands, but help develop inclusive society," he said adding human dimension to science and technology would make world a much better place.
Kumar, who has transformed hundreds lives of underprivileged students through education was delivering lecture at media Lab of MIT, a statement issued by Super 30 said.
He would speak at Harvard University tomorrow. "Technology should not just remain a tool to make big money. It should be made a big weapon in the fight against illiteracy so that even the poorest could get quality education, which a huge population of the world remains deprived of. This costs the world a lot of talent," he added.
He gave examples of several Super 30 students who were first generation learners and from underprivileged sections of the society.
Experiencing acute poverty in his student days, which prevented him from attending Cambridge University for higher education, Kumar made it a mission to help wards of people from underprivileged sections realise their dreams by making to top technical institutions.
Launched in 2002, 308 students from Super 30 have made it to IITs out of 360 who appeared from the institution so far. At Super 30, food and accommodation are provided free of cost. Apart from round the clock mentoring.
Super 30 has featured in the national and international news media. Japan's famous actress Norika Fujiwara and its NHK channel have featured the initiative, as has French 24, Discovery Channel and CC TV from China.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bigg Boss 8: Gautam  Praneet nominatedPritam’s team is allowed no privileges and they are required to seek an approval or permission from members of Deepshika’s team.
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 2, 2014 3:31 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 3:46 pm
By now the vibes of animosity, envy and distrust have made their way into the controversial and highly dramatic ‘Bigg Boss’ house. Dipshika’s team calls the shots in the house, while Pritam’s team have no choice but to oblige. Dipshika’s team enjoys full privilege of not doing any house chores, while their demands are met by the slaves.
Pritam’s team is allowed no privileges and they are required to seek an approval or permission from members of Dipshika’s team. Pritam’s team decided to carry out their slave task sportingly.
Gautam dressed as a French waiter served Dipshika’s team, while the rest of them cooked food and cleaned up the house. However, all is not peaceful, and a rift has formed between the two teams of the house.
All the housemates were asked to gather in the living area and Bigg Boss announced the nominations procedure for the week. With the Big Bomb being thrown on Sukirti, her nomination by Sonali for this week was imminent. While most predicted that Gautam would be an obvious choice of nomination, it was yet to be seen who would be the other housemate accompanying Gautam and Sukirti under the danger of eviction this week.
The housemates were called into the confessions room separately. Each one gave 3 names of their choice, and finally Gautam and Praneet were the housemates with the maximum number of nominations.
There was a surprise element as well, when Sonali Raut made a comeback into the show, baffling the housemates. However, with Sonali’s entry, Bigg Boss has once again made the house full with all 15 members under one roof. Bigg Boss also gave each of the nominated contestants an opportunity to appeal to the audience as well as sort any differences with other members of the house through a tete-a-tete called ‘Dil Ki baat Pritam ke Saath’.

iPhone 6 selling at starting price of about Rs. 56 000 in IndiaNEW DELHI, October 2, 2014
Updated: October 2, 2014 16:26 IST
iPhone 6 selling at starting price of about Rs. 56,000 in India
PTI
AP Amazon website showed that iPhone 6 is selling for around USD 750, including shipping cost, in US which amounts to about Rs 46,000.
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Vendors through e-commerce have starting offering premium smartphone iPhone 6 at price starting from around Rs. 56,000 for which official launch date and other details are yet to be announced by company.
A vendor at EBay is offering iPhone 6 for about Rs. 55,954 and promising October 8 as estimated time to deliver the product without any extra shipping cost.
Another vendor on ShopClues.com in a mailer shared price of iPhone 6 16 GB with 4.7 inch screen size at Rs. 59,999. The e-commerce firm is charging Rs. 149 as shipping cost and promising on its website to deliver product by October 8.
Apple unveiled these phone on September 9 and reports have speculated that Apple may officially start selling iPhone 6 series in India from mid-October or early November.
Amazon website showed that iPhone 6 is selling for around $750, including shipping cost, in U.S. which amounts to about Rs. 46,000.
Vendors at E-bay have also started pre-booking iPhone 6 Plus which has 5.5 inch screen for price starting around Rs. 77,000.
Both iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus come with 8 megapixel camera and 1.2 Mp front camera. Both these phones support 2G, 3G and 4G network. They in three versions in terms of storage: 16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB.
Compared to a thickness of 7.6 mm of iPhone 5S, the sixth generation has a thickness of 6.9 mm (iPhone 6) and 7.1 mm (iPhone 6 Plus), respectively.
According to research firm IDC, Samsung is the market leader with 25.2 per cent share of the global smartphone market, followed by Apple (11.9 per cent) and Huawei (6.9 per cent) during the second quarter of 2014.
A total of 295.3 million smartphones were shipped in the April-June 2014 quarter, up 23.1 per cent from 240 million in the same period last year.
Shop Clues declined to comment while no comments were received from Apple and EBay.

Asian Games: India win women s 4x400m relay goldIndian women's 4x400m relay team strikes gold
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS India Private Limited/Yahoo India News –  Thu 2 Oct, 2014
Print
Incheon, Oct 2 (IANS) The Indian women's 4x400 metres relay team Thursday successfully defended their Asian Games title with a new record at the Incheon Asiad Main Stadium here.
The Indian team comprising Priyanka Panwar, Tintu Luka, Mandeep Kaur and M. Poovamma completed the race in three minutes and 28.68 seconds to overhaul the record which was also set by India in the 2010 Guangzhou Games.
The Japanese team of Aoyama Seika, Matsumoto Nanako, Ichikawa Kana and Chiba Asami set a season's best time of 3:30.8 to take home the silver while China's Li Manyuan, Wang Huan, Chen Jingwen and Cheng Chong clinched the bronze in 3:32.02, also a season's best time.
Mandeep is the only existing member of the team that won the gold four years ago along with Manjeet Kaur, Sini Jose and Ashwini Akkunji.
Mandeep, who ran the last leg in 2010, gave the baton to Poovamma for the last leg.
Recommend

Priyanka Chopra accepts PM s  Clean India Campaign  invite— Priyanka Chopra FC (@PeeCeeManiac) October 2, 2014
Modi today appealed to people to dedicate 100 hours a year towards cleanliness, and as a part of which he also invited Bollywood stars Salman Khan and Kamal Haasan to help clean public places.
Bollywood superstar Aamir Khan also joined Modi’s mission by taking the pledge with him at the India Gate to thousands of people, including schools children and government employees at Rajpath for remaining committed to cleanliness to make the country clean.
(With PTI Inputs)

Buffett admits huge mistake on TescoWarren Buffett admits Tesco investment ‘a huge mistake’
By John Aglionby and Andrea Felsted in London and Stephen Foley in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/27963a92-4a36-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

In pics: PM Modi  his ministers wield the broom for  Swachh Bharat  mission6
0
In his bid to clean India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday launched the 'Swachh Bharat' campaign. He also administered a pledge to thousands of people, including school children and government employees at Rajpath to remain committed to keep India clean.
PM Modi picks up the broom and sweeps in Valmiki Basti.
PM Modi cleans initiates the Clean India movement by sweeping Valmiki Basti.
PM Modi met and interacted with workers in Valmiki Basti.
PM Modi waves a flag as he joins others in a walkathon as part of the nationwide cleanup campaign.
Students participate in the Clean India walkathon on Thursday.
PM Modi waves a flag as he joins school children in the walkathon.
Thousands of school children, officials and ordinary people picked up brooms and dustpans Thursday to join a countrywide campaign to clean parks, public buildings and streets.
Union Minister Prakash Javadekar speaking on awareness campaign of Swachh Bharat Mission, at New Delhi Railway Station on October 02, 2014.
Union Minister Kalraj Mishra participating in the cleaning drive, at Deoria Railway Junction, during the Swachh Bharat Mission, in UP.
Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad participating in the cleaning drive at Patna Junction, during the Swachh Bharat Mission, in Bihar.
Union Minister Dr Harsh Vardhan undertook surprise checks to see cleanliness, at Lady Hardinge Hospital, in New Delhi.
The Chief of Naval Staff, Admiral RK Dhowan participating in the cleaning drive, during the Swachh Bharat Mission, in New Delhi.
35

MNCs like PepsiCo  Whirlpool hiring Indians for top leadership roles in ChinaYou are here: Home > Collections
MNCs like PepsiCo, Whirlpool ,others increasingly hiring Indians for top leadership roles in China
Anumeha Chaturvedi & Prachi Verma, ET Bureau Oct 3, 2014, 10.07AM IST
Tags:
CEO
(The Chinese are known for…)
NEW DELHI: Sangeeta Sabharwal, managing partner of executive search firm Taplow Group in India, is working on a critical mandate to recruit an Indian strategist for a global IT product company in China. Her search has led her to conclude that demand for Indian talent in China is on an upswing. "Earlier, it was Indian companies, but now global MNCs are looking at hiring Indian talent in senior roles there," she says.
The Chinese are known for a tendency to obey, whereas Indians can think out of the box and challenge the status quo, which is important in roles like strategy, she adds. Atul Vohra, CEO of Transearch, has worked on several mandates for China in the infrastructure space and for mining and metals giants.
Companies are looking at setting up large procurement offices there and need senior general management professionals for roles in supply chain and sourcing. "As time progresses, China as a market for Indian talent will only grow in enormity," he says. Language barriers aside, an insular China was never known to have been a bright spot for Indians looking to find jobs there.
But, befriending the dragon seems to be getting easier now as head hunters report an increase in mandates from the country, and companies, both global and Indian, look at Indian talent to drive their China growth story. Indians working with global companies are often placed in senior roles in China in prepaation for large leadership roles in future.
Though boundary disputes and transgressions dominated recent talks between prime minister Narendra Modi and Chinese president Xi Jinping, head hunters feel there could be a shift in terms of creating greater interest among job seekers for China in the coming years, driven by partnerships between the two governments. Already, Indians are calling the shots in leadership roles in China in companies like Whirlpool, PepsiCo, Colgate Palmolive, and Philips, according to Gauri Padmanabhan, a partner at Heidrick and Struggles' New Delhi office.
Indians fit into senior roles in MNCs for roles in marketing, innovation, research and development and supply chain, where English is the official language. Pepsico sent Pavan Bhatia, its chief HR officer in India, to Greater China in 2011.
Pepsico also elevated George Covoor as general manager and VP, China Foods in March this year. PepsiCo India has been a training ground for many leaders and over the years, over 70 senior leaders from here have made their way into the company's global system, says Samik Basu, who took over from Bhatia in India.
"India is a highly competitive and complex market. It provides a unique leadership experience that is highly valued across emerging and developing markets," he adds. Senior leaders from the India business who have worked with PepsiCo in China include Vinod Rao who was the CFO, Greater China, during 2008-11. Ajay Singh Shekhawat, client partner, EMA Partners International, says his firm sees China attracting an increasing number of Indian talent for senior roles in banking and private equity in the near future.
"Other services sectors like airlines and telecom might also see various roles opening up for Indians but again only at senior levels," he said. The ability to think out of the box and greater exposure make Indians a hit in China for roles requiring innovation and consumer insights.
Citi got Anand Selvakesari, currently the consumer banking head of Asean and India, to drive its consumer banking business in China. Prior to his role in India, Selvakesari was head of consumer banking in Citi China from 2008. Under his leadership, the franchise is said to have grown multi-fold to become an industry leader in innovation with many firstto-market products.
 
Through Indian talent, China could look at strengthening its services backbone. Navnit Singh, chairman and managing director of India for Korn/Ferry International, says Indians are moving into companies in automobiles, IT services and manufacturing. "In such MNCs, Indians are either in a CEO position or a notch below," he says. China's manufacturing sector is slowing down, and it might look at positioning itself as a services country. But this will easily take five to 10 years, he adds.
This is one trend worth watching out for
FEATURED ARTICLES

Clean India movement should also clean the air (Comment: Special to IANS)Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

US calls Modi-Obama talks extraordinarily successfulComments
The United States on Thursday described Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s meetings with President Barack Obama earlier this week “extraordinarily successful”.
US President Barack Obama welcomes Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
Continuing that momentum, and building on it, PM’s national security adviser Ajit Doval held talks with his counterpart Susan Rice and secretary of state John Kerry.
The US description of the talks echoed, in effect, Prime Minister Modi’s own assessment of his four-day tour of the US including his meetings with President Obama — as “very successful”.
Reviewing the talks for reporters, White House senior director for India Phil Reiner said they were “extraordinarily successful” and provided a boost to “re-energise the relationship”.
Assistant secretary of state Nisha Biswal, whose desk at the state department oversees relations with India, said she believed the the talks’ success had, in fact, “relaunched” the relationship.
The two officials underscored also the personal equation the two leaders had struck — the president of the United States doesn’t always give visiting leaders a tour to DC monuments.
President Obama accompanied Prime Minister Modi to the memorial of Martin Luther King, a leading influence on Obama, acknowledged by Modi in his gifts
Building on that success, Doval and Rice discussed “regional developments, including cooperating on maritime security” and “stability in Afghanistan”, according to the White House.
Observers have been struck by the recurring emphasis on cooperation on maritime security read with the mention of South China Sea disputes in the India-US joint statement.
The issue figured for the first time in an Indian-Us joint statement: “The leaders expressed concern about rising tensions over maritime territorial disputes, and affirmed the importance of safeguarding maritime security and ensuring freedom of navigation and overflight throughout the region, especially in the South China Sea.”
China wasn’t named, but every part of the above statement pointed to Beijing, and its spiking belligerence including efforts to enforce an Air Defence Identification Zone. India and the US also plan to police sea lanes through that region, as others near about, with, experts said, serious implications for relations with China.
Doval and Rice also agreed to work together to address Ebola in West Africa “and the spread of violent extremism, and looked forward to continuing close consultations in the future”.
With Kerry, Doval discussed “defence cooperation, international terrorism and terrorism finance, and law enforcement cooperation,” said the state department.
The two countries were still not willing to discuss their expanded counter-terrorism cooperations that made headlines in India, with D-Company put in the same category as LeT.
The India-US joint statement puts Dawood’s gang holed up in Karachi since carrying out the 1993 Mumbai bomb blasts at the forefront of the CT kill-list of the two countries.

Asian Games 2014: Double kabaddi gold lifts India on Day 1432
15
India brought the curtains down on their campaign in the 17th Asian Games, maintaining their domination of kabaddi with two gold medals as the country rose a rung to eighth in the overall standings.
The two gold medals provided the final flourish for India at the Games, which can be considered a disappointment for the country given that the overall medal count went down in this edition.
Although the women's team won their match against Iran quite comfortably, it was not a cakewalk for the men's team which literally overcame a scare before notching up their seventh successive gold medal in the event.
Indian men's team edged Iran in a nerve-racking final to win its seventh consecutive kabaddi gold medal at the Asian Games in Incheon. (Getty Images)
#asian games 2014 #india #iran #india vs iran
With two gold medals coming, India were placed eighth on the table with a total haul of 57 medals -- 11 gold, nine silver and 37 bronze. China continued to be at the top with an impressive haul of 329 (145-103-81) followed by hosts South Korea 222 (75-70-77) and Japan 190 (46-72-72).
The medal collection was well below India's expectation as they had managed a haul of 65 -- 14 gold, 17 silver and 34 bronze -- in the previous edition of the Games in Guangzhou.
With no Indian participation on the last day of competitions tomorrow, the country's overall standing can change depending on others' performance.
On Friday, staging a fantastic second-half recovery, Indian men surged to gold by defeating Iran 27-25 in a thrilling final at the Songdo University Gymnasium.
India thus completed a golden double on the kabaddi mat for the second successive edition after the women defeated the same nation 31-21 in their final held earlier in the day.
The country thus boosted its overall gold tally to 11 on the final day of competitions here.
But it was touch and go for the Indian men, who have won the gold medal with ease on the six previous occasions since kabaddi was introduced in the 1990 Games at Beijing. They played catch-up with Iran for most part of the game before drawing level with the last seven minutes of the 40-minute match left. .
The winners were trailing by a big margin of 13-21 at half time and a huge upset was on the cards before the defending champions pulled it around in the second half with some aggressive raiding and smart catching.
Captain Rakesh Kumar played with a bandaged head after getting injured by a rival defender's knee during his raid in the second half.
Rakesh said at half time, the strategy chalked out was to pack off Iran quickly for a 'lona' -- with only four players of the rivals left as compared to their own five -- at that stage and come back into the game.
India started on the wrong foot against the super-fit Iranians who looked like men possessed as they raided with gusto and defended with zeal to jump to a 17-7 lead before the Indians, who even conceded a 'lona' (after being all out), knew what happened.
Experienced raider Jasvir Singh appeared to be a bit overconfident and paid the penalty for that as he was packed off when raiding thrice in the initial stages.
It was left to India's most experienced player Anup Kumar to pull in three points with a good raid and narrow the lead.
With five minutes left for the end of the opening half, India trailed 11-18 which became 13-21 before the first half ended.
The crucial turnaround happened soon after the start of the second half when India secured a 'lona' and then caught up with their rivals at 21-all.
They, however, slipped down to 21-24 before staging another recovery to catch up at 24-all when seven minutes were left.
Anup raided to secure a valuable point to help India lead 25-24, the first time they had done in the entire match.
They added one more when Iranian's fast raider Meraj Sheykh was caught and though Anup failed in his next raid, Meraj was again caught just as the clock ticked to full time with India ahead by two points.
Earlier, Indian women too staged a strong second half performance to get the better of a fighting Iran 31-21 to retain the gold.
The Indian women led 15-11 at the halfway stage of the 30-minute final but then put up a determined show in the second half to maintain their supremacy for the second edition running, having clinched gold when the event made its debut four years ago in Guangzhou.
They, in fact, had only a two-point lead at 12-10 soon after securing the first of their two lonas (all outs) in the gold medal contest against the fitter-looking Iranian women who played with head scarves and leggings.
Abhilasha Mhatre then effected a crucial raid to not only get back two points for her side but also revive two players who had been packed off by Iran's aggressive raider Khalaj Ghazal.
Thereafter, India took firm control from the first five minutes of the second half following a strong raid by Abhilasha Mhatre to take a 19-15 lead.
They got another timely lona in the seventh minute to lead 25-16 and there ended Iran's hopes though they tried to stage a fight back towards the end.
Iranian women were in tears after the loss, having come here with a mission to dethrone India for the gold medal. The team even had a computer software engineer and a doctorate in agriculture in its ranks.
There was, however, no cheer for India's taekwondo players at the Asian Games with Shaloo Raikwar and Margarette Maria losing their respective quarterfinal bouts.
Shaloo lost her 73kg quarterfinal bout to Alfahad Abrar of Kuwait. Both the players finished 3-3 after the regulation four rounds but Abrar was declared 'Winner on Superiority' as the Indian had conceded two penalty points against her rival's one.
Later, Maria lost 1-15 to China's Li Donghua in the 73kg quarterfinal.
In volleyball, India prevailed over Qatar 3-2 in a hard-fought contest to finish fifth in the men's volleyball competition.
In men's 5th-6th place classification match at the Songnim Gymnasium here, the Indians rallied to beat the Qataris 25-21 20-25 25-22 20-25 15-10 in a keenly contested match, which lasted an hour and 47 minutes.
(With PTI inputs)

Not so golden week for HK shopsNot so golden week for Hong Kong shops
By Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/598a7152-4ab4-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IMF chief says global economy at inflection ...IMF chief Christine Lagarde says global economy at inflection point
IANS Oct 3, 2014, 11.33AM IST
(Among advanced economies,…)
WASHINGTON: International Monetary Fund (IMF) chief Christine Lagarde said Thursday that the global economy was at an inflection point with weaker than expected recovery momentum, as he called for bolder policies and multilateral efforts to inject new impetus.
Speaking at the IMF-World Bank annual meeting in Georgetown University, Lagarde said the global economy was weaker than envisaged and only a modest pickup was foreseen for 2015, as the outlook for potential growth had been pared down, Xinhua reported.
Among advanced economies, the rebound was expected to be strongest in the US and Britain; modest in Japan; and weakest in the Euro area, the managing director of the IMF noted.
Emerging market and developing economies led by Asia and China will continue to drive global activity, however, to be at a slower pace than before, she said.
"Six years after the financial crisis began, we see continued weakness in the global economy," she added.
She pointed out that there was a cloud hovering around asynchronous monetary policy normalisation in advanced economies and its potential spillovers to other countries around the world, urging the Federal Reserve to clearly communicate with the market over the exit from the monetary easing.
She also underlined the rising geographical tensions posing risks to the global economy, as a possible further escalation of the situation in Ukraine could provoke disruptions in commodity prices, financial markets and trade. An expansion of the Ebola outbreak in Africa could pose a significant risk to the region and indeed the world, if not urgently and appropriately addressed.
"That brings me to the 'structural reforms' that are so essential to raise productivity, competitiveness and employment," she said.
The Washington-based organisation is expected to lower its projection of global economic growth for 2014 in its latest edition of World Economic Outlook next week.
The IMF-World Bank annual meeting is scheduled to be held Oct 10-12 in Washington.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Facebook joins Apple; plots first steps into...Facebook joins Apple, Google; plots first step into healthcare
By Reuters | 3 Oct, 2014, 10.59AM IST
Facebook Inc already knows who your friends are and the kind of things that grab your attention. Soon, it could also know the state of your health.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: Facebook Inc already knows who your friends are and the kind of things that grab your attention. Soon, it could also know the state of your health.
On the heels of fellow Silicon Valley technology companies Apple Inc and Google Inc, Facebook is plotting its first steps into the fertile field of healthcare, said three people familiar with the matter. The people requested anonymity as the plans are still in development.
The company is exploring creating online "support communities" that would connect Facebook users suffering from various ailments. A small team is also considering new "preventative care" applications that would help people improve their lifestyles.
In recent months, the sources said, the social networking giant has been holding meetings with medical industry experts and entrepreneurs, and is setting up a research and development unit to test new health apps. Facebook is still in the idea-gathering stage, the people said.
Healthcare has historically been an area of interest for Facebook, but it has taken a backseat to more pressing products.
Recently, Facebook executives have come to realize that healthcare might work as a tool to increase engagement with the site.
One catalyst: the unexpected success of Facebook's "organ-donor status initative," introduced in 2012. The day that Facebook altered profile pages to allow members to specify their organ donor-status, 13,054 people registered to be organ donors online in the United States, a 21 fold increase over the daily average of 616 registrations, according to a June 2013 study published in the American Journal of Transplantation.
Separately, Facebook product teams noticed that people with chronic ailments such as diabetes would search the social networking site for advice, said one former Facebook insider. In addition, the proliferation of patient networks such as PatientsLikeMe demonstrate that people are increasingly comfortable sharing symptoms and treatment experiences online.
Chief executive Mark Zuckerberg may step up his personal involvement in health. Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan, a pediatric resident at University of California San Francisco, recently donated $5 million to the Ravenswood Health Center in East Palo Alto.
Any advertising built around the health initiatives would not be as targeted as it could be on television or other media. Pharmaceutical companies, for instance, are prohibited from using Facebook to promote the sale of prescription drugs, in part because of concerns surrounding disclosures.
Privacy concerns
Privacy, an area where the company has faced considerable criticism over the years, will likely prove a challenge. This week, the company apologized to users for manipulating news feeds for the purposes of research.
But Facebook may already have a few ideas to alleviate privacy concerns around its health initiatives. The company is considering rolling out its first health application quietly and under a different name, a source said. Market research commissioned by Facebook found that many of its users were unaware that photo-service Instagram is Facebook-owned, the source said.
Facebook's recent softening of its policy requiring users to go by their real names may also bolster the company's health plans. People with chronic conditions may prefer to use an alias when sharing their health experiences.
"I could see Facebook doing well with applications for lifestyle and wellness, but really sick patients with conditions like cancer aren't fooling around," said Frank Williams, chief executive of Evolent Health, a company that provides software and services to doctors and health systems.
People would need anonymity and an assurance that their data and comments wouldn't be shared with their online contacts, advertisers, or pharmaceutical companies, Williams said.
It remains unclear whether Facebook will moderate or curate the content shared in the support communities, or bring in outside medical experts to provide context.
Facebook declined to comment on its health care plans.

Modi has more American Facebook fans than many US politiciansModi has more American Facebook fans than many US politicians
PTI
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Facebook page
New York, Oct 3:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s fan following is not only restricted to India but he is also popular in the US where he has more Facebook fans than most current members of Congress, governors and other political leaders, according to a media report.
Modi’s American Facebook base of 170,529 as of Wednesday is larger than all but 21 American elected officials and current candidates, the New York Times reported citing Socialbakers, a site that tracks social media accounts.
The paper attributed Modi’s large Facebook fan following to the effective use of social media in his election campaign earlier this year and using it as an important part of his communication strategy once in office.
His popularity among people of Indian descent in the US was vividly displayed by the reception he got at a sold-out Madison Square Garden event here on Sunday.
The paper said that several American politicians also benefited from Modi’s presence in the US.
Members of Congress who attended the Madison Square Garden event received sizeable boosts on Twitter after posting pictures of themselves with the Indian leader, the NYT said.
Modi even has more American Facebook fans than Chris Christie, the Republican governor of New Jersey and potential presidential candidate, or Harry Reid, the Senate majority leader from Nevada.
Most of Modi’s social media followers come from India, which has the second-largest number of Facebook users.
However, there are American politicians who have a bigger social media base outside their country.
President Barack Obama, who has more Facebook fans outside the United States (37.8 million) than inside it (15.1 million), tops the list.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Google to take on WhatsApp with insant messa...You are here: Home > Collections > Google
Google planning to launch own mobile messaging app similar to WhatsApp
Jayadevan PK, ET Bureau Oct 3, 2014, 06.38AM IST
Tags:
Facebook
(Google reportedly made…)
BANGALORE: After losing WhatsApp to Facebook in a multibillion dollar acquisition bid, Google is planning to launch its own mobile messaging app which the search giant is likely to test in India and other emerging markets. Last month, Google sent top product manager Nikhyl Singhal to India to do a recce of the messaging app ecosystem in the country as the company looks to catch up on an opportunity it lost to others.
The Google messenger is in early stages of development and is likely to be launched in 2015, sources aware of the plans said. A Google spokesperson, however, declined to comment. Google reportedly made an offer of over $10 billion (Rs 60,000 crore) to buy Whatsapp, the instant messaging app which was ultimately bought by Facebook for $19 billion Rs 1.2 lakh crore) in one of the largest technology deals.
Singhal, who is a product management director for Hangouts, Photos, Google+ core & Platform, is also touring other countries in Asia Pacific to understand local ecosystems better.
Unlike other Google products, the messenger will not force users to use their Google login. The company is also considering loalising the product by adding Indian language support and voiceto-text messaging. The messenger will also be free to use. WhatsApp, which will be its biggest competitor, has a freemium model where it charges Rs 53 annually after one year.
With the launch of its Android One initiative, which sought to bring together hardware vendors to sell affordable smartphones, India is increasingly becoming a testing ground for Google. In an interview with ET last month, top Google executive Sun-dar Pichai said the company wants to do more India specific launches because of the scale and scope of the market.
India is expected to become the world's second-largest smartphone market after China by 2019. For Google, the move comes a little late as other instant messengers like Viber, WeChat and Line have also created sizeable user bases.
"Google would agree that it missed social and missed social on mobile. But then Facebook had to buy WhatsApp and Instagram for the same reason," said Benedict Evans, former mobile analyst and a partner at Andreessen Horowitz in an email to ET.India is one of the fastest-growing markets for instant messaging applications. Of the 600 million WhatsApp users, 65 million are in India.
Similarly, Line has over 18 million registered users, Viber is targeting 30 million users by the year end and homegrown messenger Hike claims over 35 million registered users. WeChat doesn't share country specific data but globally, it has over 438 million monthly active users.
"Around four years ago, there were at least close to 15 messaging apps with over 1 million daily active users and that didn't include Whatsapp," said Aakrit Vaish, who quit his job at mobile analytics company Flurry to launch Haptik, an instant messaging-based app that answers customer queries.
Haptik, which raised $1 million (Rs 6 crore) venture capital funds last month, saw over 100,000 customer queries in less than 15 days on the app. "It also helps because it is free," said Vaish.
Mobile connections in India will grow to 815 million in 2014, up 8% from last year, according to Gartner which counted the growing appetite for over the top voice services (data based) as one of the 'biggest challenges' faced by Indian mobile operators.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian stocks shake off early blues  USD pins hopes on jobs dataThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Fall in crude price to lower India s import billHi Guest
Fall in crude price to lower India's import bill
Brent crude, the global oil price benchmark, on Thursday fell below $92 a barrel, its lowest level since June 2012. This slump, attributed to a weak global economic recovery and oversupply in the market, is set to narrow Indian oil firms' losses on sale of petroleum products and lower the government's subsidy burden. Brent crude oil for November delivery slipped to $91.37 a barrel, the lowest in 27 months. As at 11 pm (IST), it was trading at $92.89 a barrel - $1.27 (1.35 per cent) lower that ...

How Steve Jobs got  impossible  tasks doneHere's what happened when an employee told Steve Jobs something couldn't be  done
By Business Insider | 3 Oct, 2014, 12.16PM IST
READ MORE ON » Steve Jobs | Apple
One former Apple and NeXT employee told Business Insider what it was like to face Jobs and tell him one of his assignments was impossible.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Apple cofounder and former CEO Steve Jobs' reputation preceded him in many ways. Many have attributed Apple's success at least in part to Jobs' obsession with detail and perfection.
So you can imagine he wouldn't settle for being told that something can't be done. One former Apple and NeXT employee told Business Insider what it was like to face Jobs and tell him one of his assignments was impossible.
Ken Rosen, a managing partner at consultation agency Performance Works, had the chance to work with Jobs at NeXT during the late '80s and early '90s. Although Rosen worked at both Apple and NeXT, he only directly worked with Jobs during his tenure at the latter company.
Rosen, an emerging markets manager for NeXT at the time, took on the task of working with Jobs on a keynote presentation for a new product.
It was during that time Rosen learned one of the most valuable management lessons of his career, Rosen told Business Insider.
Jobs told Rosen that there were five specific things he wanted in the keynote.
"I no longer remember what, but I just remember there were five things he wanted to show in the demo," Rosen said. "And we worked for a couple of days, and at the end of those days we realized we could do all but one."
Rosen had no choice but to tell Jobs that only four out of the five tasks could be accomplished in time for the keynote.
"I really tried to have a relationship with Steve where I didn't stand back," Rosen said. "I would never want to tell him something couldn't be done if it in fact could be done."
Here's how Jobs reacted:
"He put his hand on my shoulder in this very fatherly to the point of patronizing way," Rosen said. "And he said, 'We need to do that one too,' and just walked away."
Rosen said he felt annoyed at first after hearing Jobs' reaction. He wanted Jobs to trust his judgment and believe his team tried its hardest to finish the task at hand. But, of course, he went back to his partner at the time and continued working on the problem.
"The bottom line is we figured out how to do it," Rosen said. "And for Steve it was just another day at the office... But I think there was something to that even for me. [The idea] that you can do something you don't think you can do, but you've got to find a way, is a useful way to look at challenges."

Indian stock  forex markets closed for DassehraThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

IMF worried about sustained slow global growthThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Electricity Watchdog Gives More Time to Financial Technologies for IEX Stake SaleThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Masaba Gupta  Satya Paul partnership comes to an endThe brand Satya Paul Thursday announced the end of its creative collaboration with young designer Masaba Gupta.
Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:10 pm
The brand Satya Paul Thursday announced the end of its creative collaboration with young designer Masaba Gupta.
Masaba joined the brand in 2012 and was instrumental in adding a fresh twist to the brand’s collection. Her final collection for Satya Paul will come out in November this year.
Satya Paul and its parent company, Genesis Colors, would like to thank Masaba for her extraordinary contributions and wish her the very best with her future endeavours, said a statement.
Masaba, daughter of cricket legend Vivian Richards and Indian actress Neena Gupta, was only 24 when she took over the responsibility as fashion director at the brand.
“As two wonderful years of being Satya Paul’s fashion director come to an end, I am grateful to Sanjay Kapoor (managing director at Genesis Colors) for giving me the opportunity to become an integral part of the legendary label. It has been a great learning curve for me and I am thankful to my team without whom this career-defining journey would not have been possible,” said Masaba.
Satya Paul, known for its ingenuity in design and a vivid colour palette, was established in 1985 by its namesake. As part of Genesis since 2001, the brand has footprints at over 30 locations in the country.
Known for quirky prints, with feminine drapes and silhouettes, Masaba prefers to use organic fabrics with classic weaves, patchwork and all in vibrant colours.
While in charge at Satya Paul, Masaba tried to revolutionise the design elements.
Acknowledging her contribution, Kapoor said: “Her distinctive approach to design and innovative spirit gave a newfound energy to Satya Paul that we will continue to take forward. I am confident of her future as an exceptional fashion designer and wish her all the best.”
Masaba made her foray in the fashion industry with GenNext fashion show at 2009 Lakme Fashion Week. Her collection helped her win the most promising designer award at the event. It was followed by the launch of her flagship store in 2010.

Two days after model Archana Pandey hung herself  police arrest former boyfriendArchana Pandey, 26, had allegedly committed suicide at her residence here and her body was found Monday.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:07 pm
Model Archana Pandey’s former boyfriend Omar Asif Pathan was arrested two days after she was found hanging at her Versova home in Mumbai, police said Friday.
Archana Pandey, 26, had allegedly committed suicide at her residence here and her body was found Monday.
In a suicide note, she had named Pathan as the person responsible for her death, alleging that he had physically exploited her and left her for another woman.
“Her boyfriend is in the police custody now. He was arrested Wednesday…,” a police official told IANS.
It is alleged that the two were in a live-in relationship for three to four years and had broken up few months ago.
On Monday, some neighbours complained of foul smell emanating from Pandey’s flat and called police who found her body.

In Her original home  Assamese women weave folk songs for Devi DurgaPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:07 pm
Though Durga puja has over the decades emerged as a trademark of Bengal, in her “original home” in Kamarupa – modern-day Assam, women have not only identified themselves as Her reincarnations, but have also composed and sung folk songs for centuries eulogizing the power of the mother goddess.
Thus, as Durga puja entered the third day on Thursday, pandals and temples across the state have been reverberating with durga-naam and gosani-naam – ‘naam’ for religious hymns and prayer-songs – orally composed songs that describe the power of the goddess for each day. And in this, there is simply no difference between rural women and their urban counterparts.
“Singing naam for the mother goddess must be as old as Assamese folk literature, if not dating back to the early period of devi worship in ancient Assam. But what is most important is that the participation of Assamese womenfolk in durga puja by way of singing naam throughout the celebrations is unique. This tradition probably makes durga worship in Assam totally different from the celebrations in Bengal,” says noted Guwahati-based author, classical singer and music critic Mitra Phukan.
While some modern-day women especially in urban areas do take the help of books of naam, most of them however sing them by-heart. “The very tradition of oral singing in Assam, be it on religious occasions or in festivals, is so strong that most women can easily compose a stanza extempore, keeping in view the immediate environ,” adds Phukan.
No doubt “Namanjali”, the first and finest anthology of ‘naam’ done by Annada Devi Barkataki way back in the 1950s, has hymns for every phase of Durga puja, right from the nava-patrika or invocation on sashthi (the first day when worship begins) to the moment when the idols are immersed in a river after five days or worship. In recent times, at least a dozen such ‘naam’ collections have been published, while CDs of durga-naam are best-sellers in the music market in Assam around this time.
“While the mother goddess is worshipped in various forms in Assam since time immemorial, her durga form stands out in terms of popular participation simply because it symbolizes the victory of good over evil, and that too led by durga, who symbolizes the power of women,” says Tapati Baruah Kashyap, whose ‘Female Voice in Assamese Poetry’ is a pioneering research work that traces Assamese women’s poetry in various forms – hymns, ritual songs, lullabies, children’s play-songs, wedding-songs, work-songs and ballads – back into the 16th century.
Most importantly, Assam also happens to the original place of shakti – mother goddess – worship in the subcontinent. “That singing hymns by women has been a very old tradition in Assam is mentioned in accounts of Hiuen Tsang, the famous Chinese traveler who visited Kamarupa way back in the seventh century. The tenth century kalika purana, said to have been written in Guwahati, too has reference to women singing songs in eight different melodies during Devi worship,” adds Kashyap.
No doubt noted historian HK Barpujari, in his five-volume ‘Comprehensive continued…

Left parties slam DDs decision to broadcast Bhagwats speechPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:01 pm | Updated: October 4, 2014 3:05 am
A controversy broke out on Monday over the live telecast by state broadcaster of RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat’s address at Nagpur with Congress and Left parties slamming the “misuse” of Doordarshan, but BJP defended it.
Congress spokesman Sandeep Dikshit termed the hour-long telecast as a “dangerous tradition”, saying RSS is a controversial religious and political organisation.
“It is a dangerous tradition. This is not an organisation which is completely neutral. It is a controversial organisation,” he said, adding it is a political decision of the government. Congress leader Rashid Alvi said, “this naked state majoritarianism must be resisted.”
Former Union Minister Salman Khurshid said, “we do not accept the record of RSS as being above board in terms of our national aspirations”.
Condemning the live broadcast, CPI(M) said, “The RSS used the occasion propagate its Hindutva ideology. The national public broadcaster has no business to telecast live the speech of the Chief of an organisation like the RSS.”
The CPI also condemned the live telecast. The party’s National Secretary D Raja said that the government, particularly the Information and Broadcasting Ministry, should give an explanation to the people for allowing DD to be the mouthpiece for the RSS.
He said it was “a disquieting and distressing trend that the country’s secular and democratic values were undermined by the government action”.
Historian and commentator Ramchandra Guha said this “naked state majoritarianism” must be resisted.
“This (showing it live) is a dangerous misuse of the state machinery. The RSS is a sectarian Hindu body. Next, imams in mosques and priests in churches may ask that DD covers their speeches live,” he said in his tweets.
Defending the telecast, BJP’s Shaina N C said the RSS is only a nationalist organisation which believes in ‘India first’ and the country above the interest of any individual.
“I am glad that this speech has been highlighted and people realise that if there is one cadre in the country today that has genuinely contributed to patriotism and nation-building, it is the RSS,” she said.

The tongue-in-cheek review of Bang BangBang Bang tongue-in-cheek review.
Express LOL | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 12:42 pm
The only difference between Bang Bang and Race 2 or Dhoom 3 is that they have different titles. Bang Bang is completely free of such things as stories, strong characters and physics. As you watch the caper unfold across three continents and almost three hours, know this: many others are suffering through the same experience. You are not alone.
Our Express LOL reporter left his brain behind, attended the red carpet premiere, and interviewed his fair share of celebrities. First was the man of the day, Mahatma Gandhi.
Guest No. 2 was the man behind 2 States (and many other numerically named books), Chetan Bhagat.
Next, he spoke to the least relevant former President of India, Pratibha Patil.
Finally, it was time to meet the Head of State of the country where a substantial portion of Bang Bang happened, Queen Elizabeth.

AIADMK calls for 12-hour bandh in Puducherry tomorrowThe Hindu AIADMK functionaries, addressing the media in Puducherry on Friday. Photo: S.S. Kumar
TOPICS
Puducherry
In protest against imprisonment of the party general secretary Jayalalithaa
All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) Puducherry unit on Friday called a 12-hour bandh across the Union Territory on Saturday in protest against the imprisonment of the party general
secretary Jayalalithaa.
Addressing press persons in Puducherry, D. Ravindran, Urban Secretary of the party, said a high level meeting passed resolution in this regard to observe the dawn-to-dusk bandh for early release of AIADMK general secretary from prison.
“We want to see our leader be released at the earliest from the prison and the bandh will be observed in all regions of the Union Territory - Puducherry, Karaikal, Mahe and Yanam,” said Mr. Ravindran while adding that all wings would be participating in this bandh.
AIADMK Legislature Party Deputy Leader A. Anbalagan, and MLAs – Omsakthi Sekar, L.Periasamy and A.Baskar were present in the meeting.
They also sought cooperation of public for peaceful conduct of the bandh from morning 6 am to 6 pm. They claimed buses, autos and train services would be affected. Shops and commercial establishments would also remain closed.

Arora Leads Softbank Deal Of HollywoodThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Narendra Modi s Clean India campaign could boost growth  tooThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

CPI attacks govt over live telecast of Mohan Bhagwat s speechThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Infy with all probability will form a bearish haraami on tuesday. eve...344 Followers
Reposted about 35 days 17 hrs 21 min 1 sec ago by k4krackjack
Infy with all probability will form a bearish haraami on Tuesday.  Even if it shows a bold face on the opening, it will end up with a Dark cloud cover.

Kardi is under wrong impressions about tanla. tanla is a technology co...Platinum Member
437 Followers
Reposted about 38 days 22 hrs 37 min 19 sec ago by Xpert Opinion09 and 1 others
It is a surprise that the stock has not gone for UC even now!
Hi lights of the AGM.  1. They struck a multi-year tieup with Vodafone for messaging.
2.They covered PM Modi`s at Independence day celebration.
3. Out of the 50 acres land they own at Financial Distristict Hyderabad area,
they r developing the site thro` Aparna consgructions for residential/office
plots.
Soon they will announce the commissioning of payments system with some American co. Besides many other projects they r going to undertake.

So true mr murthy  with mps we can lie back safely for the next ...Platinum Member
184 Followers
Yes agreed.  But that is what value investing is all about.  It is well nigh impossible to judge the integrity of the management sitting from a distance.  So we take calculated bets.  But yes there are enough pointers in the financials if things are fishy.  I could not find any.   Their financials are relatively clean.  I know that it is historically valued at sub 10 PE but Willwin if you see so were many other stocks I can just go on and on which have been like that for 5 years which have tripled in last 3 months.  We had discussed Indag rubbers, NBCC a few months back and now look at where they are today.
But yes I am taking a calculated bet.  Do let me know your views on the same.  And yes I am always ultra cautious so a strict cap and constant review is always the norm.  Do have a look at it.
About its products it does not have a brand like say Asian granite but that is because it is a pure EOU.
Only issue is about working capital but I am willing to discount that because due to its export status turnover days will be longer.
A real interesting case. Let us have a discussion on the same.
By the way do have a look at equax.com.  A good filterer.
Aro granite has a score of 100 in there.

Not only doing very well on export front but in q2 also doing very wel...New Member
2 Followers
Exports will get a boost as Rane Diecast is going to grow 3 folds in 3 years, as informed by the management. With sale of land happening, medium to long term = 600, hold tight, dont worry about market conditions
12.20 PM Oct 7th

Asian Games 2014: Indian men win seventh kabaddi gold30
11
Incheon: Defending champions India staged a late comeback to edge Iran 27-25 in the men's kabaddi final to retain their gold medal at the 17th Asian Games on Friday.
The Iranian team rode on their athleticism, speed and agility to give a scare to the much-vaunted Indian team, who were complacent for the most part of the match at the Songdo Global University Gymnasium.
But the Indians utilised their experience and kept calm to give the country its 11th yellow metal in the Incheon Asiad, moving up to sixth place in the standings.
India, who have won every single gold since men's kabaddi was introduced, trailed Iran for the majority of the match but came back strongly to win 27-25. (Getty Images)
#asian games #asian games 2014 #india #kabaddi
Five-time world champions India, with a starting line-up of Rakesh Kumar, Jasvir Singh, Anup Kumar, Manjeet Chhillar, Navneet Gautam, Gurpreet Singh and Ajay Thakur, took things too lightly initially.
Iran, the silver medallist in the 2010 Guangzhou Asiad, surged to a 16-7 lead till the 14th minute when Indian skipper Rakesh managed three points to reduce the deficit to six points.
But Iran, who played without fear, got two 'lona' points to open a 21-13 lead at the end of 20 minutes.
Indian raiders - Thakur, Jasvir - raided too deep which led to their downfall.
Iran ousted 18 Indians in the first half as compared to 11 managed by the Indians. It looked like the western Asian country were on the verge of notching the biggest upset of the Games.
But as soon as the second half started, India showed their class and quality to equalise within five minutes.
India made some strategic changes and rested veteran defenders Gautam and Gurpreet and all-rounder Manjeet, with youngsters Subramaniam Rajguru, Surjeet Kumar and Nitin Madane brought in, which made the team quick and fresh.
But India suffered a big setback when skipper Rakesh was trapped and thrown on the side lane, which left him injured and also kept him out for the next eight minutes.
Iran again found their rhythm and went ahead 24-21.
However, India refused to give up and received a major boost when Jasvir collected two points on a raid while the defence came to the fore, bundling out three Iranians at the end.
In the second half, India ousted 12 Iranians and seized two 'lona' points while their opponent scored three points by knocking the Indians out and with the help of one more bonus point, they managed just four points in the second half.
Earlier in the day, Indian women's kabaddi team won the gold medal for the second consecutive time and with the men's team triumph, India's overall tally in the discipline in the continental Games, swelled to nine.
The two gold medals in kabaddi on Friday helped India jump two places in the medal standings with 57 medals (11 gold, nine silver, 37 bronze).
871

Keeping up with camelsNot a zoo-animal yet: The Dromedary camel population is now under four lakh - Photo: Priyanka Kotamraju
Herders from the Maru Raika community pouring camel milk into an aak leaf cup. - Photo: Priyanka Kotamraju
Elders at Jojawar village. - Photo: Priyanka Kotamraju
Gamnaram, a Godwar Raika - Photo: Priyanka Kotamraju
Will camels soon disappear from Rajasthan? Or will the hardy herds beat disease, dwindling grazing lands and troubles in the sack?
At Latada village, Rajasthan, Gamnaram Raika waits for the skies to let up. His 30-head camel herd is getting restive; their hindquarters digging into slush, faces turned away from the heavy rain. Afflicted by mange, some of his camels are limping. Worry writ large on his face, Gamnaram surveys his herd and makes a pronouncement: “Pickings will be slim at Pushkar.” His search for a camel mahout to manage his herd has also been in vain. Tough as it is to find a good camel handler in these parts now, a more pressing problem is finding brides. “Girls don’t want to marry camel herders anymore. They find them too smelly, just like the camels,” says Gamnaram, who is happily married but has two daughters who are coming of age.
In the largely pastoral society of the Raikas, goat and sheep herders have replaced camel herders as the prize catch. Their camels are not faring any better. At Pushkar mela this year, Gamnaram has to sell off his male calves, find a robust one for breeding and, if made a good offer, also sell a female one. But ill-fed and prone to disease, his camels might not attract the price he wants. Or worse, his haandiyan (female camels) might not find a mate. Poor prospects for both his camels and children have kept Gamnaram up for days.
Till a few years ago, Gamnaram’s herd was 60-camel strong. A few decades ago, his family owned more than 1,000 camels. His brother Thanaram, who had a herd of 60 till the early noughties, has only two camels now, for he has moved on to other livestock for nuptial and financial reasons. Gamnaram’s own brood has fallen by half, and the camel has all but disappeared from his village.
Once ubiquitous, the Dromedary camel population has nosedived since the early noughties, falling more than 20 per cent in the last livestock census to less than four lakh. In the desert landscape of Rajasthan — where camel caravans moved freely, lovers rode them to clandestine meetings and notorious highwaymen plied their trade on them — the decline is as steep as 50 per cent (even 70 per cent in some parts), as per a local household survey conducted by Lokhit Pashu-Palak Sansthan (LPPS), a collective of camel herders. At Pushkar melas, which usually attracted thousands of these ungulates, participation has reduced and trade has slumped. The Bactrian camel — with two humps — has already made it to the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) red list as a critically endangered species; it won’t be too long before its cousin, the Dromedary, joins it.
In July this year, the government of Rajasthan accorded ‘State animal’ status to the camel, acknowledging its steep decline. The State assembly will also table a bill that seeks to protect the camel like the cow; ban its slaughter and promote camel products such as milk, dung and hair. However, several challenges remain — disappearance of grazing land, proliferation of disease and a fall in male camel population. As the decline brings a slow change to the desert ecology of Rajasthan, pastoral practices of the Raikas and Rewaris too have lost their place.
In Jojawar village, located in the foothills of the Aravallis, the Maru Raikas have gathered for a funeral and a few weddings. They will bid farewell to one of their oldest camel breeders, and will also marry off six girls of the village for whom they have secured matches. Opium pipes are lit, cups of camel chai distributed and pamphlets announcing the twin ceremonies handed out. Distinct from the red-turbaned Godwar Raikas like Gamnaram and his brothers, they are a larger, close-knit community of camel herders. The Godwars and Marus wear different turbans (red and pink) and don’t intermarry, yet both face the same problem: a rapidly shrinking camel population. Once Jojawar, a village of around 50 households, owned 13,000 camels. More than 150 Raika families today keep less than 800. Sixty-year-old Jagannath Raika blames it on the lack of grazing land. “Since Kumbhalgarh became a sanctuary, few pastures remain for grazing. Gochar bhumi (common lands) of our villages have also disappeared.” Rajasthan is a peculiar study in the problem of grazing. In the early ’90s, environmentalists believed that overgrazing by livestock had led to a decline in bird and predator populations. Subsequent studies have shown that this is not true. In fact, keeping out livestock directly led to a fall in the bird population at Bharatpur. Despite the evidence, forest departments have continued to keep cattle and camels out. Unsurprisingly, the census has registered negative growth for all livestock animals, except buffaloes.
From diagnosing illness by smelling camel piss to helping them mate, the Raikas’ repository of ungulate knowledge is enviable. “I will recognise my camel even if it has been 20 years since I last saw it,” says a confident Jagannath. While it sounds impressive, identification is made easier by the herd sign. A long, thin line on the left hind leg is the mark of Gamnaram’s camels, a circular design on the neck for Jagannath’s herd. The camels are branded with iron rods before they turn one.
“The Raika-camel relationship is unique,” says Hanwant Singh Rathore, who runs a camel conservation farm and LPPS at Sadri, 20km from Latada. Set up in 1996, the collective is a loose association of camel breeders and herds. What started with medical help for camels in the early ’90s, the LPPS is now a full-fledged organisation to restore camel populations, market its products and sustain pastoral practices.
Even in a herd of nearly 800 camels, Jagannath knows them all by name. “Suladh, Bheral, Bhiran, Heran…” he prattles on. Camel herds, however large or small, are matrilineal. Female calves are named after their mother — if she is red, her daughters are called Laali, if she’s black, they are all called Kaali. In Jagannath’s herd, there are at least 20 Suladhs, 10 Bherals, 10 Bhirals, five Laalis, many Kaalis…
The herders’ expertise also comes in handy once the breeding season sets in. “The camels need a lot of help to mate,” says Rathore. The herders, claims Jagannath, can divine the right time simply by looking at their eyes. Usually, at the end of monsoons, male camels get aggressive. Separated from the herd, the males act up, stalking the females wherever they go. While the males become ill-tempered, the females get friendlier. In one breeding season, a male camel is expected to ‘service’ at least 50 females. Herders help the males mount the females; the danger of a camel plonking on them is ever present, as 60-year-old Sojaram Raika discovered when he broke his arm one season.
In the ’90s, the camel population registered its first big fall when a disease outbreak resulted in many abortions. “But that’s not the case anymore; other reasons have replaced that problem,” says Rathore. During that time, Rathore and German veterinarian Ilse Koehler-Rollefson, who has authored a book on camels, travelled for months with herders and their caravans. Armed with medical supplies, they also maintained a roster — of the sexual activities of the camels, the successful and not-so-successful attempts. Since 2002, when trade in camel meat began, most males started being sold for slaughter, not breeding. A year later at Pushkar, female camels followed suit. “If female camels are disappearing for slaughter, then extinction can be quite fast,” says Koehler-Rollefson, as camels reproduce “very slowly, only one calf in two years.”
For the Raikas, this is an untenable situation. Their relationship with camels goes back several hundred years, they claim. Part of their religious lore, the Raikas regard camel-herding as duty, not a livelihood. Funerals, weddings and household economies are designed around them. And the nomadic Raika enjoys family life for only a quarter of a year; travelling for eight months with his herd in a 50km radius, subsisting on camel milk and stopping by at the Pushkar and Nagaur fairs, where he might realise his yearly income. When asked why they continue to keep camels, the Raika looks at the past for answers. He tells of years marked by severe drought, when their families survived on camel milk for months together, sometimes even an entire year. “Yeh ek jaanwar hai jo sabko paalta hai (this is one animal that takes care of everyone’s needs),” says Jagannath. “During the chappan ka akaal (the drought in 1956), I went for 90 days without food. Anaaj ka mooh nahin dekha maine (I didn’t see any grain at all).” Once in two months, they would chew on green chillies to clean their palates, while their camels lived on air. The hardy animals have seen the Raikas through the worst of times.
Their close relationship, perhaps, explains the community’s initial reluctance to market camel milk. In Jojawar, Amanram pulls out a few aak leaves tucked into his pink turban, twists them into little cups and pours out fresh camel milk. It is sweet, light and pleasant (similar to cow milk, except saltier). Why is camel milk so unpopular then? Dairies don’t stock it and a High Court ruling in 2000 (now overturned) called it unfit for human consumption. “We are partly responsible,” admits Amanram. Earlier, when a demand for camel milk arose from nearby villages, the Raikas did everything to arrest it. They dipped camels’ tails into the milk, contaminating it (which led to a diarrhoea scare). They spread rumours, warning unsuspecting people of frightful afterlives. Now, camel milk finds few takers, despite its documented health benefits for diabetes and autism.
The younger Raikas have moved on from camel-herding to more lucrative jobs in Mumbai, Pune and Bangalore. The routes that camel caravans took, skirting the foothills of the Aravallis to the deserts of Pushkar and Jaisalmer, have changed, growing shorter and shorter over the years. The vegetation too has changed — acacia bushes have given way to Prosopsis juliflora, which has now become an environmental threat. Despite the dwindling camel population, collectives have sprung up to preserve pastoral livelihoods.
But, what if the camel were soon to become extinct, much like the gharial or the civet? How much would the food web change? “They won’t turn into zoo-animals just yet,” says Koehler-Rollefson. “But if it disappears from Rajasthan, the consequences to the food web will be substantial.” The Raika herders, many of whom refuse to keep other livestock, shake their heads in disbelief. That day will never come, their camels will “survive almost anything”. Goats may perish, sheep may die out, even cattle, but not their camels.
(This article was published on September 26, 2014)
Related

He with the lookClick here to read Gingerly, a comic by Priya Kuriyan (PDF)
A collection of comics on our canine companion throws up a world that is as dark as it is warm, as gritty as it is romantic.
Gingerly, a comic by Priya Kuriyan, is a gentle love story — first comes shameless resistance, then more awkwardness. But after the first handshake, the first lick and the first belly rub, life will never be the same
(This article was published on September 26, 2014)
Related

How green is your teaHow green is your tea?
T.R Shankar Raman
Tweet
Many a splendid thing: People and wild species like elephants can share spaces and coexist in tea estates. Photo: Kalyan Varma
Many a splendid thing: For species like great hornbills, retaining rainforest fragments and native trees is essential. Photo: T R Shankar Raman
Space for all: Wild animals like gaur often graze in grasslands and swamps and pass through tea estates. Photo: Kalyan Varma
Space for all: An aerial view of a rainforest remnant and eucalyptus plantation in a tea estate in the Anamalai hills. Photo: Kalyan Varma (All photos courtesy TR Shankar Raman)
Plantations can be seen as ‘green deserts’ but they play a crucial role in wildlife conservation
You could have imagined you were on a forest trail. Fifty metres away, the dark hulk of a solitary bull gaur, over five feet tall at the shoulder with taut muscles and thick, curving horns, looks up from the swampy valley where he stands in his white-stockinged legs. Eyes locked with gaur, your ears pick up the harsh bark of a great hornbill resounding through the cool mountain air from a patch of tall trees on the hill slope beyond. As you skirt the gaur and walk quietly down the trail, stepping past fresh scat of a sloth bear and dropped quills of a porcupine, a stripe-necked mongoose darts across, a flash of crimson bright against the background green. The green is not the multi-hued mosaic of a real forest, but a more uniform smear of a monoculture. Row upon row of neatly pruned metre-high bushes spread out in tight lines, punctuated by well-spaced and heavily-lopped silver oak trees. In the mountains of the Western Ghats, at the edge of the Anamalai Tiger Reserve, you are walking through a large tea plantation.
Tea plantations often get bad press from environmentalists as ‘green deserts’. They tend to support far fewer wild species than comparable areas under native forests as large estates often grow only one crop. Still, when one takes a broader perspective, tea estates, too, can play a role in wildlife conservation. Recent field studies show that by modifying conventional land-use practices and protecting some neglected parts of the tea estate landscape, these plantations can help conserve wild species. They also illustrate how important it has become to widen the scope of conservation into the countryside, outside wildlife protected areas, such as national parks and sanctuaries.
A landscape view
Historically, tea plantations have been located in regions of great biological diversity. Over 90 per cent of India’s tea comes from West Bengal (Darjeeling) and Assam in north-east India, and the southern states of Kerala and Tamil Nadu. While Darjeeling and the southern states lie within global biodiversity hotspots of the Himalaya and Western Ghats respectively, most of Assam’s tea comes from equally valuable conservation landscapes in the Brahmaputra valley. These regions also hold the most significant remaining populations of endangered wildlife — such as Asian elephants, tigers, Indian rhinoceros, lion-tailed macaques, great hornbills and many other species, including smaller and lesser-known reptiles and amphibians found nowhere else in the world.
Today, tea plantations, like those near the Anamalai Tiger Reserve, abut some of the most important wildlife sanctuaries and national parks in places like Kaziranga, Eravikulam and Buxa Tiger Reserve. Many of the wildlife protected areas are isolated from other forest tracts, and tea plantations are often embedded in intervening areas that are now large plantation districts. If threatened wildlife species can be enabled to survive in tea districts, it increases their conservation prospects as a larger population can persist in the wider landscape.
To appreciate the potential for tea estates to support wildlife, one needs to envision the tea landscape as a space that includes tea fields and human settlements along with forest patches, grasslands, rock outcrops, rivers and streams. The tea landscapes in the Western Ghats may have more than 250 animal species, including porcupine and gaur that use tea fields, to threatened hornbills and lion-tailed macaques sheltering in forest remnants, to endemic frogs and small-clawed otters living in hill streams.
Five steps to truly green tea
The critical first step for a ‘truly green’ tea landscape is to protect all natural ecosystems that remain, within and around plantations. Tea estate maps detail tea fields, roads, factories and housing, but often leave gaps marked as ‘blanks’ or ‘estate jungle’. These spaces, along with the streams and rivers (sometimes merely considered ‘drains’), are the most interesting and valuable parts of the landscape. It is in these spaces that one finds evergreen forests, regenerating forest and scrub, grasslands, bamboo patches, swamps and water bodies that support diverse wildlife species. To place these forested areas firmly on estate maps and protect them, and not clear and convert them into a monoculture area, is the first need of conservation. In addition, planters can retain or regenerate strips of native vegetation as buffers along rivers or as windbreaks on slopes, which help protect water and crop while creating habitat corridors for wildlife. Planters can also connect with local conservation groups to carry out wildlife inventories and ecological restoration of degraded areas.
Protecting habitat and restraining land owners from further land conversion are not enough if it does not accompany another form of restraint, a critical second step: preventing hunting. In some plantation districts, although habitats remain, wildlife is scarce because of snaring and shooting. Besides poachers, some estate managers too, in a throwback to the British colonial period, still sport guns and shoot unsuspecting wildlife, especially where the Forest Department patrolling and protection are lax. Still, support for wildlife conservation is increasing with the rise of a new breed of planters who have moved on to enjoy the more rewarding pastimes of trekking, wildlife watching and nature photography.
A third measure concerns the tea fields themselves: the production area. Instead of merely seeing tea plantations as a ‘green desert’, ecologists who have studied the land-use practices find that small changes in conventional tea cultivation can make a big difference to conservation. Tea estates can avoid using the most toxic agrochemicals, and should ensure that the chemicals are applied judiciously by trained people wearing protective gear only on crop affected by pests without the chemical drift entering adjoining natural ecosystems and water bodies.
Tea plantations can also do much better on the kind of shade trees used for tea bushes. For instance, in over one lakh hectares of tea plantations in south India, planters mostly use a single Australian tree species: silver oak (Grevillea robusta). If shade tree species native to adjoining areas in the Western Ghats were used, more wildlife would thrive in the landscape as the trees would provide food and foraging and nesting spaces. Bringing greater diversity into the landscape may also help improve the soil and control pests, thereby benefitting tea cultivation itself. Tea research institutes and planters have hundreds of native species to choose from, and they only need the will and foresight to begin trials.
Coexistence and connections
Having wildlife in the landscape brings with it a fourth consideration, that of enabling their safe passage without harassment. The presence of wildlife in tea estates, by itself, does not signify a problem. But occasionally, it does lead to conflicts such as the damage to property or unexpected encounters between wild animals and people. Small but significant measures can be adopted to avoid conflicts. In the Anamalai hills, some estates have left spaces for animals such as wild elephants and gaur to move through. Some have realigned fences to protect specific newly-planted fields or property such as buildings and housing, while keeping substantial parts of the landscape open for animal movement. These have helped reduce conflict while helping conserve these wide-ranging animals.
Finally, it helps to enhance awareness, among managers, workers and local residents to enable coexistence between people and wildlife, and among citizens who drive the industry by their daily purchase and consumption of tea. India’s 0.56 million hectares under tea cultivation employ over 2 million workers and produce more than 1.2 billion kilos of tea annually, which millions of consumers relish. Yet, even the distantly connected tea drinker, by learning about the landscapes tea comes from, the ecosystems and people who sustain it, can help conserve wildlife by choosing to consume only tea that is truly green.
Even a cup of tea reveals our enduring connections to nature, shows how conservation can be effective outside the boundaries of wildlife sanctuaries and requires efforts that involve all.
(T.R Shankar Raman and Divya Mudappa are scientists at the Nature Conservation Foundation based at the Rainforest Research Station in the Anamalai hills)
(This article was published on September 26, 2014)
Related

Something fishy in my hilsaSomething fishy in my hilsa
Ramya Swayamprakash
School is out: Hilsa brought in from Bangladesh is sold at a fish market in Kolkata. Photo: A Roy Chowdhury
The disappearance of fish — be it hilsa or salmon — from reservoirs is cause for worry
Growing up, Sunday was a special day in the calendar. Apart from being allowed to watch TV longer, the high point was the man who arrived at our block of flats carrying an aluminium basket full of fish, right after the news for the hearing-impaired had aired on DD. Since we were a vegetarian household, he never stopped at our door. So, I followed him to neighbours’ houses, listened in when he waxed eloquent about the size of the pomfret, the freshness of the prawns and the sterling qualities of the odd mackerel that made its way into the basket. Sometimes, there were crabs too. I would spend hours, trailing him, watching his deft hands slice through the fish, scoop out its innards, blood dripping everywhere. In the beginning, I was more scared than revolted. My mother cut vegetables, and she struggled sometimes with yams, but I had never seen anything as bloody as fish filleting.
The man was not just selling fish, he had caught most of them himself. You could smell the fish on him, his calloused hands told of many nets cast. Our fisherman fished in the estuary off the coast of Bombay, bringing in mostly marine fish. He was always in a hurry, lest the fish go “bad”. In time, his visits became more infrequent and eventually, they stopped.
But my obsessions with fish and all things fishy had just begun. Fifteen years later — and I am soliciting ideas for my third fish tattoo.
In Bhopal, while conducting fieldwork on fishing policy in the reservoirs of Madhya Pradesh, I met fishermen, who, unlike my Bombay fisherman, cast their nets in reservoirs. They didn’t eat any of the fish they caught; only those that were unsold. They spent entire nights in their boats fishing. Bringing in a catch was as much about quantity, as it was about preserving it. Once fish die, rigor mortis — the progressive stiffening that results from coagulation of muscle protein — sets in. Fish need to be iced as soon as they are brought out of water, if they aren’t, they start to smell ‘fishy’ and soon become inedible. The fishermen of Bhopal lamented about having only the reservoirs to fish in and the lack of diversity in the catch. And recently, fishermen in the Mettur dam in Tamil Nadu told me about their lives — months spent in one reservoir before moving on to the next; the only fish available are the ones harvested by the Fisheries Department. These men too don’t eat the fish they catch. And, like most reservoir fishermen, their catch is dwindling. These fishermen have only heard of sea fish, they’ve never caught one.
Sometime back I saw a documentary, Season of the Salmon on National Geographic, on salmon runs along the Columbia River. At the time, it was difficult for me to reconcile with the idea that salmon die after spawning. I am not sure if I’m still fully reconciled to it, but it seems to be the way evolution flows — one generation making way for another. Altering the course of a river can alter an entire ecosystem. Migration represents flow, interdependence and the cyclical nature of life. Dams — by being physical barriers that disconnect riverine landscapes — often cut off rivers from their floodplains and fish from their spawning grounds. The last century saw more fish losing access to their spawning grounds than ever before. For migratory fish, whose genes are hardwired to move, dams disrupt the codes set up by millions of years of evolution.
In the last two decades, the tide has slowly turned against dams. So far, the largest dam removal is that of the Glines Canyon dam, which for nearly 90 years cut off the upper reaches of the Elwha river for migrating salmon. By the end of this month, the final phase of the dam removal will be complete. Already, in three years, salmon have made their way back into the river. In India, the hilsa was once caught in Kanpur, Allahabad and even Delhi — 1,400km away from the river Ganga’s mouth. Today, the hilsa stands obstructed at the Farakka Barrage in West Bengal. Hilsa catch continues to decline both in Bangladesh and West Bengal. The hilsa is the subcontinent’s salmon; there was a time it could be caught from every river in the region and even in the Persian Gulf, and in the Tigris and Euphrates.
Eating fish, like catching them, is seldom a solitary act. From spawning to catching to cooking, a fish brings together a veritable sea of humanity. Salmon runs have known to bring bears out of hiding. Hilsa runs bring out the Bengalis. The hilsa’s popularity is a reminder of its (former) abundance. Like the salmon, the hilsa also faces hurdles. Despite its iconic status, especially among Bengalis, hilsa runs are on the decline.
In Mauritania, which has some of the world’s best off-the-coast fishing, the national dish Thieboudienne — made of fish, potatoes and rice — is eaten communally. In Malawai, locals believe “you haven’t eaten your fish until you have eaten its head”; I’m sure more than a few Bengalis will agree. As fish stocks diminish, so will ways of cooking and eating fish. This is not a premature obituary to dying fish populations, it’s just a reminder that, perhaps, eating fish is not just about eating fish.
In the mean time, I often wonder if my Bombay fisherman can still fish enough to continue being a fisherman.
(Ramya Swayamprakash studies urban design, but spends her time obsessing about fish-centred worlds)
(This article was published on September 26, 2014)
Related

DAVE HUNT / EPA file
Will DUI Charge Dim Michael Phelps as Sponsor Darling
Viagra could affect vision: studyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Ten life lessons by Baapu on Gandhi JayantiPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 8:00 am | Updated: October 2, 2014 10:57 am
He experimented with his life at many levels. His life philosophies are subject of many debates. But no one can deny that he had a unique understanding of life and his words hold significance even today. On Mahatma Gandhi’s 145th anniversary, we revisit his top 10 life lessons.
 

Rocket  missing boostersRemember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

Bharat Heavy Electricals bags Rs 359 cr NMDC contractBharat Heavy Electricals bags NMDC contract worth Rs 359 crore
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 2, 2014  | 17:18 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
Bharat Heavy Electricals (BHEL) has bagged a contract worth Rs 359 crore for setting up a plant power distribution system package for an National Mineral Development Corporation (NMDC) steel plant in Chattisgarh.
In a statement on Thursday, BHEL said the contract for setting up the plant power distribution system package is valued at Rs 359 crore.
"The present order envisages design, engineering, supply, erection and commissioning of the complete power distribution system on turn key basis.
"The system will supply power through 33kV GIS (Gas Insulated Switchgear) based substations to the shops of the integrated steel plant," it added.
The work pertains to state-owned NMDC's three million tonnes per annum integrated steel plant at Nagarnar in Chattisgarh. BHEL is already executing a raw material handling package at the project.

Banks need USD 200 billion capital in next 5 years: FitchBanks need USD 200 billion in next 5 years to meet Basel III norms, says Fitch
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 2, 2014  | 17:29 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Domestic banks will need US $200 billion additional capital over the next five years to meet Basel III norms for capital adequacy and the demand for funds as growth picks up, Fitch Ratings said on Thursday.
The ratings agency expects improvement in asset quality of the country's banks with pick up in economic growth.
"Progress will be led by improvement in the cyclical sectors, which is likely to benefit from a sustained economic recovery," it said.
Public sector banks reported stressed assets of around 12 per cent in 2013-14, versus around 4 per cent of private banks and 10 per cent for the banking system, according to Fitch.
The agency said it "expects Indian banks to require over US $200 billion in capital as growth picks up and banks progress towards Basel III."
The agency said there was emergence of some early signs of stability in asset-quality at certain large PSU banks.
Fitch expects the trend to gain strength as economic growth picks up pace with the country's real GDP (Gross Domestic Product) growth projected at 5.5 per cent in FY15 and 6.5 per cent in FY16, it said.
"That is against the backdrop of a new government with a clear electoral mandate and a renewed focus on policy reforms, which is likely to set the stage for a cyclical recovery," it added.
It said the capital needs of the country's banks are likely to rise incrementally until the full phase-in of the Basel III regulations in the financial year ending March 2019.
State-run banks , which account for around 75 per cent of assets in the banking system, will require the bulk of this new capital, as they suffer from lower capitalisation, high stressed assets and weak earnings, Fitch said.

Strong growth in numbers expected for ITStrong growth in numbers expected for IT
Itika Sharma Punit | Bangalore Oct 03, 2014 12:50 AM IST
After several quarters of scattered growth, a recent uptick in demand and strong deal flow are expected to lead all tier-I Indian information technology (IT) services companies to post robust growth for the July-September quarter (Q2 of FY15), against their performance during April-June (Q1).
In line with several earlier quarters, the country’s largest IT services company, Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), is seen leading the pack in Q2, closely followed by HCL Technologies. Company-specific issues are likely to continue dragging down the performance of Infosys and Wipro, the Bangalore-based majors.
“As is the norm, TCS will likely lead the constant-currency quarter-on-quarter (QoQ) revenue growth,” says a note from US-based financial services firm JPMorgan. It expects TCS to post at least five per cent sequential growth in revenue during Q2. “Infosys should have a better September quarter than the June one (in constant-currency revenue growth)...We expect Wipro to do better than turn out another quarter of 'well-below median of revenue guidance band', a feature of its revenue print in the past three quarters.”
WHAT THE FUTURE HOLDS
Strong demand seen aiding all large firms
TCS seen leading; HCL close second
Company-specific issues might drag down Infy, Wipro
Cross-currency headwinds could take 30-80 bps hit
Pay rises to hit margins of HCL, Wipro
Margins of TCS, Infy seen rising slightly
Mindtree, TechM in focus amid tier-II companies
Infosys, scheduled to announce its Q2 earnings on October 10, will be the focus. The Street is waiting for its new chief executive officer, Vishal Sikka, to share his strategy for a turnaround. Most analysts believe Infosys will retain its revenue growth forecast for FY15 at seven to nine per cent. Credit Suisse thinks it possible for the company to narrow its forecast (‘guidance’) range.
“With relatively soft Q1 growth (at two per cent QoQ) on a weaker base, it will need to see a two to four per cent CQGR (compounded quarterly growth rate) for the remaining three quarters to meet the lower and upper end of the guidance,” Credit Suisse said in a note published on Tuesday. “We believe the historical seasonality pattern (of first half growth significantly better than that of the second half) might be less pronounced this year for Infosys.”
Viju K George of JPMorgan said the Street was already bracing for Infosys to remain close to the lower end of its annual revenue growth guidance. Wipro, which surprised investors with a strong revenue growth guidance of 1.7 to four per cent for Q2, is not only expected to meet the target but also share an equally robust growth guidance for Q3, on the back of healthy order booking and demand from key regions, analysts said.
According to the companies’ websites, TCS will announce its Q2 earnings on October 16 and Wipro on October 22.
Cross-currency headwinds are likely to put some pressure on the revenue performance of most IT services entities during Q2, analysts said. According to Anantha Narayan and Nitin Jain of Credit Suisse Securities Research, with a three per cent depreciation in the euro-dollar rate and around one per cent in the British pound and the Australian dollar, cross-currency headwinds could be in the range of 30-80 basis points (bps) sequentially during Q2.

`Jayalalithaa not getting VIP treatment`Jayalalithaa not getting VIP treatment’
PTI
Tweet
Bangalore, Oct 2:  
AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa is not getting VIP treatment, but being looked after as any other ordinary prisoner at the Parapanna Agrahara Central prison where she is lodged after conviction in the disproportionate assets case, according to a top jail official.
"Madam (Jayalalithaa) is getting no VIP treatment. She is being treated as any other prisoner at Parapanna Agrahara," DIG Prisons P M Jaisimha told PTI here.
Jayalalithaa has not even asked for a television set, while a common TV is provided even for ordinary prisoners, he said.
"She instead insists on providing things as per the manual rules of the prison. She has not made any demand for luxury, except ordering for an iron cot as per the doctors'
advice. She has been very polite with the officials," he said.
Since Jayalalithaa is a short-termer (a prisoner who is not undergoing rigorous imprisonment), she is allowed to wear her garments, he said. She is happy wearing sarees only and she is not wearing any cosmetics either, Jaisimha added.
Jayalalithaa also is being looked after by her close aide Sasikala and Elavarasi, the latter's relative, who have also been imprisoned in the same women's barracks, he said.
The AIADMK chief is keeping good health and eating simple food as per doctors' advice, besides reading newspapers, Jaisimha said. "She is eating brown bread, milk, biscuits, fruits and chappatis" he said.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Micro RNA tied to colon cancer growth identifiedE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Maharashtra Congress releases manifesto for upcoming Assembly pollsComments
Congress leaders Sushilkumar Shinde, Prithviraj Chavan, Manikrao Thakre and Harshvardhan Patil during the launch of party's election manifesto for the upcoming Assembly elections in Mumbai on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Congress on Thursday released its manifesto for the Maharashtra Assembly polls, promising increased income limit for beneficiaries of a health scheme from Rs 1.5 lakh to Rs 2.5 lakh, besides police stations for women as well as elimination of manual scavenging in the state.
Releasing the manifesto, which was prepared by a committee headed by former Union Home Minister Sushilkumar Shinde, former Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan told reporters here that the income limit for beneficiaries under the popular Rajiv Gandhi Jeevandayi Health Scheme would be raised to Rs 2.5 lakh.
The Congress manifesto also promised that five per cent of the annual budget under the special component plan would be earmarked for the welfare of nomadic tribes and denotified tribes, he said.
He said that a permanent provision of Rs 500 crore for a “drought fund” would be made for drought prone districts.
The Congress manifesto said that farmers in the state would be supplied electricity for eight hours during day time and ten hours at night.
“If a crop is lost to the extent of 60 per cent, its damage will be treated as 100 per cent,” the manifesto said.
A separate television channel named ‘Krishi Darshan’ would be launched to inform farmers about modern agricultural technology, various government schemes and success stories of farmers, the manifesto said.
Mango and cashew nut boards would be established for the benefit of farmers of these crops and subsidy would be provided through the board, it said.
The manifesto said that restriction on marketing agriculture produce would be removed.
The Congress has promised fast track courts to implement the Prevention of Atrocities Act.

Constellation falls on earnings missOctober 2, 2014 6:15 pm
Constellation falls on earnings miss
By Mamta Badkar and Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/69fcbaae-4a4b-11e4-b8bc-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

10 mid-cap stocks to own10 mid-cap stocks to own
Sheetal Agarwal, Ujjval Jauhari & Ram Prasad Sahu | Mumbai Oct 02, 2014 10:48 PM IST
The S&P BSE Sensex has run up about 34 per cent over the past one year. This rally is fuelled by the formation of a new, stable government at the Centre and hopes of macroeconomic recovery, some signs are already visible.
More, many market gurus expect the Sensex to reach 30,000 levels by December and 40,000-45,000 in three to four years. The steps taken by the Reserve Bank of India in a year are bearing fruit, with the rupee-dollar exchange rate stable, current account deficit reducing and inflation inching lower. The government has taken steps (more are desired). Over a period, these should result in higher gross domestic product (GDP) and earnings growth rates. While the GDP growth for 2014-15 is pegged at over 5.4 per cent versus 4.7 per cent in 2013-14, earnings are expected to grow 12-15 per cent in 2014-15, with stronger growth after that. The softening of global crude oil and metal prices should help the country. The flip side is the worsening of geopolitical events, sharper-than-expected rise in US interest rates and higher-than-estimated slowdown in Europe and China, among others.
While most large- and mid-cap stocks have rallied this year, there are still some that offer good upside from current levels and enjoy strong earnings visibility. Though large-cap stocks will continue doing well, if the expected run continues, mid-cap stocks should deliver better returns. Here is a list of 10 such stocks within the BSE 500 that have high upside potential and are expected to deliver healthy earnings growth over FY14-17. ( Click for table & charts )

Minority investors found their voice last quarterMinority investors found their voice last quarter
BS Reporter | New Delhi Oct 03, 2014 12:49 AM IST
Minority shareholders are becoming more assertive encouraged by changes in the new companies law and by proxy advisory firms are putting up detailed advisories on crucial resolutions.
The July-September quarter saw hectic activity as companies put hundreds of resolutions to vote at their annual general meetings.
Minority investors voted out resolutions on pay for the top management of Tata Motors in early July. The move sent shock waves around the corporate sector, bringing home the impact of rules governing related-party transactions in the new Companies Act.
Proxy firms pointed out companies should bring more granularity to compensation policies and should not club resolutions for remuneration with those for reappointment.
"What also changed this quarter was the active participation of investors," Institutional Investor Advisory Services (IiAS) said in a report.
The proxy firm referred to two cases where shareholders decided to challenge company managements.
In PTL Enterprises, the promoters decided to sell a major business to themselves in a related-party transaction that favoured the management. "Shareholders approached courts and succeeded in obtaining a stay on the sale of the business," IiAS said.
In Panacea Biotech, there was a call to arms by shareholders in what to them appeared as mismanagement and questionable use of funds.
As tighter regulation under a new Sebi listing agreement approached in October, companies raised their concerns with the government and the regulator. Two rounds of dilution by the ministry of corporate affairs and a corresponding dilution by Sebi followed.
These enabled some companies to sidestep opposition by minority investors. A resolution by the JSW group to pay an entity owned by its promoter's wife a significant sum for brand promotion came under scrutiny after another proxy firm, Stakeholders Empowerment Services (SES), called it an abusive related-party transaction. SES had also recommended voting against the Tata Motors remuneration.
However, the JSW promoters used the ministry of corporate affairs relaxation regarding related-party transactions and saw the move through. With the new listing agreement coming to force from October 1, such transactions will now come to shareholders for a vote. Several concerns were also raised against United Spirits' treatment of loans to entities related to its chairman Vijay Mallya.
"We believe this is just the beginning, there will be more such instances where investors stand up and hold managements accountable," IiAS  said in a recent report. One instance of intense shareholder activism was against the Maruti Suzuki decision to invest in a plant in Gujarat. The decision is likely to come up for minority investor approval in November.

Mostly cloudy evening before slight shower chance Friday; Weather for Orioles  Nationals gamesTemperature Map
Temperatures: Latest D.C. area temperature map. See interactive map on our Weather Wall .
High pressure provides some nice weather this evening, which Orioles fans will enjoy (see below for game forecasts). Starting tomorrow, however, low pressure creeps back into the region ahead of a strong approaching cold front. Most of the rain will be in the overnight hours on Friday, but we can’t rule out some pre-frontal showers in the late afternoon on Friday.
Through Tonight: Clouds have lingered longer today than we thought they would, though we’re still expecting some clearing through the night. With those clouds comes the very slight chance of a sprinkle or a brief light shower. Lows will be around 60 degrees in the city, and the mid to upper 50s in the suburbs. Winds from the southeast around 5 mph.
Tomorrow (Friday): A cold front approaches the region from the west bringing a dramatic change of weather for the weekend. While most of the front’s rain will fall late Friday night into Saturday morning, there’s still a 20 percent chance of showers as the afternoon wears on. That chance gets higher through the evening. Highs are in the mid-70s, and winds from the southeast pick up some speed ahead of the cold front.
See David Streit’s forecast through the weekend. And if you haven’t already, join us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter . For related traffic news, check out Dr. Gridlock.
Pollen: Tree, grass and weed pollen are LOW. Mold spores are MODERATE.
A Nationals Gnome surveys the Mall in the blue hour on September 1, 2014. ( Kevin Wolf via Flickr )
Playoff game weather forecasts
Tigers @ Orioles, 5:37 p.m. Tonight: A stray shower is possible in the early innings, but otherwise the weather should be sweet for this one. First pitch temperature will be in the low 70s under mostly cloudy skies. Winds from the east around 5 mph. By the time the game is over, the temperature will be in the upper 60s.
Giants @ Nationals, 3:07 p.m. Friday: While there is a chance of showers on Friday afternoon ahead of the approaching cold front, this game looks like it will be good to go. Chance of rain is 20 percent, and any rain that does fall is not expected to be heavy. First pitch temperature will be the high for the day, around 75 degrees. End of game temperature will be just a few degrees cooler than that. It might feel a little breezy in the ballpark, with winds from the southeast around 10 mph.
The Orioles should be happy to know that they have at least one fan in outer space. NASA Astonaut Reid Wiseman, a Baltimore native, is cheering them on tonight.
There’s only one thing that needs to be said today: GO @ORIOLES !! pic.twitter.com/22tHErSY0L
— Reid Wiseman (@astro_reid) October 2, 2014
 

Narendra Modi is not Reagan. Or Obama. Or Evita. Or Margaret ThatcherNarendra Modi is not Reagan. Or Obama. Or Evita. Or Margaret Thatcher
Written by
Manu Bhagavan Professor, Hunter College
October 2, 2014
This portrait evokes connections.(Reuters/Lucas Jackson)
SHARE
Manu Bhagavan Professor, Hunter College
October 2, 2014
One of the most astonishing sights during Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s recent rock star performance at Madison Square Garden was the abundance of likenesses of an iconic American political poster designed by Shepard Fairey, with Modi’s image sitting in for that of the now-US President. This was a purposeful connection, of course, since much of Modi’s campaign strategy for the 2014 election was modeled after the historic and groundbreaking 2008 victory of Barack Obama. In India, these innovations proved all the more dramatic when contrasted with the more slow-footed dynast-aurs of the Congress Party, and helped cement a certain image of Modi as a man of the future. (This was no doubt pleasing to acolytes so desperate to leave the past, or a certain part of it related to Modi’s Chief Minister-ship in Gujarat, behind.)
It is perhaps ironic, then, that many stories that have run since the new government has taken power have tried to define Modi as a man of history. The premise is that Modi can best be understood by drawing parallels with major figures from the past whom he closely resembles. His detractors leap to a certain mid-twentieth-century German leader, drawing eye-rolls and shrugs from many for whom there was and always will be only one Hitler, and anger from his ardent supporters who feel he is being unfairly maligned. Other standards of comparison meant more positively have included Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher, Evita Peron , Lee Kuan Yew, and Obama himself. This typecasting-by-analogy is meant to make Modi more understandable to broad swaths of the global public for whom he remains an unknown, a clone whose likeness to the original is so overwhelming that he practically represents a reincarnation. (This is also not a trend limited to coverage of Modi by any means, as a famous Time magazine cover of Obama-as-FDR demonstrates).
The comparisons of Modi are based on real or perceived similarities to his historical brethren, and they perhaps do provide some framework for helping to understand him, or that element of sameness in him, in the present day. But the very multitude of connections undermines any claim to a second coming of any one, particular figure. Modi is many things, because he is, ultimately, unique. He’s his own thing, but a clear product of history as well.
Modi claims to be a self-made man, and this is undoubtedly true. Many see his rise from tea seller to the highest office in the land as inspirational, emblematic of a new Indian Dream (one clearly modeled after the one enjoyed and heralded by cousins who previously crossed the Atlantic [or the Pacific]) that reassures that if one aspires, one will achieve. But Modi’s self-making extends beyond simply pulling himself up by his chappal straps. He and his handlers have seen to it that every tweet, every hologram, every facet of his public persona is finely crafted and controlled, and this machinery of invention is so thorough and extensive as to constitute a virtual factory of self-manufacturing, image-making on an industrial scale.
Modi does not reflect so many figures of the past by accident, but rather purposefully, exemplified in his adoption of Obama campaign tactics, for the new Prime Minister seeks to draw lessons from the methods of success of his predecessors. What works in getting the message across, or in creating a “bridge to the people” a la Evita, is adopted, though adapted to fit Modi and his desired outcome. Jawaharlal Nehru too was rapturously received on his world tours, even—especially—in the United States (in 1949). And so Nehru’s jacket, long a symbol of India’s first prime minister and his much-different outlook, re-emerges in saffron color to fit a new ideological view, to summon the spirit of past success while banishing the ghost of its former bearer. It is in this same mode that Open Magazine ran a celebratory post-election cover of Modi with the startling banner headline “ Triumph of the Will .”
Despite this effort to tightly control the narrative, or rather because of it, Manufactured Modi is by the very design of cherry-picked historical trappings someone who appears differently to different audiences. He is, just as Obama was before him, a human Rorschach test. True Believers see qualities like strength, vision, efficiency, and productivity where others see authoritarian tendencies.
Just who is the true Modi? Is he a pro-business technocrat? Is he a hardscrabble manager who will make India’s notoriously cumbersome bureaucracy work? Is he a dogmatic, exclusionary person who puts creed and religion first? Is he a messiah of cleanliness, functionality, and service? Is he a democrat who listens or one who dictates? Some combination of these things? What exactly is the desired outcome that Modi’s PR is trying to facilitate?
The real task lies in understanding in all its nuances the ideology that drives Modi, and not in figuring out what person he most resembles. History is a powerful but complex force and it is impossible to extract elements from the particular contexts and ideas that gave rise to them.
To be champions of the future requires a wariness of dangers presented by certain courses of action, and this awareness, informed by deep readings of the past and present, can only come if criticisms of every idea and policy are welcomed and debated in a healthy and productive way in the public sphere.
It is true that a race to the future cannot be won by looking backwards, but neither can anyone actually outrun the past.
Follow Manu on Twitter @ManuBhagavan .We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com .
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

A gratuitous Stick Internet chart (plus some GoPro news)Remember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

Mohan Bhagwat addresses RSS cadres on Dusshehra11
0
Nagpur: On the occasion of Dusshehra, Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh chief Mohan Bhagwat addressed cadres at Sangh headquarters in Nagpur on Friday.
Bhagwat lauded the athletes winning laurels in the Incheon Asian Games. He was also all praise about Prime Minister Narendra Modi's recent US trip. "PM Modi's visit to the US was a huge success. He was given a rousing welcome there," he noted.
He appealed to the people to participate in the 'Swachch Bharat Abhiyan' launched by the PM on Gandhi Jayanti.
Bhagwat addresses Sangh cadres every year on Dusshehra. Surprisingly, this year his entire speech was telecast live by public broadcaster Doordarshan.
In his speech, Bhagwat also exhorted Hindus to celebrate festivals of all faiths.
"Respect and acceptance of each other's faith, harmony and cooperation is the hallmark of the Hindu culture. We accept the other person's faith and views. We move together and accept and respect all.
"All Hindus should participate in all functions, celebrations as well as festivals of great heroes and personalities," Bhagwat said.
895

US  not India or China  is the best investment destination: ObamaUS, not India or China, is the best investment destination: Obama
Press Trust of India | Washington Oct 03, 2014 10:10 AM IST
Asserting that the once-shattered US economy was now 'healthier' and had made 'steady' and 'real' progress over the past few years, President Barack Obama has said that it was America and not India or China that was the most attractive investment destination in the world.
"Because of all these things, our economy isn't just primed for steadier, more sustained growth; America is better poised to lead and succeed in the 21st century than any other nation on Earth. We've got the best cards," Obama said.
"Business leaders from around the world have said the world's most attractive place to invest is not India or China, it's the United States of America," Obama said in his address on economy in Illinois.
"That's because the financial sector is healthier; because manufacturing is healthier; because the housing market is healthier; because health care inflation is at a 50-year low; because our energy boom is at new highs," he said.
Obama said the US economy was back on track and was now creating jobs than laying employees off.
"As Americans, we can and should be proud of the progress that our country has made over these past six years," he said.
"When I took office, businesses were laying off 800,000 Americans a month. Today, our businesses are hiring 200,000 Americans a month. The unemployment rate has come down from a high of 10% in 2009, to 6. 1% today," he said.
Over the past four and a half years, the businesses have created 10 million new jobs; this is the longest uninterrupted stretch of private sector job creation in the history.
"Right now, there are more job openings than at any time since 2001. All told, the United States has put more people back to work than Europe, Japan, and every other advanced economy combined," Obama said.
The US President said this progress has been hard, but it has been steady and it has been real.
"It is the direct result of the American people's drive and their determination and their resilience, and it's also the result of sound decisions made by my administration," he said.
"So it is indisputable that our economy is stronger today than when I took office. By every economic measure, we are better off now than we were when I took office. At the same time, it's also indisputable that millions of Americans don't yet feel enough of the benefits of a growing economy where it matters most and that's in their own lives," Obama said.

Andhra Pradesh will be a  golden  State in 5 years: Nirmala SitharamanE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

L K Advani praises PM Narendra Modi  but says Atal Bihari Vajpayee is No. 1L K Advani praises PM Narendra Modi, but says Atal Bihari Vajpayee is No. 1
PTI | Ahmedabad | Published:  Oct 02 2014, 10:42  IST
Oct 02 2014, 10:42  IST
 

PM addresses nation via All India Radio  pushes for KhadiOct 03, 2014 at  12:22pm IST
PM addresses nation via All India Radio, pushes for Khadi
48
4
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi took his mass outreach programme a step further when he addressed the nation via All India Radio on Friday morning on the occasion of Vijaya Dashmi.
Reaching out to almost 99 per cent of the country's population, the PM once again pitched for the 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan'. "Let us pledge to affirm to remove dirt. Yesterday we began the Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan and I want you all to join this Abhiyaan," he said during his 'Man Ki Baat' programme.
Exhorting countrymen to believe in their strengths, Modi urged everyone to buy at least one Khadi product and encourage the tradition started by Gandhi. "If you buy Khadi, you light the lamp of prosperity in the house of a poor person," he said in the over 15-minute long address.
#narendra modi #air #radio #pm
"Specially-abled children are the responsibility of the whole society. God may have chosen that family, but that child is the responsibility of the nation," Modi said.
Modi recalled that during his tenure in Gujarat as the chief minister, children from the state had won medals at Special Olympics in Athens.
"I called those children to my home and spent two hours with them. It was a very inspiring incident of my life," the prime minister said.
"I was so emotionally touched that I used to organise Olympics for specially-abled children in Gujarat. They and their parents would be there...And the atmosphere of confidence was there," he said.
The Prime Minister said that he intends to continue this mass contact programme and that he would address the nation at least twice a month via AIR.
He also welcomed suggestions from the public to provide better governance. "I want you to keep sharing these things with me. Together let us serve India and take our Nation to newer heights," he concluded.
With 413 stations located across the country, AIR reaches nearly 92% of the country's area and 99.19 % of the total population, say official figures.
(With inputs from IANS)

ISRO to launch IRNSS 1C on Oct 10ISRO to launch IRNSS 1C on Oct 10
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Oct 3:  
ISRO will launch the third of seven series of satellites to put in place India’s own navigation system on par with US’ Global Positioning System (GPS) from the spaceport of Sriharikota on October 10.
The launch has been scheduled at 1.56 AM on October 10, ISRO said today.
The IRNSS 1C satellite would be launched on the 28th flight of India’s PSLV-C26 from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre at Sriharikota, some 100 km from here.
As part of its aspirations to build a regional navigational system equivalent to Global Positioning System of the US, ISRO plans to send seven satellites to put in place the Indian Regional Navigational Satellite System (IRNSS).
The first two satellites in the series, IRNSS 1A and IRNSS 1B were launched from Sriharikota on July 1 2013 and April 4 this year respectively.
ISRO needs to launch at least four of the seven satellites to start operations of the IRNSS, ISRO officials said.
Being developed by India, IRNSS is designed to provide accurate position information service to users in the country as well as the region extending upto 1,500 km from its boundary, which is its primary service area.
IRNSS’ applications include terrestrial and marine navigation, disaster management, vehicle tracking and fleet management.
IRNSS is similar to US’ Global Positioning System, Russia’s Glonass and Europe’s Galileo. China and Japan also have similar systems, ‘Beidou’ and ‘Quasi Zenith’, ISRO officials said.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Indian biotech industry is on the cusp of entering a new era’Indian biotech industry is on the cusp of entering a new era’
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Oct 3:  
India’s biotechnology industry is on the cusp of entering a new era as it already has many of the necessities required to grow its bio economy such as a talented and enthusiastic scientific workforce, a top biotech industry leadership has said.
“In 2012, Indian industry and government leaders set an ambitious yet attainable goal of growing the nation’s bio economy to more than US $100 billion by 2025,” Jim Greenwood, CEO Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO) said yesterday.
“BIO believes that the Indian biotechnology industry is on the cusp of entering a new era when it can provide significant economic growth and development to the people of India and around the world,” he said.
It needs only to address some fundamental areas of policy and regulation, and take steps towards creating an environment that encourages, not discourages, investment by innovators.
“Because we see the potential that can result from collaborating with our Indian partners, BIO and the Association of Biotechnology-Led Enterprises produced a comprehensive road map for the nation’s biotechnology industry, in which we identify major areas that require Prime Minister Modi’s attention,” Greenwood said.
“Without developing a pro-innovation environment, the Indian biotechnology industry will not be able to achieve its high potential and the world will not benefit from what could be the Asia Pacific region’s dominant biotech hub,” he said.
Greenwood welcomed Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s five-day visit to the United States which the Indian leader has described as a highly “successful and satisfactory trip“.
BIO is the world’s largest trade association representing biotechnology companies, academic institutions, state biotechnology centers and related organizations across the US and in more than 30 other nations.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

British PM Cameron s Conservatives take poll lead ahead of electionBritish PM Cameron's Conservatives take poll lead ahead of election
Reuters
Tweet
LONDON, Oct 3:  
British Prime Minister David Cameron's Conservative party has edged ahead of the opposition Labour party just over seven months ahead of a May 2015 national election, a YouGov poll showed on Friday.
When asked which party they would vote for, 35 per cent of respondents said they would vote Conservative while 34 per cent said they would vote for Labour, according to a YouGov survey carried out on Oct. 1-2.
YouGov said it was the first poll lead for the Conservatives since March 2012 but cautioned that a single poll should be treated with care as it had also detected small Labour leads in recent weeks.
The Liberal Democrats, the junior members of the coalition government, were on 6 per cent while the anti-EU United Kingdom Independence Party was on 14 per cent, when excluding nearly a fifth of respondents who said they either would not vote or did not know who to vote for.
YouGov also said the lead could be due to Cameron's Oct. 1 speech when he pledged over 7 billion pounds of tax cuts.
"The poll may be a blip, reflecting a real but short-lived boost for the Tories following their party's annual conference and David Cameron's well-received speech," YouGov President Peter Kellner said.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

No idea why SpiceJet is attacking us: Mittu ...I have no idea why SpiceJet is attacking us: AirAsia India CEO Mittu Chandilya
By ET Bureau | 3 Oct, 2014, 09.02AM IST
0
Share More
AirAsia CEO Mittu Chandilya laughs off the idea of a rival airline boss poking pins in his voodoo doll, but AirAsia's Mittu Chandilya's 'aggressive side' will come out if you 'touch his team'.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Masoom Gupte
If love for social media is a parameter to go by, Mittu Chandilya of AirAsia is every bit a CEO of this generation. Whether it's pictures of a day out with the boss (Tony Fernandes, founder, AirAsia) in Mumbai, a compliment paid to a rival airline (Aditya Ghosh, CEO, IndiGo Airlines) for their work during the recent J&K floods, or a double date dinner with Snapdeal's founder Kunal Bahl and their respective spouses, Chandilya posts regular updates on Twitter.
Yet it's on this micro-blogging site that India's airline wars often unfold, like Fernandes accusing IndiGo of playing dirty or when SpiceJet COO Sanjiv Kapoor's leaked company email took potshots purportedly at Chandilya.
But Chandilya has an easy attitude when he sits down for a chat with ETPanache at a Mumbai hotel lounge. The AirAsia CEO is on a flying visit to announce the launch of Vijay Amritraj's Champions Tennis League, in which his wife Inga and he have bought the Bengaluru team.
Chandilya, who trained with former Indian tennis star Ramesh Krishnan at one point, even got a partial tennis scholarship for his MBA program in the US. "I don't come from a wealthy background to try and play with this (the League). But I believe in tennis," says Chandilya, before discussing the recent storms that AirAsia has flown into:
In a recent interview to Economic Times, Tony Fernandes said that SpiceJet COO Sanjiv Kapoor is obsessed with and probably even has a voodoo doll of you. What did you say to him after reading the statement?
To Tony? I never tell Tony anything (laughs). The thing I love about Tony is that he is very direct, very open. He says what he means and what he sees. I don't think people should pick on other people. That's not the way it should be. I don't know what Spice(Jet) is going through. I have no idea why they were attacking on Twitter.
Should the captains of industry stick to certain rules of engagement?
What India has taught me over the last 18 months is that there are no rules, there is no code of conduct. So, I'm not disappointed in that. But I think you have to be mature about a few things.
You never see me reply to any of those things and I don't plan to. You know it's his voice. That's the beauty of social media. Anybody can talk, anybody can be direct. You got to take the good and the bad. I can't comment on what he's doing.
But one notices that you retweet, not tweet. You never put your comments out there.
I try to not keep my tweets negative. I could easily go that route. But being the CEO of an airline, you don't share everything all the time. There are a lot of things going on in the back room. You have to protect the company, its reputation and your peers.
I have views about service levels, innovation, routes but I'll never comment on another airline. But, never say never. Push me to a limit and I will come out. And I am a very aggressive, competitive person. Touch my team, touch my organisation, talk badly about them and you will see a different side to me.
What about the FIA membership issues? Is there any progress on that front?
Not that I know of. It is an Indian airline, with 51 per cent Indian ownership, four Indian board members versus one foreigner. The entire management team is Indian, including myself. So I'd hope that they recognise us as an Indian carrier and allow us to join the FIA. We are keen on that. We've applied a couple of times and haven't heard back yet.
Does it surprise you that you are facing these issues despite the backing of the Tata Group?
It doesn't actually surprise me. It surprises me to the degree that they are going against us. I think it (airlines) is a very competitive industry. The war for passengers is high.
Plus you have eight competitors here, which is different from Malaysia where there are just two. That's why it's a lot hungrier, a lot more aggressive. So I don't think you get additional support or respect or a lack of it because of their (Tata's) involvement.
Which airlines do you pick when you travel on routes with no AirAsia flights currently operational?
I usually go with Air India or Jet Airways. Jet has fabulous service and is a really good airline and I'm proud of it as an Indian. Air India is our national carrier and I'm partial towards that. If there is an opportunity, I try and take them (Air India).
On the DGCA making AirAsia withdraw its inflight magazines for misrepresenting J&K borders on the India map:
That was very unfortunate. The reality is we messed up. I was very embarrassed as an Indian. These magazines were printed in Malaysia and we've learnt from it. We withdrew all magazines within four hours across all 180 planes. From October, these magazines will be printed locally. Honestly, no other comments other than we messed up.

Actors game for Modi s  Clean India  challengeOct 03, 2014 at  04:22pm IST
Actors game for Modi's 'Clean India' challenge
8
0
New Delhi: Accepting Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan' challenge, actor Salman Khan pledged support to the cause. "Me & my Foundation accept the invite from our honourable Prime Minister for Swachh Bharat and will give our 100% for #MyCleanIndia," the actor tweeted.
Earlier in the day, actor-filmmaker Kamal Haasan, who was nominated by PM to work towards a cleaner India, also humbly accepted the invitation and invited nine million people to make this a "nation building" initiative.
Modi on Thursday had nominated actors Priyanka Chopra, Salman Khan, Kamal Hassan, cricketer Sachin Tendulkar and Yoga guru Baba Ramdev among others.
Modi on Thursday had nominated actors Priyanka Chopra, Salman Khan, Kamal Hassan, cricketer Sachin Tendulkar and Yoga guru Baba Ramdev among others.
Modi said the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan launched on Thursday should clean up the country by 2019, the 150th anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
(With inputs from IANS)

Motorola launches Moto 360 smartwatch at Rs 17 999 in IndiaOct 03, 2014 at  03:27pm IST
Motorola launches Moto 360 smartwatch at Rs 17,999 in India
61
3
New Delhi: Motorola has finally launched the much-awaited Moto 360 smartwatch in India at a price of Rs 17,999. Quite like the Motorola phones, the Android Wear-based Moto 360 smartwatch is also available exclusively through e-commerce major Flipkart .
The smartwtach was unveiled in India early this month alongside the second-generation Moto G and Moto X smartphones, but it goes on sale in India starting October 3, Friday.
According to Motorola, the Moto 360 will initially be in limited stock on Flipkart, and more stock will be available in two weeks.
Quite like the Motorola phones, the Android Wear-based Moto 360 smartwatch is also available exclusively through e-commerce major Flipkart.
#motorola #moto 360 #motorola smartwatch #android wear
Motorola's Moto 360 smartwatch, which is the most expensive Android Wear smartwatch (available in India), will compete with the LG G Watch and Samsung Gear Live in India. The LG G Watch is priced at Rs 14,999, while the Gear Live carries a price tag of Rs 15,900 in India.
Motorola's new smartwatch is compatible with most devices running Android 4.3 or above. It has a 1.5-inch display (320x290 pixels), built-in heart rate monitor, and pedometer. The Moto 360 is waterproof up to 3.3 feet for up to 30 minutes, claims Motorola.
The Moto 360 supports wireless charging amd Motorola says the smartwatch can run a day on a single charge.
With just a twist of the wrist you can see who's emailing or calling, what time your next meeting is or a friend's latest social post.
Moto 360 also responds to your voice. Just say "Ok Google" to ask questions what time your flight leaves, or to get stuff done like scheduling an appointment, sending a text, setting an alarm or taking a note.
3297

ISRO to launch IRNSS 1C on October 10Oct 03, 2014 at 11:50am IST
ISRO to launch IRNSS 1C on October 10
14
0
Chennai: ISRO will launch the third of seven series of satellites to put in place India's own navigation system on par with US' Global Positioning System (GPS) from the spaceport of Sriharikota on October 10.
The launch has been scheduled at 1:56 AM on October 10, ISRO said on Friday.
The IRNSS 1C satellite would be launched on the 28th flight of India's PSLV-C26 from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre at Sriharikota, some 100 km from here.
The launch has been scheduled at 1:56 AM on October 10, ISRO said on Friday.
#isro #satellite #irnss 1c
As part of its aspirations to build a regional navigational system equivalent to Global Positioning System of the US, ISRO plans to send seven satellites to put in place the Indian Regional Navigational Satellite System (IRNSS).
The first two satellites in the series, IRNSS 1A and IRNSS 1B were launched from Sriharikota on July 1 2013 and April 4 this year respectively.
ISRO needs to launch at least four of the seven satellites to start operations of the IRNSS, ISRO officials said.
Being developed by India, IRNSS is designed to provide accurate position information service to users in the country as well as the region extending upto 1,500 km from its boundary, which is its primary service area.
IRNSS' applications include terrestrial and marine navigation, disaster management, vehicle tracking and fleet management.
IRNSS is similar to US' Global Positioning System, Russia's Glonass and Europe's Galileo. China and Japan also have similar systems, 'Beidou' and 'Quasi Zenith', ISRO officials said.
1

Two days after model Archana Pandey hung herself  police arrest formerboyfriendArchana Pandey, 26, had allegedly committed suicide at her residence here and her body was found Monday.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:07 pm
Model Archana Pandey’s former boyfriend Omar Asif Pathan was arrested two days after she was found hanging at her Versova home in Mumbai, police said Friday.
Archana Pandey, 26, had allegedly committed suicide at her residence here and her body was found Monday.
In a suicide note, she had named Pathan as the person responsible for her death, alleging that he had physically exploited her and left her for another woman.
“Her boyfriend is in the police custody now. He was arrested Wednesday…,” a police official told IANS.
It is alleged that the two were in a live-in relationship for three to four years and had broken up few months ago.
On Monday, some neighbours complained of foul smell emanating from Pandey’s flat and called police who found her body.

In Her original home  Assamese women weave folk songs for DeviDurgaPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:07 pm
Though Durga puja has over the decades emerged as a trademark of Bengal, in her “original home” in Kamarupa – modern-day Assam, women have not only identified themselves as Her reincarnations, but have also composed and sung folk songs for centuries eulogizing the power of the mother goddess.
Thus, as Durga puja entered the third day on Thursday, pandals and temples across the state have been reverberating with durga-naam and gosani-naam – ‘naam’ for religious hymns and prayer-songs – orally composed songs that describe the power of the goddess for each day. And in this, there is simply no difference between rural women and their urban counterparts.
“Singing naam for the mother goddess must be as old as Assamese folk literature, if not dating back to the early period of devi worship in ancient Assam. But what is most important is that the participation of Assamese womenfolk in durga puja by way of singing naam throughout the celebrations is unique. This tradition probably makes durga worship in Assam totally different from the celebrations in Bengal,” says noted Guwahati-based author, classical singer and music critic Mitra Phukan.
While some modern-day women especially in urban areas do take the help of books of naam, most of them however sing them by-heart. “The very tradition of oral singing in Assam, be it on religious occasions or in festivals, is so strong that most women can easily compose a stanza extempore, keeping in view the immediate environ,” adds Phukan.
No doubt “Namanjali”, the first and finest anthology of ‘naam’ done by Annada Devi Barkataki way back in the 1950s, has hymns for every phase of Durga puja, right from the nava-patrika or invocation on sashthi (the first day when worship begins) to the moment when the idols are immersed in a river after five days or worship. In recent times, at least a dozen such ‘naam’ collections have been published, while CDs of durga-naam are best-sellers in the music market in Assam around this time.
“While the mother goddess is worshipped in various forms in Assam since time immemorial, her durga form stands out in terms of popular participation simply because it symbolizes the victory of good over evil, and that too led by durga, who symbolizes the power of women,” says Tapati Baruah Kashyap, whose ‘Female Voice in Assamese Poetry’ is a pioneering research work that traces Assamese women’s poetry in various forms – hymns, ritual songs, lullabies, children’s play-songs, wedding-songs, work-songs and ballads – back into the 16th century.
Most importantly, Assam also happens to the original place of shakti – mother goddess – worship in the subcontinent. “That singing hymns by women has been a very old tradition in Assam is mentioned in accounts of Hiuen Tsang, the famous Chinese traveler who visited Kamarupa way back in the seventh century. The tenth century kalika purana, said to have been written in Guwahati, too has reference to women singing songs in eight different melodies during Devi worship,” adds Kashyap.
No doubt noted historian HK Barpujari, in his five-volume ‘Comprehensive continued…

Cong  Left slam Modi govt over live telecast of Bhagwats speech onDDPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:01 pm | Updated: October 4, 2014 3:05 am
A controversy broke out on Monday over the live telecast by state broadcaster of RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat’s address at Nagpur with Congress and Left parties slamming the “misuse” of Doordarshan, but BJP defended it.
Congress spokesman Sandeep Dikshit termed the hour-long telecast as a “dangerous tradition”, saying RSS is a controversial religious and political organisation.
“It is a dangerous tradition. This is not an organisation which is completely neutral. It is a controversial organisation,” he said, adding it is a political decision of the government. Congress leader Rashid Alvi said, “this naked state majoritarianism must be resisted.”
Former Union Minister Salman Khurshid said, “we do not accept the record of RSS as being above board in terms of our national aspirations”.
Condemning the live broadcast, CPI(M) said, “The RSS used the occasion propagate its Hindutva ideology. The national public broadcaster has no business to telecast live the speech of the Chief of an organisation like the RSS.”
The CPI also condemned the live telecast. The party’s National Secretary D Raja said that the government, particularly the Information and Broadcasting Ministry, should give an explanation to the people for allowing DD to be the mouthpiece for the RSS.
He said it was “a disquieting and distressing trend that the country’s secular and democratic values were undermined by the government action”.
Historian and commentator Ramchandra Guha said this “naked state majoritarianism” must be resisted.
“This (showing it live) is a dangerous misuse of the state machinery. The RSS is a sectarian Hindu body. Next, imams in mosques and priests in churches may ask that DD covers their speeches live,” he said in his tweets.
Defending the telecast, BJP’s Shaina N C said the RSS is only a nationalist organisation which believes in ‘India first’ and the country above the interest of any individual.
“I am glad that this speech has been highlighted and people realise that if there is one cadre in the country today that has genuinely contributed to patriotism and nation-building, it is the RSS,” she said.

Former Google exec Nikesh Arora leads Softbank invasion ofHollywoodAs CEO of SoftBank Internet and Media, Nikesh Arora is charged with investing in and operating media and digital media companies. (Reuters)
Reuters | Los Angeles | Posted: October 3, 2014 12:56 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 6:50 pm
Softbank Corp’s investment in a Hollywood movie studio represents the coming out party for two new players in the U.S. entertainment industry — the Japanese telecommunications company and Nikesh Arora, the former Google Inc executive running a new media and internet company.
Two months after unexpectedly decamping from Google for SoftBank, Arora struck a $250 million deal for a minority stake in Legendary Entertainment, announced on Thursday. Earlier, he had tried unsuccessfully to strike a partnership with DreamWorks Animation, sources said.
As CEO of San Carlos, California-based SoftBank Internet and Media Inc, Arora is charged with investing in and operating media and digital media companies, including music, e-commerce and gaming, said one person close to Softbank. Softbank, owned by legendary investor Masayoshi Son, owns U.S. mobile carrier Sprint and is the largest investor in China e-commerce company Alibaba.
FROM OUR ARCHIVES: 2011 Idea Exchange with Nikesh
At Google, Arora oversaw sales, marketing and partnerships, an outsider’s job at a company, where engineering skills are prized above all else.
The buttoned-down and polished Arora, who has a masters degree in business from Northeastern University and previously worked at T-Mobile Europe, became one of the most powerful Google executives, and the highest paid in 2012, when he made $51 million in cash and stock.
Several former colleagues described Arora as very effective at getting results, often by eschewing the collaborative, consensus-based culture within Google.
“He didn’t really try hard to convince people that he didn’t need to convince,” recalled one former Google executive, who declined to be identified. “He would be willing to say ‘we need to do this, get it done.’ He valued execution.”
He also had a reputation for being brutally direct, particularly with people he viewed as unprepared, the former colleagues said.
A representative for Arora declined to make him available for an interview or to respond to comments about him. Google also declined to comment.
The Google business chief rubbed shoulders with Hollywood’s elite while selling ads and making deals.
Arora is “perfectly placed” to build Softbank’s media portfolio, said Sir Martin Sorrell, the chief executive of advertising group WPP, citing Arora’s “knowledge gleaned from his years at Google about the media community.”
Arora advocated for Google to acquire online movie company Netflix in 2009, according to one former Google employee who was present when Arora pitched the idea to Google’s senior executive team. At the time, Netflix had a market cap of roughly $3 billion, compared to its current $27 billion valuation.
Arora also proposed at the time that Google should acquire LoveFilm, a UK-based streaming video company that was later acquired by Amazon in 2011, the person said.
But the ideas never progressed beyond internal continued…

Sports fraternity congratulates India on performance at Asian Games  expects betThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Government flayed for RSS speech on DoordarshanThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Fitch: Banks need $200 bn capital in the next 5 yearsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Maha to see parties fight alone after 25 yearsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Microsoft bets big on tabletsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Corporate Affairs Ministry says simplifying procedures under new companies lawThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Plz....give me advise anyone..cen i buy morepen lab  dr. datson  if ...Reposted about 38 days 22 hrs 42 min ago by Xpert Opinion09 and 1 others
It is a surprise that the stock has not gone for UC even now!
Hi lights of the AGM.  1. They struck a multi-year tieup with Vodafone for messaging.
2.They covered PM Modi`s at Independence day celebration.
3. Out of the 50 acres land they own at Financial Distristict Hyderabad area,
they r developing the site thro` Aparna consgructions for residential/office
plots.
Soon they will announce the commissioning of payments system with some American co. Besides many other projects they r going to undertake.

Buy 1396 1372 1423 1457 1507Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

What do you mean  sir the targets are clear and the trade is to be do...Platinum Member
47 Followers
BlackBlades...retail is around ~16% (Upto 1 Lakh) out of which the faint hearted and low volume one`s would be a pittance. I don`t think that would impact the price in such a way. Funny part of the group is, these guys are the ones who would be expecting it to go on UC forever and will never sell the moment it goes up. It is the same group which would lick wounds when it goes down even 50% from their avg price and still wouldn`t sell thinking the share would up in next quarter.
I only see panic buying by our fellow boarders...retail selling by fellow boarders is negligible....
BTW Navratra / Vijayadashmi wishes to all...with the blessings of God of knowledge guide us to get God of prosperity & God of health to settle down in homes permanently...

Rupee Hits 7-Month Low against Dollar: Should You WorryDollar Hits Seven-Year High vs Yen Ahead of Fed Minutes
The Indian rupee fell 2.1 per cent in September 2014 in its worst monthly decline since an 8.8 per cent plunge in August 2013. Though the rupee is still up 11.5 per cent since its record low of 68.85 per dollar in August 2013, the recent weakness has led to doubts about the future trajectory of the currency. On Wednesday, the rupee slipped to a seven-month low of 61.95 against the dollar. ( Read the full story )
Here are 10 things to know about the current rupee weakness:
1) The rupee is not the only currency showing weakness against the dollar. Other international currencies such as the euro and yen are also struggling. The yen is trading at a six-year low against the dollar, while the euro is at a two-year low.
2) Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan on Tuesday denied speculation that it was selling dollars to support the rupee. "In recent weeks, what has been happening is the dollar has been appreciating against other currencies, therefore when we look at our reserves in dollar terms, they have been coming down," he said. ( Watch )
3) Unlike August 2013, the current weakness in the rupee is not because of domestic factors. The rupee is down because of sustained dollar strength. The greenback has gained more than 7 per cent against a basket of major currencies over the past three months.
4) The dollar is rising because of improving economic data in the US. GDP growth in the US jumped to 4.6 per cent (versus a contraction of 2.1 per cent in Q1) year-on-year in the June quarter. New home sales are up, consumer confidence is high and manufacturing and services sectors indicate a recovery in the world's largest economy.
5) Improving economic situation in the US has led to concerns that the Federal Reserve will start raising interest rates soon. According to Fitch, the US central bank will complete the 'tapering' of its asset purchase programme in October and the first increase in the Fed's short-term policy interest rate should be expected in mid-2015.
6) Dr Rajan says rising rates in the US will constraint the RBI's elbow room as India is highly integrated with global capital market. Higher rates in the US will narrow rate differential (with India) and may result in a reversal of portfolio flows creating pressure on the rupee.
7) The rate differential will further narrow if the RBI cuts interest rate to boost domestic growth. However, the central bank says it will cut rates only if inflation subsides to 6 per cent by 2016. Economists expect a rate cut in fiscal year 2015-16 now.
8) The RBI can remove sharp fluctuations in the rupee by broadening the currency market and by allowing different kind of players, currency expert Jamal Mecklai told NDTV. India's currency market is closed for foreign investors, which limits liquidity. Only bankers, importers and exporters can trade in currency market through currency dealers.
9) However, analysts are confident that the rupee will not break the 58-62 range in the medium term. According to Jyotivardhan Jaipuria of Bank of America Merrill Lynch, a sharp reduction in current account deficit, higher import cover and increased foreign direct investment (FDI) will support the currency.
10) India's current account deficit is seen at 1.7 per cent of GDP in FY15 (from a peak of 5 per cent in FY13), while the import cover has improved to 8.5 months. Reform measures by the Modi government should lead to higher FDI in India, Mr Jaipuria added.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Private Businesses Boosted Hiring in September
6 Easy Ways To Get More Battery Life With iOS 8reddit
By now, you're probably familiar with the new bells and whistles of iOS8 . But all those new features also come with new ways to accidentally drain your iPhone's battery life -- a horror too many people too often face.
So what should you do to make sure your iPhone doesn't die on you? We've gone through and figured out exactly which new adjustments you need to make.
1. Pay Attention To What's Draining Your Battery Life
Apple may not have created an invincible battery for its new iPhone, but it did finally include a way to easily monitor the battery life. With iOS 8, you can now see a detailed breakdown of which apps are using the most of the phone's power. Go to Settings > General > Usage > Battery Usage. There, you can find what applications have been consuming your battery over the last 24 hours or week. Now when you're stuck at a bar at 4 percent, you'll know exactly which apps to blame.
2. Adjust Location Services
More apps are now tracking your location -- well known as one of the phone's biggest battery drainers. To make sure you are only enabling location services when totally necessary, go to Settings > Privacy > Location Services. Previously, you could only turn this feature on or off for apps. But now, some apps have a "While Using" option. The choice is perfect for Facebook, for example, because it will let you see nearby friends and post by location when you have the app open, but won't let the social network send you push notifications about nearby friends when you don't.
3. Limit Share My Location
The new Share My Location option allows you to share your current location with contacts through Messages. It's a great feature for trying to meet up with people, but it's also a huge battery drainer since it constantly needs to update. You can turn it off by going to Settings > Privacy > Location Services > Share My Location. To conserve battery, just go back there and turn it on whenever you need it.
4. Disable Handoff
Handoff promotes continuity between your Apple devices. When enabled, you can move seamlessly between your iPhone and iPad while writing a single email, like in the video below. It's a cool feature, but if you're not planning and switching back and forth much, you probably want to turn it off. Go to Settings > General > Handoff & Suggested Apps.
5. Turn Off Suggested Apps And Push Notifications
On the same screen as Handoff, you'll see Suggested Apps, which, well, suggests apps based on your location. The feature can make for some unnecessary push notifications, and push notifications are another well-known battery drainer .
And while we're on the subject of push notifications, you can limit what other apps use them by going to Settings > Notifications. Scroll all the way through. You'll be amazed how many apps you're letting interrupt your life. Do you really need reminders from Netflix? No.
6. Modify Spotlight Search
Spotlight -- that handy search function that appears when you swipe down -- now draws its search results from more sources around the web and in your phone. But if you don’t need that in-depth of a search engine, you can modify it.
Go to Settings > General > Spotlight Search and deselect sources you don’t want to have included in your searches. It's a quick battery save and provides less overwhelming results.
Also on The Huffington Post
Close
Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
of

JBL E40BT Headphones: Designed to keep you connected  not tied downE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Easy ways to look fashionable this NavratriEasy Ways to Look Fashionable This Navratri
Bollywoodshaadis.com –  Thu 25 Sep, 2014 4:45 PM IST
Share 0
Apart from the religious significance, the nine days of Navratri are filled with delicious vrat (fast) food, irresistible dance moves, festive fashion, and unending fun. It is an opportunity to be at your stylish best in a traditional way, as you make your way to the dandiya nights or puja pandal. But to do that, you need to upgrade your wardrobe with some party essentials that are high-on-the-trend meter this season.
Here are some tips and tricks for you to style yourself gracefully in this festive season:
Look vibrant!
Just because it is a traditional dandiya night, does not mean that you have to be in a predictable chaniya-choli. It is always nice to go a little further and put your own personal style into making your outfit slightly edgy. Experiment with a lehenga saree that is ready-to-wear, and will stay neat all through the night. It is a good idea to adorn bright colours during the festive season. But, take a break from the usual green or red, and embrace neon pink and fluorescent orange like Bollywood actresses to look different!
If you do not want to shell out extra money shopping specially for navratri, then try these  Best Tricks to Give Your Old Indian Wear a New Look
Add a little metal waist belt to accentuate your belly. Play with your favourite colours, and go for unconventional silhouettes, like dhoti pants or angrakhas. If you love the idea of fusing Indian and Western elements, then wear an embellished skirt with a plain shirt.
Must Read:  5 Stylish Choli Design Ideas for a Bride-to-be
A little sparkle
It is usually colourful beads, mirror work embroidery, or shells that decorate the traditional lehenga and choli. While mirror work is really popular these days, what is also a great option is gota patti work in silver or gold. Pearls, Swarovski, and coloured stones also look really pretty. Various dyeing effects like bandhni, lahariya, and tie-dye look very chic when used in a dupatta, skirt, or choli.
Also Read:  Exciting Ways to Style a White Bridal Lehenga for Your Wedding
Beauty baubles
Combining the right accessories with your outfit is sure to bring you under the spotlight. Find a companion in long earrings, stack of colourful bangles, and a contrasting potli bag, to keep your essentials. Even maang tikkas, kamarband and payal can be worn to add an unconventional twist. If your outfit is really plain and simple, you can wear a long chunky necklace to quickly glam up your look in one go.
Don't Miss:  Tips to Don Chunky Neckpieces in Style
Best face forward
Use waterproof makeup and keep the base light because you might sweat a lot while dancing. Play up your eyes with a smokey makeup, but keep the lips simple in a pale pink or peach colour. A good hairstyle plays an important role here, so make sure you don't leave your hair open. Go in for a fish-tail braid, vintage curls, or a bun with a pouf. If you are really experimental, then you can even change your hair colour to red or have an ombre effect to be fun and different.
Look flawless with the  Best Makeup Tips for Your Face Shape
Fashion for men
Men’s fashion is not simple or predictable anymore as well. A traditional kediyu (traditional Gujarati outfit), or a simple kurta pyjama is not enough. First, pick the latest colours from the international palette like deep blues, purples or reds. Invest in a good waist-jacket to be worn over a kurta pyjama to make it look classy and formal. Wear a dhoti, pathani salwar, or jodhpuri pants with a coat keeping the traditional flavour intact. A matching or contrasting scarf or safa is a must. If you are going with your beloved, you can coordinate your look in terms of colour, or choose a similar element of embroidery for both your outfits. But don't go overboard and make sure it is not matched too much.
Fun additions
This one goes out for both the genders, a temporary tattoo in the form of a God, or a mantra would add a trendy yet traditional touch to the festive season. Girls can even go for nail art with glitter, which will keep things vibrant for a simple and fun looks.
Well, decorate your home, throw exciting parties, dance all night all through this festive season. But, while staying in the festive frenzy, do make sure that you turn heads every time you dress up for an outing!
You may also like:

Photos: Hong Kong protesters defy tear gas  pepper sprayEYE BROWSE
Hong Kong protests
Tens of thousands of protesters, mostly students, have taken to the streets over the last five days to demand greater democracy in Hong Kong.
The protests are the worst in Hong Kong since China resumed its rule in 1997. They also represent one of the biggest political tests for Beijing since it violently crushed pro-democracy protests in Tiananmen Square in 1989.
Protesters warned Wednesday they will step up their actions if the territory's top official doesn't resign by Thursday, possibly occupying several important government buildings.
China's Communist Party has warned Hong Kong protesters of 'unimaginable consequences' if they continue with their pro-democracy demonstrations. (Agencies)
Gallery View:Hong Kong protests
 Photo by TYRONE SIU/REUTERS Wed 1 Oct, 2014
Latest News Galleries
Prev Next
Buses covered with messages of support stop at a main street at Mongkok shopping district after thousands of protesters blocked the road in Hong Kong October 1, 2014. Thousands of pro-democracy protesters thronged the streets of Hong Kong on Wednesday, ratcheting up pressure on the pro-Beijing government that has called the action illegal, with both sides marking uneasy National Day celebrations. (REUTERS/Tyrone Siu)
Buses covered with messages of support stop at a main street at Mongkok shopping district after thousands of protesters blocked the road in Hong Kong October 1, 2014. Thousands of pro-democracy protesters thronged the streets of Hong Kong on Wednesday, ratcheting up pressure on the pro-Beijing government that has called the action illegal, with both sides marking uneasy National Day celebrations. (REUTERS/Tyrone Siu)

Gold steadies as dollar  equities fall but outlook bleakGold steadies as dollar, equities fall but outlook bleak
By Reuters | 2 Oct, 2014, 09.37PM IST
Gold steadied around $1,210 an ounce as dollar and equities fell, but expectations of further gains in the US currency kept demand for the metal sluggish.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Gold steadied around $1,210 an ounce on Thursday as the dollar and equities fell, but expectations of further gains in the US currency kept demand for the metal sluggish.
Spot gold was down 0.1 per cent at $1,211.96 an ounce by 1415 GMT, while US gold futures lost $2.80 to trade at $1,212.90 an ounce. Cash prices had touched a nine-month low of $1,204.40 an ounce on Tuesday.
"There is just very low demand for gold in general ... and although (the dollar rally has paused) and there is still some room before prices fall through the $1,200 level, in the long run I don't see any indicator suggesting a possible upside," Natixis analyst Bernard Dahdah said.
The dollar fell against the euro as European Central Bank President Mario Draghi gave no hints of an imminent sovereign bond buying programme in a news conference.
The dollar index has notched up a record-breaking 11 straight weeks of gains and posted the biggest quarterly rise in six years in the third quarter.
The strength in the dollar has weighed heavily on precious metals in recent weeks, and although the dollar rally paused on Thursday, the currency was not too far from a four-year peak.
The next market focus will be the release of US September non-farm payrolls data on Friday.
"The US data has a profound impact on the dollar, which in turn is driving gold at this time, so once again the market will be impacted by what the figures will be showing us at the end of this week," Sharps Pixley CEO Ross Norman said.
Gold's steadiness was helped by lower equity markets.
"With the likelihood of further weakness in equity markets, coupled with the still volatile situation in Hong Kong, we would rather not want to be short gold here, as we think the precious metal may benefit from some short-covering heading into the weekend," INTL FCStone said in a note.
Political tensions in Hong Kong have led to some investment demand for the metal over the past week, but that was offset by slow retail sales of gold during China's one-week National Day holiday that began on Wednesday, bullion dealers said.
Tens of thousands of mostly young people have protested for nearly a week in Hong Kong, demanding China introduce full democracy so the city can freely choose its own leader.
Holdings in the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund SPDR Gold Trust fell 1.2 tonnes to 768.66 tonnes on Wednesday, the lowest level since December 2008.
In other precious metals, silver was down 0.6 per cent at $17.03 an ounce after earlier touching its lowest level since March 2010 at $16.91.
Platinum was down 0.6 per cent at $1,266.50 an ounce after falling to a five-year low in the previous session, and palladium fell 0.3 per cent to $770.97 an ounce.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

FII flows hit 7-month low on US Federal Reserve rate hike jittersBSE
(FIIs have invested about…)
MUMBAI: The possibility of a rate increase by the US Federal Reserve is casting its shadow on the Indian equities market , with foreign inflows hitting a sevenmonth low on fears of capital outflow from emerging markets, including India. Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) have invested about $845 million in September, which is the lowest monthly flow since February this year, when they pumped in $228 million.
Foreign investors have been investing less here: in the past two months, average inflows were about $865 million, which is about one-third of its five-month (March-July) average flows of $2.3 billion. Foreign inflows so far this year has been $13.85 billion, the highest in the emerging market basket.
"Investors are getting a bit worried about the monetary tightening by the US Federal Reserve.
People are anticipating more volatile markets, and here India cannot do anything about it," said Jim O Neill , former chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management in a recent interview to ET.
The BSE Sensex also snapped its seven-month winning streak, as the index lost 0.1% in September, ending its longest run of monthly gains since January 2007. The index, which scaled to a record high of 27,354 points on September 8, has corrected 787 points, or 2.9%, from its highs in less than a month, which reflects its nervousness, say analysts.
"The government's decision to defer gas price hike and Supreme Court's verdict on cancellation of coal blocks gave FIIs reason to sell some stocks," said Gautam Chhaochharia, head of India research at UBS Securities. Meanwhile, the BSE Sensex has risen 26% this year, again the most among top-10 global markets.
India's outperformance has also sparked concerns that its valuations might be somewhat stretched, given that the actual recovery in the economy and corporate earnings are still some time away. The index is trading at 16.5 times to its one-year forward estimated earnings, while China's Shanghai Composite Index's is trading at 9.9 times, Brazil's Ibovespa Index is trading at 11.8 times, and Russia's MICEX is at 5.1 times.
The US economic growth outlook continues to remain positive and it's a matter of time before the US Federal Reserve raises rates, but fund managers say that India is unlikely to see serious implications from this.
"India is now better prepared to face a possible interest rate hike by the US Federal Reserve, compared to the tapering of quantitative easing last year. I would like to say India should continue to focus on reforms and growth, and not get worried by what's happening in the US or elsewhere," said Jim O Neill, former chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management.
The market reaction to a possible interest rate hike by the Fed is likely to be more calibrated this time rather than a knee-jerk one, as seen in May last year when the US central bank had announced tapering of quantitative easing.
Hence, any fall should be used as a buying opportunity as markets have always rebound from such events. "The sell-off by foreign investors in recent days in not a cause for concern as foreign flows so far this year have been a one-way street. There's nervousness among market participants with the US Federal Reserve preparing for an interest rate hike, but the S&P upgrade could not have come at a better time. India is now relatively better positioned to attract flows compared to other emerging markets," said Abhay Laijawala, managing director and head of research at Deutsche Equities India.
The slowdown of FII inflows and dollar's continued rise over emerging market currencies on bets for an early hike in US interest rates have also hurt the Indian rupee as it fell 2.1% in September, the most since August last year, when the currency fell 8.8%.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Main Street plans to boost wages and raise prices  a new survey shows.
How Hezbollah helps (and what it gets out of it)Comments
By Melani Cammett October 2
File: Supporters of Lebanon’s Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah wave Hezbollah flags as they listen to him via a screen, Aug. 16, 2013. (REUTERS/Ali Hashisho)
Hezbollah, the Lebanese Shiite Muslim political party cum social movement and militia, famously provides its constituents a wide array of social services. As my new book “ Compassionate Communalism ” suggests, the truism that Islamists buy support through the provision of social services depends heavily on context and should be qualified by acknowledging the multiple, simultaneous motivations for delivering and receiving social benefits. Why did Hezbollah, like other religious and sectarian movements, sometimes reach out to broad constituencies and at other times focus its efforts on its hard-core base? Why does Hezbollah offer social services at all? What does it really get for its efforts?
Hezbollah’s social service provision is rooted in the nature of Lebanon’s state and society. In Lebanon, sectarian differences are sharply politicized and institutionalized, and virtually all political players (as well as religious groups and secular NGOs) offer social welfare in one form or another. The Lebanese state is notoriously weak with respect to social provision and religious and sectarian organizations have long played a vital role in the health, education and social assistance. Competition between sectarian groups typically shapes the extent and intensity of welfare provision. More than electoral politics is at stake. Some sectarian organizations aim to build “street power” and engage in militia politics, and not just to win votes – which shapes their distinctive strategies of allocating social welfare.
Hezbollah in its early years primarily opted for an extra-state political strategy in which it works outside formal state institutions and challenges state authority, in part by maintaining an armed militia. It has disproportionately funneled benefits to its most committed supporters, who tend to be in-group members, rather than toward a larger mass of existing and potential voters. Beginning in the mid-2000s, however, Hezbollah increasingly worked through state channels by seeking executive and legislative positions. The electoral imperative and the need to convince a broader public of its “good governance” credentials compelled it to distribute at least limited baskets of social goods to a broader array of citizens. By the early 2000s, what’s more, Hezbollah became the dominant actor in an alliance with its one-time Shiite rival, the Amal Movement.
However, the organization’s decision to send fighters to Syria has once again placed heavy emphasis on its militia activities. Reports indicating that Hezbollah favors its hard core supporters with renewed vigor, especially the families of militia fighters, are consistent with this political shift. Mounting dissatisfaction with Hezbollah in Lebanon, including from in-group members, as a result of its ongoing and intensified participation in the Syrian conflict may be weakening its dominant position within the Shiite community. The narrowed distributional pattern reflects Hezbollah’s shifting political strategy but may also exacerbate a decline in popularity by bolstering the perception that it caters to a small core group of supporters.
The provision of social welfare by Hezbollah and other Islamists is not merely founded on a material exchange of services for support. A variety of non-political motivations coexist with more overtly political goals in shaping Islamist welfare activities. A long tradition of charitable work as well as an enduring history of non-state welfare provision in Lebanon have compelled Hezbollah and other Lebanese sectarian and Islamist groups to offer social goods as part of their organizational mission. Visions of social justice undoubtedly also motivate these organizations to provide social assistance. Hezbollah may distribute or facilitate access to social services to fulfill altruistic commitments, present itself as the protector and guarantor of well-being, gain supporters or consolidate control over territory and people. In short, specific political goals as well as charitable motivations likely underlie the provision of social services by Hezbollah and other groups in Lebanon.
“Buying support” through service provision is not necessarily an economic or material transaction, nor does it always occur through direct exchanges. As in-depth interviews with citizens in Lebanon reveal, the receipt of services directly or by family members or neighbors may compel some citizens to vote for the political party associated with the provider or to participate in demonstrations organized by the party. Even for these informants and other citizens, however, service provision is usually more than an instrumental exchange. Welfare engenders a sense of belonging to a community, which has enormous psychological benefits, particularly in the context of underdeveloped and unstable national state institutions. The provider organization establishes itself as a source of social protection or a guardian of the community, however defined, which may garner popular allegiances. “Bricks-and-mortar” welfare programs, which operate from fixed physical locations in specific neighborhoods and villages, are particularly effective in establishing the provider as a community guardian because they signal a long-term commitment to a geographical space and its inhabitants. The provision of social services from bricks-and-mortar agencies as well as long-term relationships of social provision are distinct from cash payments or one-shot food distribution efforts, which predominate during electoral contests.
Welfare programs may also inspire support by individuals and families who have not received services themselves but who have observed or heard about the actions of providers in their communities and beyond. Service provision projects an image of organizational capacity and efficiency as well as a commitment to protect, which may garner the admiration or respect of observers and not just the direct beneficiaries. This is especially valuable for a political organization that aims to build a reputation as a reliable and capable actor – one that is qualified to govern. The importance of building a strong reputation cannot be overstated, particularly because it enables Islamists to cultivate a much broader range of supporters, potentially even among non-supporters or those who are ideologically distant .
The provision of social services is not the sole means that Hezbollah uses to mobilize support, but it plays an important role, particularly in a national context in which alternative sources of social protection are underdeveloped or absent. So does it work? Hezbollah and other sectarian parties in Lebanon clearly calculate that welfare activities engender political support, even if this is not their sole motivation for distributing social goods. Thus far, my own research on the impact of services on the recipients (the demand side) has been far less systematic than my work on the politics of provision (the supply side). However, extensive qualitative interviews with recipients and non-recipients of social services from Hezbollah and other groups, as well as circumstantial evidence from electoral returns, indicate that social welfare has political payoffs. Furthermore, Lebanese citizens have come to expect that officials and political parties distribute social benefits on a discretionary basis. Survey data indicate that voters themselves prioritize the provision of social services by their elected representatives in their voting calculus. In 2001, a national poll asked citizens who voted in the 2000 national elections to list the two most important factors shaping their vote choices. Over 50 percent of the respondents listed the social service activities of the candidate as one of the two most important reasons for their vote.
For Hezbollah, which has largely prioritized non-electoral political mobilization, appropriate data for assessing the political effects of welfare distribution are not readily available. Extra-state political strategies entail forms of political engagement that are inherently difficult to measure, such as participation in demonstrations and riots and service in a militia, and therefore electoral data are less illuminating. That said, a look at electoral returns from the 2005 elections yields some suggestive insights given that Hezbollah stepped up its participation in mainstream, electoral politics and increasingly sought executive offices at this time. In the Lebanese context, shifts in the degree to which sectarian parties attract support from out-group members is an indirect indicator of the political efficacy of welfare outreach for parties that participate in elections. Although data on sectarian trends in voting patterns are difficult to obtain given their political sensitivity, local analysts have generated data on party vote share by sect for the 2005 and 2009 national elections. Thus, it is useful to examine the degree to which parties, including Hezbollah, garnered out-group support in these elections, with the rather large caveats that the assassination of Prime Minister Rafik al-Hariri and mounting regional Sunni-Shiite tensions undoubtedly shaped voter behavior. The attendant fear-mongering and intergroup conflict muted the effects of clientelism on electoral trends in recent electoral cycles.
The turnout rates for the 2005 and 2009 elections provide some insights into the political effects of welfare outreach, although the linkages between social provision and electoral behavior are tenuous for the aforementioned reasons. A comparison of the returns of the two elections indicates that Hezbollah increased its share of Christian support substantially in all districts where the party fielded candidates. This is probably due to the alliance between Hezbollah and Michel Aoun’s predominantly Christian Free Patriotic Movement (FPM) beginning in 2006. Many Christian FPM supporters undoubtedly voted for Hezbollah to express their endorsement of Aoun’s decision to ally with the Shiite party; however, the receipt of social benefits from Hezbollah, which placed more emphasis on a state-centric political strategy after 2005, may have reinforced this trend. In particular, in the aftermath of the 2006 war and the alliance with the FPM, Hezbollah embarked on an extensive effort to distribute social assistance to Christian families affected by the conflict. (At the same time, in the context of rising regional and domestic tensions, Hezbollah lost Sunni vote share.) The observable trends are consistent with the claim that state-centric political strategies garnered support from out-group voters for Hezbollah, particularly across Muslim-Christian lines, although other explanations cannot be ruled out.
Anecdotal evidence (and, for the education sector, test score results) indicates that Hezbollah is indeed an effective supplier of social services, as are other Islamist groups. I suspect this is due primarily to features of organizational culture, such as internal discipline and hierarchical structure, rather than to the faith component of their missions per se. Some studies of faith-based contend that religious organizations tend to attract personnel who are committed to their missions on spiritual grounds, making them willing to put in long hours, often for relatively minimal compensation. High levels of motivation among staff members therefore enable faith-based organizations to offer comparatively high quality services at low cost. Although Koranic injunctions to serve the community and engage in charitable works undoubtedly serve as a key motivation for many staff members of Islamist welfare agencies, the alleged Islamist governance advantage likely has less to do with religious commitments. Many religious institutions from Muslim and other faith traditions operate social service programs in the Middle East, yet do not all appear to offer services of equal caliber. Arguably, staff members at non-Islamist institutions are no less committed to religious principles than Islamists, yet do not have reputations for providing high-quality services. Furthermore, Hezbollah offers noticeably higher quality services on multiple dimensions than most other non-profit health networks, even when compared with co-religionist organizations.
Specific features of Hezbollah’s organizational culture are amenable to the provision of high-quality social services. In particular, its coherence and hierarchical structure facilitate the dissemination and standardization of practices and protocols as well as procedures for staff training and management. Of course, not all Islamists in the same countries or across different countries are likely to exhibit the same levels of organizational coherence and hierarchical structure. To the extent that the organizational culture explanation is true, differences in these organizational characteristics may at least partly explain their variable success in designing and implementing social programs. This raises many additional questions related to the origins of an organizational culture favorable to high-quality service provision as well as potential selection effects compelling motivated and qualified staff to seek employment at effective Islamist welfare networks in the first place.
The question of why and how Islamists distribute social services has garnered increasing attention, particularly as outside observers try to understand the roots of their popularity. Although social science frameworks compel analysts to isolate monocausal explanations for the motivations for and effects of Islamist welfare activities, in reality multiple factors underlie their decisions to delivery services and the effects on citizens. Beyond the political ramifications of Islamist social service provision, it is imperative to understand more about how such groups organize and deliver services. With the decline of public welfare functions, citizens increasingly rely on an array of public, private, and non-state actors to meet their basic needs, and Islamists play an important role in this welfare mix in some contexts.
Melani Cammett is a professor of political science at Brown University, as well as a faculty fellow at the Watson Institute for International Studies and a faculty associate at the Population Studies and Training Center at Brown University. She is the author of “ Compassionate Communalism: Welfare and Sectarianism in Lebanon ” (Cornell University Press, 2014) and co-editor of “ The Politics of Non-state Social Welfare ” (Cornell University Press, 2014).

http://usat.ly/1uhqSuYTalk about tight credit: Even Bernanke rebuffed
Former Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke says even he was unable to refinance his mortgage recently.
Post to Facebook
Talk about tight credit: Even Bernanke rebuffed Former Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke says even he was unable to refinance his mortgage recently. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vBxGUF
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
4
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Talk about tight credit: Even Bernanke rebuffed
Paul Davidson , USA TODAY 6:17 p.m. EDT October 2, 2014
Even former Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke had trouble refinancing his mortgage.
(Photo: Michelle Siu, The Canadian Press, via AP)
300 CONNECT 52 TWEET 47 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Former Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke oversaw the mortgage market until early this year, but even he couldn't refinance his home loan.
At a conference in Chicago on Thursday, Bernanke told moderator Mark Zandi of Moody's Analytics, "I recently tried to refinance my mortgage and I was unsuccessful in doing so," according to Bloomberg News.
The audience chuckled, prompting Bernanke to say: "I'm not making that up."
He added, "I think it's entirely possible" that lenders "have gone a little bit too far on mortgage credit conditions,"  Bloomberg reported.
Bernanke was speaking at a conference of the National Investment Center for Seniors Housing and Care.
Since leaving the Fed chief in January, Bernanke has been a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and is now writing a book on the Fed and the Great Recession.
In an interview, Zandi said many qualified borrowers can't get mortgages if they don't have wage income. "I think the credit box is too tight," he said.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vBxGUF
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Maruti Suzuki to take on rivals with 12 new carsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Quartz Daily BriefEurope editionHong Kongs standoff  JPMorgans massive breach  US-Vietnam embargo lifted  hobbleOctober 3, 2014
What to watch for today
Stalemate and uncertainty in Hong Kong. Chief executive CY Leung refused pro-democracy protestors’ demands to step down and instead attempted to split the movement . Meanwhile, the city was forced to shut government offices until Monday because protesters barricaded the entrances .
The US plays whack-a-mole with the Islamic State. The  bombing campaign against IS  is forcing a change in tactics by the extremist group. In Iraq’s Anbar province, locals will face curfews on vehicle use  so it’s easier to spot extremist fighters trying to relocate.
The UK measures its all-important services sector. Markit/CIPS’s non-manufacturing purchasing managers’ index for September is expected to drop to 59  from 60.5, which would be the biggest fall of 2014. Britain’s services sector accounts for two-thirds of its GDP.
The US talks jobs, officially. Payroll firm ADP says 213,000 US jobs were created in September, but it’s the US labor department’s report  that’s being watched most closely. Will the jobless rate  stay low at 6.1% ?
While you were sleeping
Turkey approved the use of force against the Islamic State. The country’s military is cleared to fight in both Iraq and Syria against the extremist group , and allied nations will be able to conduct campaigns from Turkish soil. The Syrian town of Kobani—which sits on Turkey’s border—is on the verge of being captured by ISIL, spurring  an exodus of refugees .
JPMorgan’s data breach turned out to be absolutely enormous. A cyberattack exposed the personal information of 76 million households and 7 million businesses ; the bank previously said only one million were vulnerable. The hacker attack, now among the largest ever, gained access to names, addresses, phone numbers, and emails, putting customers at risk for further fraud attempts
China’s services lost some steam. The country’s non-manufacturing purchasing managers’ index dipped to 54.0 in September , from 54.4 in August, a slowing rate of growth in a sector that’s crucial for the transformation of the Chinese economy.
The US is partially lifting its arms embargo against Vietnam. Washington said the decision to sell some weapons to its former adversary is intended to “improve maritime security”—a thinly veiled reference to China’s maneuvers in the South China Sea.
The Dalai Lama confirmed talks with China. The exiled Tibetan Buddhist leader told the AFP that informal talks are taking place about him returning to Tibet . There have been several hints of warming ties; the Dalai Lama also had a good relationship with Chinese president Xi Jinping’s father.
Angry Birds got its wings clipped. Rovio CEO Mikael Hed published a note saying that the company has “been building our team on assumptions of faster growth than have materialized.” Translation: 130 people in Finland—16% of the team—will be laid off. Hed will be flying the coop  himself at year’s end.
Bob Iger couldn’t find the exit sign—again. After extending his stay as the CEO of Disney  once already , Iger has now decided he’ll be sticking around  until June, 2018.
Quartz obsession interlude
Lily Kuo on why Hong Kong’s protesters want chief executive CY Leung to go to hell: “Critics deride Leung as a puppet of Beijing … But as the son of a police officer who eventually built his fortune as a real-estate executive, earning him the nickname ‘emperor of the working class,’ he is also seen as a symbol of one of the elite members of Hong Kong’s increasingly unequal society.” Read more here.
Matters of debate
The biggest threat to the Islamic State isn’t bombs or drones. It’s  women being educated .
The Middle East is entering a warlord era. Nation-states are dissolving and millions are living under self-declared rulers .
Retirement is a pipe dream for the middle class. The global cost-cutting race means you’re going to work until you die .
Wall Street hates nice people. GoPro’s shares plummeted after the company’s founders donated $500 million to charity .
Surprising discoveries
A former US president refused to use White House light switches. He was afraid he’d be electrocuted .
Beer is a memory booster. A flavonoid found in hops  boosts mental performance —but only if you drink the equivalent of 2,000 liters a day
The human nose knows when death is near. Once your sense of smell starts to go, you’re three times more likely to die in the near future.
All those auto recalls really add up. One in six US vehicles—37 million in all— has an unfixed safety recall fault .  
Click here for  more surprising discoveries  on Quartz.
Our best wishes for a productive day. Please send any news, comments, and beer kegs to hi@qz.com . You can follow us on Twitter here for updates throughout the day.
Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief  here , tailored for morning delivery in Asia, Europe & Africa, and the Americas.
Share this:

Local cash-rich pharma companies take to deal st(Multinational firms have…)
Kiran Somvanshi
The export-oriented Indian pharmaceuticals sector has witnessed a flurry of mergers and acquisitions despite the general economic slowdown and high valuations.
Indian drugmakers of all sizes have become attractive targets for acquisition by larger companies interested in backward integration or diversification as they have been aggressively investing in building manufacturing facilities to cater to the growing demand of low-cost drugs in developed markets.
Multinational firms have been usually acquiring Indian drugmakers to expand in the country and leverage their manufacturing facilities in a bid to integrate vertically. US-based Mylan has made as many as eight acquisitions in India. Japanese drugmaker Daiichi Sankyo bought Ranbaxy Laboratories in 2008 while American manufacturer Abbott purchased the domestic formulations business of Piramal Healthcare in 2010.
Even as that trend continues, large Indian drug companies have also begun to aggressively acquire strategic local targets in a bid to expand inorganically. Although leading Indian companies have largely acquired strategic targets outside India, the overall growth charted by domestic companies, especially in the developed markets , has made them attractive to their large local peers. These peers are willing to pay higher valuations to increase their competitive edge.
Cadila Healthcare's purchase of Biochem Pharma in 2011, Torrent Pharma's acquisition of domestic formulations business of Elder Pharma and Ipca Labs' acquisition of 50% stake in Avik Pharma in 2013, Sun Pharma's buyout of its larger rival Ranbaxy Labs in April this year and now Shasun Pharma's merger with Strides Arcolabs amply reinforce the attractiveness of local targets for the ambitious and aggressive Indian drugmakers.
This trend is likely to continue as companies find synergies in business models and products and look at consolidating in order to compete better in the global market.Large cash-rich companies such as Lupin and Piramal Enterprises can look at strategic buyouts in the domestic space.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tesco investment was a huge mistake: Warren ...Tesco investment was a huge mistake, says Warren Buffett
Bloomberg Oct 3, 2014, 12.40PM IST
(Buffett has been cutting…)
LONDON: Billionaire investor Warren Buffett said his investment in Tesco was a "huge mistake," as the UK supermarket leader's share price remains close to an 11-year low amid declining sales and an accounting probe.
"I made a mistake on that one," Buffett, 84, said in an interview with CNBC on October 2. "That was a huge mistake by me." Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway has held Tesco shares since March 2006, when it acquired a stake for $328.7 million. By 2012, the holding had reached 5.08% of the grocer's shares, worth about 1.3 billion pounds ($2.1 billion).
More recently, Buffett has been cutting the stake, owning 3.7% of the shares as of December 31, according to Berkshire Hathaway's annual report.
The holding's value has slumped in the past year as Tesco has lowered its profit outlook amid a shift by shoppers toward discount and upscale chains.
The shares are down 49% in the past 12 months, slumping 17% last week after new chief executive officer Dave Lewis started a probe of accounting practices and suspended four executives after finding that Tesco overstated first-half profit estimates.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CERC gives Financial Technologies more time for IEX stake saleCERC gives Financial Technologies more time for IEX stake sale
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 3:  
Electricity watchdog CERC has granted one more month’s time till October 31 for Financial Technologies to completely divest its stake in Indian Energy Exchange (IEX).
The Central Electricity Regulatory Commission’s (CERC) decision came on a plea filed by Financial Technologies (India) Ltd (FTIL) seeking more time to complete the divestment process.
Against the backdrop of payment crisis at FTIL group firm National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL), the regulator in May had directed the company to sell stake in the power exchange by September 30.
“Considering the present stage of the divestment process, we deem it appropriate to grant one month’s time, that is till October 31, 2014 for completing the process of divestment of entire share of FTIL in IEX,” the regulator said in its order dated October 1.
In this regard, CERC has also directed the exchange to submit a compliance report by November 5.
FTIL has more than 24 per cent shareholding in IEX.
Even as it gave more time for compliance, the electricity regulator said IEX should pursue the divestment process in right earnest.
Referring to its ruling on the matter in May this year, the watchdog said, “We note that though the order was passed by the Commission on May 13, 2014... FTIL has initiated action only on July 7, 2014“.
Axis Bank Capital has been appointed by FTIL as the investment banker for IEX stake sale.
FTIL has also filed an appeal before the Appellate Tribunal for Electricity against CERC’ May order while simultaneously initiating steps to divest its entire stake in IEX.
In the wake of NSEL fiasco, which came to light last year, various regulators had initiated action against FTIL.
Last December, the Forward Markets Commission had ruled that FTIL is not a ‘fit and proper person’ to hold anything more than 2 per cent shareholding in commodity exchange MCX.
In March this year, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) had said FTIL is not “fit and proper” to own stakes in any stock exchange and directed it to divest existing holdings in MCX-SX and four other entities.
According to CERC’s May order, decisions of SEBI and FMC have a direct bearing on the power market.
In that ruling, CERC had mentioned that “regulatory objectives of the power exchanges are similar to that of the commodity and stock exchanges in so far as the investor/ consumer protection, market integrity, transparency, fairness and governance are concerned”.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Masaba Gupta  Satya Paul partnership comes to anendThe brand Satya Paul Thursday announced the end of its creative collaboration with young designer Masaba Gupta.
Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:10 pm
The brand Satya Paul Thursday announced the end of its creative collaboration with young designer Masaba Gupta.
Masaba joined the brand in 2012 and was instrumental in adding a fresh twist to the brand’s collection. Her final collection for Satya Paul will come out in November this year.
Satya Paul and its parent company, Genesis Colors, would like to thank Masaba for her extraordinary contributions and wish her the very best with her future endeavours, said a statement.
Masaba, daughter of cricket legend Vivian Richards and Indian actress Neena Gupta, was only 24 when she took over the responsibility as fashion director at the brand.
“As two wonderful years of being Satya Paul’s fashion director come to an end, I am grateful to Sanjay Kapoor (managing director at Genesis Colors) for giving me the opportunity to become an integral part of the legendary label. It has been a great learning curve for me and I am thankful to my team without whom this career-defining journey would not have been possible,” said Masaba.
Satya Paul, known for its ingenuity in design and a vivid colour palette, was established in 1985 by its namesake. As part of Genesis since 2001, the brand has footprints at over 30 locations in the country.
Known for quirky prints, with feminine drapes and silhouettes, Masaba prefers to use organic fabrics with classic weaves, patchwork and all in vibrant colours.
While in charge at Satya Paul, Masaba tried to revolutionise the design elements.
Acknowledging her contribution, Kapoor said: “Her distinctive approach to design and innovative spirit gave a newfound energy to Satya Paul that we will continue to take forward. I am confident of her future as an exceptional fashion designer and wish her all the best.”
Masaba made her foray in the fashion industry with GenNext fashion show at 2009 Lakme Fashion Week. Her collection helped her win the most promising designer award at the event. It was followed by the launch of her flagship store in 2010.

India men  women retain kabaddi gold medals ...Asian Games
(They played catch-up with…)
INCHEON: India's unhindered supremacy in the Asian Games' kabaddi competition continued after both the men's and women's teams successfully defended their respective gold medals with hard-fought final triumphs over Iran here today.
Staging a fantastic second-half recovery, Indian men surged to their seventh straight gold by defeating Iran 27-25 in a thrilling final at the Songdo University Gymnasium .
India thus completed a golden double on the kabaddi mat for the second successive edition after the women defeated the same nation 31-21 in their final held earlier in the day.
The country thus boosted its overall gold tally to 11 on the final day of competitions here.
But it was touch and go for the Indian men, who have won the gold medal with ease on the six previous occasions since kabaddi was introduced in the 1990 Games at Beijing. They played catch-up with Iran for most part of the game before drawing level with the last seven minutes of the 40-minute match left.
The winners were trailing by a big margin of 13-21 at half time and a huge upset was on the cards before the defending champions pulled it around in the second half with some aggressive raiding and smart catching.
Captain Rakesh Kumar, who played with a bandaged head after getting injured by a rival defender's knee during his raid in the second half, said after the game, "By god's grace we won. It was tougher than we expected. Iran is a good team, but we made some mistakes initially and fell behind before recovering."
Rakesh also said at half time, the strategy chalked out was to pack off Iran quickly for a 'lona' -- with only four players of the rivals left as compared to their own five -- at that stage and come back into the game.
"That's what we did. Had we fallen even further behind then, it would have been curtains," he conceded.
India started on the wrong foot against the super-fit Iranians who looked like men possessed as they raided with gusto and defended with zeal to jump to a 17-7 lead before the Indians, who even conceded a 'lona' (after being all out), knew what happened.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Western firms prefer Indian execs for expertiseYou are here: Home > Collections > Companies
Western firms prefer Indian executives for language and expertise
PTI Oct 3, 2014, 02.07PM IST
Tags:
expertise
(DTCA, a Singapore-based…)
SINGAPORE: Indian executives have emerged as preferred candidates with Western companies looking to appoint Asian directors on their boards, according to analysis done by Singapore-based placement firm.
DTCA, a firm specialising in placing executives in top roles and on company boards, analysed the composition of the boards of the 20 largest companies in four leading economies in the world -- United States, Germany , France and UK .
The number of Asian executives holding non-executive director positions in these companies has risen to 23 this year, from just nine in 2009.
Indian executives are leading this pack, with 8 of them holding such positions with top multinational companies currently, said DTCA.
"With an increasing number of Western companies looking to expand in Asia, especially in India, there is a growing belief that you need to have local talent at the very senior level to be able to fully exploit the region's growth potential," said Fabrice Desmarescaux, Managing Partner and Co-Founder of DTCA, who has nearly 20 years' experience working with top Asian executives.
The trend has gathered pace over the past five years as Western companies have focused their attention on expanding their business in Asian economies such as India.
As these companies boost their presence in the region further, they have been looking to appoint Asian executives to their boards to help them achieve their goals, not least because they want to understand the markets and the culture in order to fully exploit the opportunities, he said.
"Gathering the board once a year in Asia, beyond the entertainment value for the directors and the cosmetic announcement effect at the AGM, will not help.
The best way for boards to make informed decisions about Asia is to appoint Asian directors," said Desmarescaux.
He said Indian executives are being appointed by Western companies for reasons like felicity with English language , market size, regional expertise and prior familiarity with western firms .
Indian executives, especially those in senior roles, tend to speak fluent English which makes it easier for companies to deal with them and vice versa.
It is a key market for many western companies. Having an Indian executive in a senior role can help companies make more informed decisions about their plans for the country.
Many Indian executives are also well versed with other regional economies and can help the Western companies formulate expansion strategies in those countries as well.
They have often worked with Western multinationals and are well versed with their business model and practices.
That coupled with their local knowledge makes them a key asset to have on the board.
FEATURED ARTICLES

UnitedCast: Periodic rain possibleComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

PM Narendra Modi to deliver first radio speech via AIR on FridayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat s annual speech shown on DD for the first timeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Salman Khan accepts PM s  Clean India  inviteThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Why can`t we report to sebi regarding selling of promoters stake to sa...Gold Member
32 Followers
Price is hiked to offload the promoter`s share or pledged share to be invoked. The financial seems to not only window dressed but also revenue is hiked by showing trade of chemicals 400cr . How a company who has gone for a inorganic growth mint money in the first year of acquiring of Benz which has never have revenue of more than 80Cr. I have exited from this counter once seeing the Promoter`s exit and the pledged shares invoked with a loss of 10%. The interesting part is the company has again increased the borrowing capacity in the last AGM. We can see atleast 20% increase in Debt within this year. Bankers are subject to question vis a vis Bhushan Steel case.
1.18 PM Oct 3rd  | Track

Around 1000 rupee price satyam came with one for one bonus and then th...Platinum Member
1304 Followers
I don`t like their growth rate of moving from 3 billion to 5 billion in 2017 in 4 years.
If that is the case, AM should have eased them out of TML,yesterday and not tomorrow. If they cant deliver, they need to be replaced immediately.It has already been 4 years since take over of SATYAM and for all except legal purposes they have already been operating as one company.Guidance or misguidance whatever U may call it, if 2nd qrtr numbers don`t confirm that they R hitting spectacular growth levels and getting closer to 5 billion  by Dec 2015, they need to be replaced immediately.
Let us see what 2nd qrtr. numbers confirm.

Happy dushehra to all traders who are in heavy lossCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Buy 1393 1377 1402 1418 1443Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

The pastor and the Dalai LamaThe Hindu Archives The Dalai Lama and his mother, together at Mussoorie on May 19, 1959, as they have a stroll in the lawns of the Birla House.
The Hindu Archives The Dalai Lama at Birla House in Mussoorie in 1959.
BUSINESS LINE Omair
And then one Sunday Reverend Seefeldt found that the front rows of his church in Mussoorie were dominated by Buddhist monks in their ochre robes
Reverend Arnold Ralph Seefeldt passed away two years ago in his hometown of Glenn Falls in New York. He had served as a missionary in India from 1951 to 1979, and India did not leave him even if he did return to the country of his birth. He was 90 years old when he passed away, but reportedly he used Hindi till the last days of his life. I learned about him completely by chance, while speaking to his granddaughter, Amy Seefeldt, a year ago. We used to be classmates, and were chatting about our old school days and where our lives had taken us since then, when she mentioned her grandfather.
The conversation had turned to the Dalai Lama, or more correctly, His Holiness the XIV Dalai Lama, Tenzin Gyatso. Amy was now the Academic Dean of the school in Mussoorie that we had both attended, and she was telling us about the visit of the Dalai Lama. He had an affinity to Mussoorie. It was the town he had rested at after fleeing China in 1959, after the March 30 uprising against Chinese rule that the Tibetans in exile still celebrate as the start of their resistance. He had arrived in Mussoorie in April, a 24-year-old Monk King with no kingdom, and with little hope of justice for his people. That June, he spoke from Birla House about his hopes for reforms and peaceful coexistence stymied by Chinese officials. He spoke of the use of violence, the destruction of a culture and a people in words that are deeply sad and true even today.
I wondered what Mussoorie must have looked and felt like then. It was an isolated hill town built for the British soldiers to rest, where surreptitious assignations took place between holidaying soldiers and the wives of British civil servants. A town whose great claim to fame was that Dost Mohammed Khan, the deposed Amir of Afghanistan, was kept as a prisoner of war there in the 19th century. After independence, the new rulers of India, its politicians and business barons had moved in, but there had never been, or was likely to be, someone like the Dalai Lama, both revered and famous, holy, powerful and powerless. The small, sleepy town must have been buzzing with excitement and gossip as foreign journalists arrived in droves with the small grey contingent of spies in their wake, or even amongst them, perhaps.
In all this great clamour, Reverend Seefeldt continued to carry out his duties as the pastor of the church where he served. And then one Sunday he found that the front rows of his church were dominated by Buddhist monks in their distinct ochre robes. He addressed the gathering as he often did, and the next week the ritual was re-enacted. Then one of the senior monks came to Reverend Seefeldt to ask him if the good pastor could come to Birla House and discuss the precepts of Christianity with the Dalai Lama.
Amy laughed as she told me the story: “He didn’t know what to wear, what the occasion was. So he put on his jacket and his collar, but after much thought he decided to go barefoot, as a sign of respect.” I laughed with her, but could not but wonder about that encounter. The Dalai Lama is now one of the most recognised religious leaders in the world, deeply involved in inter-faith efforts and a household name easily recognised and referenced in formal articles and cheap Hollywood films, but at that time, he was very young man suddenly exiled from one of the most isolated places in the world, even if the Chinese Army had introduced some semblance of modernity to the Roof of the World. And Reverend Seefeldt? A man from a small town in New York State had become, through a quirk of circumstances, probably the first non-Buddhist religious scholar who the Dalai Lama had theological discussions with.
It seems impossible to imagine those times, or how conversations that happened long before Amy or I were born, could have affected the world in ways that we were still experiencing. The last time I was in the company of the Dalai Lama, taking notes on the sidelines of a meeting, he had unexpectedly turned to me and grabbed my arm, to say something along the lines of how he felt Muslims should be taking part more actively in peace-building. I was too stunned to do much more than agree with him. But in that moment, there was something of the person who — in what must have been the most difficult days of his life — decided to reach out to talk to someone. Reverend Seefeldt had answered that call.
(Omair Ahmad is an author. His last book was on Bhutan; @OmairTAhmad )
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Narendra Modi takes centre stage at Madison Square; bag of goodies for Indian diasporaNarendra Modi takes centre stage at Madison Square; bag of goodies for Indian diaspora
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  New York, September 28, 2014
First Published: 19:24 IST(28/9/2014) | Last Updated: 16:24 IST(29/9/2014)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi finally got to thank his NRI (Non-Resident Indians) constituency for their support in getting him elected. And they finally got to see the man they had waited so long to see as Prime Minister.
  
Play Pause
Attendees stand as Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives to speak at Madison Square Garden in New York, during his visit to the United States. (Reuters Photo)
Supporters wave an Indian flag as PM Modi prepares to give a speech during a reception by the Indian community in honor of his visit to the United States at ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks at Madison Square Garden in New York, during his visit to the United States. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks to supporters during a community reception at Madison Square Garden in New York. (AFP Photo)
A crowd of US-based supporters await the arrival of Prime Minister Narendra Modi for a community reception at Madison Square Garden in New York. (AFP Photo)
Dancers perform before India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks at Madison Square Garden in New York, during his visit to the US. (Reuters Photo)
An artist carries Prime Minister Narendra Modi's portrait after making it in front of the crowd during a reception organised by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses the audience during a reception organised in his honour by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. (PTI ...
Supporters during a reception organised in the honour of Prime Minister Narendra Modi by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
The scoreboard shows a picture of Prime Minister Narendra Modi above the arena floor before a community reception for the Prime Minister at Madison Square Garden in New York. (AFP ...
A boy wearing a mask of PM Narendra Modi waves during the "Modi in America" event organised by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York ...
“Today, I say thanks to everyone,” said Modi, adding, “and I assure you I will never do anything to let you down.” His thank-you note came with a few goodies.
One, holders of Persons of Indian Origin (PIO) cards would be given visas for their lifetime.
Two, people staying in India for a long period would not have to report to police stations periodically any more.
Three, measures will be initiated to end problems faced by those with non-Indian American spouses. PIO and Overseas Indian Cards would be merged into one shortly.
Four, US tourists will be given visa on arrival.
Five, outsourced consular services will be expanded.
“Happy?” Modi beamed to the packed venue, after announcing the first measure, which came at the end of a speech repeatedly interrupted by chants of “Modi, Modi”.
Dressed in a yellow kurta and peach waistcoat, the PM showed none of the strain of his navratri fast of just warm water, now into its fourth day on Sunday.
Read: Crush of US politicians meeting Modi
It was vintage Modi at the podium, feeding on the energy of the iconic Manhattan venue packed with supporters from 49 of the 50 states of the United States.
Also there to listen to a man who just stunned the world with a massive electoral victory were many US lawmakers, many of whom were in the middle of their own re-election campaigns.
The PM thanked his supporters, many of whom, as he said, had either travelled to India to campaign for him or supported him and the BJP from here.
Seshadri Kumar, who publishes a community paper, came to the reception all the way from Houston, Texas. “I could have stayed home and watched it on TV,” he said.
But this was a historic event and he wanted to be there.
Watch: The highlights of Modi's Madison Square speech
Acutely aware of the importance of the event, Modi quickly moved from recognising and thanking them for their support to reporting to them why they were right in choosing him.
The PM could have been speaking to an audience at home in India, explaining, as he did, his vision, his plans, his goals and ambitions for India.
“The government you have chosen will not leave any stone unturned in developing the country,” said Modi, adding, “this government will succeed in fulfilling all our aspirations.”
And here is why, he said. India cannot be stopped. India has three unique qualities which we need to recognise and present to the world: democracy, demographic dividend and demand (as consumers).
In a speech that was repeatedly interrupted by cheers and applause, the longest ovation was for the time when he said he grew up selling tea.
Everyone in the audience knew that story well — many of them had participated in his “Chai with Modi” events in the run up to the elections, but they couldn’t help themselves.
Live Blog Modi in America
 
Top 10 quotes from Modi speech
 
“I have reached here by selling tea. I am a very small person… I am small and that is why I take interest in doing small work for small people. I am small that is why I have the intent to do big things for small people.” — his reply to people who ask him to talk of his “bada vision” (big vision).
 
“I will repay your debt by making the India of your dreams,”
 
“Earlier, Indian governments spoke of having made this law and that law, but I have started ending laws which are of no use. So many laws... If I end one law a day, I will be the happiest.”
 
“Is this news?” — on reports that officials in India had started reporting for work on time.
 
“I have a dream that no family in India should be without a house in 2022. These are small things I am telling you, but these are the things which will turn India’s fortunes.” 
 
“Thousands of crores have been spent. People have told me Modi ji why are you getting involved in this tough work. If I had to do easy work, people would not have made me PM.” — on taking up the challenge of cleaning river Ganga
 
“There are many expectations from the government. I can say with belief, this government will succeed 100% in meeting people’s expectations.”
 
“A country which has such capable fingers… a country whose youth which is committed to development on its own…such a country has no need to turn back and look.”
 
“I haven’t taken even a 15-minute vacation since I’ve taken the PM’s post.”
 
“When 2019 comes, let us pledge to give Mahatma Gandhi — on his 150th birth anniversary — a clean India.”

Rajdeep Sardesai manhandled outside Madison Sq Garden ahead of Modi addressRajdeep Sardesai manhandled outside Madison Sq Garden ahead of Modi address
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 28, 2014
First Published: 20:34 IST(28/9/2014) | Last Updated: 20:58 IST(28/9/2014)
Senior Indian journalist Rajdeep Sardesai was manhandled outside Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday by some people who had reportedly assembled for Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s address.
 
The news created quite a buzz on Twitter after @JFK_America posted, “Mob of people attacking an Indian journalist for being critical of Modi on the past. Accused if being a traitor (sic)”. 
Advertisement
Mob of people attacking an Indian journalist for being critical of Modi on the past. Accused if being a traitor pic.twitter.com/6xOJTWAxaO
— James FontanellaKhan (@JFK_America) September 28, 2014
 
To numerous queries, he clarified the journalist was Sardesai, a well-known television anchor and reporter.
   
 
Sardesai, who quit as the editor-in-chief of IBN 18 Network in July, posted on Twitter, “Great crowd at Modison square garden! except a few idiots who still believe abuse is a way of proving their machismo!(sic)”
 
He added, “Glad we caught the idiots on cam. Only way to shame the mob is to show them. (sic)”
 
Sardesai also posted, “Great publicity for my book. All those who took selfies have promised to buy it!” He did not, however, clarify if this was related to him being manhandled. 
Great crowd at Modison square garden! except a few idiots who still believe abuse is a way of proving their machismo! #ModiAtMadison
— Rajdeep Sardesai (@sardesairajdeep) September 28, 2014
Glad we caught the idiots on cam. Only way to shame the mob is to show them. #ModiAtMadison
— Rajdeep Sardesai (@sardesairajdeep) September 28, 2014
Great publicity for my book. All those who took selfies have promised to buy it! #ModiAtMadison
— Rajdeep Sardesai (@sardesairajdeep) September 28, 2014
 
A video of the manhandling was soon up on YouTube, but HT could not immediately verify its authenticity.

Clark Gable s Former Palm Springs Estate For Sale
Banks pull out of dozens of benchmarks after rate-rigging scandals© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3bc3d088-494b-11e4-9d7e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Technologys tax defence is washing awayTechnology’s tax defence is washing away
By John Gapper
The OECD is making faster progress towards fixing the gaps in the system
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4460919e-48b6-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt s fiscal deficit target achievable  says CitiGovt's fiscal deficit target challenging but achievable, says Citigroup
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 2, 2014  | 18:59 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The government's fiscal deficit target of Rs 5.31 lakh crore is 'challenging' but 'achievable' thanks to lower crude oil prices and their impact on the subsidy bill, says a Citigroup report.
Fiscal deficit, the gap between government expenditure and revenue, could be contained at budgeted levels with better manoeuvrability on the expenditure front along with the focus on disinvestment, Citigroup said in a research note.
For 2014-15, fiscal deficit for the entire fiscal year has been pegged at Rs 5.31 lakh crore or 4.1 per cent of GDP.
The government had put in place a fiscal consolidation roadmap as per  which the fiscal deficit has to be brought down to 3 per cent of the GDP  by 2016-17.
"While slow growth in tax revenues does make the fiscal deficit target challenging this year, we believe that better manoeuvrability on the expenditure front coupled with the government's focus on disinvestments and non-tax revenues (higher dividend pay-outs) could allow government to contain fiscal deficit at budgeted 4.1 per cent levels," it said.
According to official figures, fiscal deficit touched 74.9 per cent of the Budget Estimates for 2014-15 to cross Rs 3.97 lakh crore at the end of August.
At the end of August in the fiscal year ending March 2014, the deficit was 74.6 per cent of the Budget Estimates (BE).
"While weak tax revenue growth is a concern, lower crude oil prices and their impact on the subsidy bill may enable the government meet its budgeted fiscal target of Rs 5.31 lakh crore or 4.1 per cent of GDP," the report said.
The report noted that over the medium term, sustained fiscal reforms with respect to fuel subsidy, goods and services tax (GST), expenditure commission review would be key to achieve meaningful fiscal consolidation.
"Fiscal consolidation would not only support sovereign ratings but could also help contain inflationary pressures," the report said.

Official: Suicide bombers kill 7 at Libyan airportBenghazi fell under the control of the Islamist militias months ago after they repelled attacks by Hifter.
Associated Press | Cairo | Posted: October 2, 2014 9:23 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 9:29 pm
Two suicide car bombings near an eastern airport in Libya killed seven troops and wounded 12 people on Thursday, a spokesman for a renegade general said, as fierce clashes erupted nearby between the general’s forces and the extremist militias trying to take over the airfield.
Col Mohammed Hegazi told The Associated Press that the bombers targeted checkpoints 1 kilometre away from the Benina airport in Benghazi.
The airport is the only site still under the control of renegade Gen Khalifa Hifter after he was defeated by a coalition of Islamist militias, including the extremist group Ansar al-Shariah. That group is blamed for the deadly September 12, 2012, assault on the US Consulate in Benghazi that killed US Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans.
Hegazi said that the Hifter-allied Libyan air force later launched airstrikes to prevent the Islamist militias from taking over the airport.
A spokesman of the February 17 brigade, part of the Islamist coalition, told Libyan television station al-Nabaa that nearly 10 of its fighters were wounded in clashes near the airport.
Mohammed Eissa also said the airstrikes had no effect on their advance as clashes continued.
Benghazi fell under the control of the Islamist militias months ago after they repelled attacks by Hifter.
Libya is witnessing its worst spasm of violence since its 2011 civil war.
A second, parallel campaign by Islamist-allied militias swept through the capital, Tripoli, forcing rival militias, who declared their alliance with Hifter, to withdraw.
The militias later revived an old parliament and formed a “salvation government” to compete with Libya’s elected parliament and government, which is now convening in the eastern city of Tobruk, close to the Egyptian border.

Trader faces criminal spoofing chargesTrader faces criminal ‘spoofing’ charges
By Kara Scannell and Gregory Meyer in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9bf94196-4a53-11e4-b8bc-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ministers give own touch to cleanliness driveHRD Minister Smriti Irani takes the cleanliness pledge in Anand, Gujarat, on Thursday. ( Source: Express photo by Bhupendra Rana )
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 2:04 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 8:05 am
The power corridors of Delhi wore a festive but unusual look Thursday as ministers, senior bureaucrats and everyone else armed themselves with brooms and enthusiastically looked for anything that could be brushed aside.
Almost every ministry and every building in the Central Secretariat organised the cleaning drive with the senior-most functionary present leading the way. Banners displaying messages on the importance of cleanliness adorned the office buildings. Tens of thousands of employees took the cleanliness pledge.
BJP chief Amit Shah with party MP Poonam Mahajan at Khar railway station in Mumbai. (Express photo by Vasant Prabhu)
Many ministers were not in Delhi, having travelled to various destinations to participate in the Swachh Bharat campaign, but those who were there made it a point to show up, some at a number of programmes.
I&B and Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar, who could not participate in any event in his home state of Maharashtra because of a possible violation of election code of conduct, attended functions at both the ministries under his charge, and then rushed to the Shivaji Bridge railway station to contribute to the Railways’ cleanliness campaign as well.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh and his wife Savitri in Lucknow on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Health Minister Dr Harsh Vardhan launched the cleanliness drive at his ministry in Nirman Bhawan, went to the New Delhi railway station with Railway Minister D V Sadananda Gowda, and then took an unscheduled cleanliness inspection of the Lady Hardinge Hospital.
Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar in Delhi. He said his ministry won’t use plastic folders.
Coal and Power Minister Piyush Goyal was in Mumbai but addressed his ministry’s staff through a video-conference. Nitin Gadkari and M Venkaiah Naidu were present with the Prime Minister at the main event and then came back to their ministries to launch the cleanliness drive with their staff. Minister of State Gen (retd) V K Singh took up the broom at the Ghaziabad railway station.
A number of ministries announced schemes and programmes to mark the occasion, linking the Swachh Bharat campaign with their own objectives. Javadekar, for example, announced that no plastic folder would be used in the Environment Ministry. He introduced an eco-friendly folder. Harsh Vardhan stressed that Swachh Bharat was inextricably linked with “Swasth Bharat” and recalled how continued…

http://usat.ly/1rHgPxdFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Free 'extras' now on menu at Qdoba
Next time you order a side of guacamole at Qdoba Mexican Grill, there's one thing you won't get:  dinged. That's right, the popular fresh avocado side dish that has previously cost customers $1.19 per serving,
Post to Facebook
Free 'extras' now on menu at Qdoba Next time you order a side of guacamole at Qdoba Mexican Grill, there's one thing you won't get:  dinged. That's right, the popular fresh avocado side dish that has previously cost customers $1.19 per serving, Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vBlT8V
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
17
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Free 'extras' now on menu at Qdoba
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 5:12 p.m. EDT October 2, 2014
Qdoba's new menu and pricing structure means guacamole and queso are no longer extra.
(Photo: Jeff Padrick, Qdoba)
2977 CONNECT 137 TWEET 77 LINKEDIN 17 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Next time you order guacamole on your burrito at Qdoba Mexican Grill, there's one thing you won't get:  dinged.
One of its most popular "extras," which previously cost customers $1.19 to $1.50 per serving when ordered with a burrito, taco or quesadilla, guacamole will now be free, effective Oct. 14.
Ditto for the rest of the "extras" at Qdoba, the nation's second-largest fast-casual Mexican chain.
The move, to be announced on Friday, is certain to be watched by the rest of the dining industry — from fast-casual chains to some fancy steakhouses that like to tack on charges for every item beyond the steak itself.
A 638-unit chain in the midst of a growth spurt and under new leadership, Qdoba says it recognizes that the surcharges that can make dinner checks swell can make customers steam.
Some other Qdoba "extras" that will be free: queso (a hot three-cheese dip) that used to cost $1; fajita vegetables that went for 69 cents; and chile BBQ sauce that also cost 69 cents.
"We heard complaints from guests and from team members," says Tim Casey, brand president of Qdoba Mexican Grill. "They view (the extra charges ) as nickel-and-diming them."
There are few things restaurant customers hate more than paying for extras -- particularly millennials, who often order extras to add flavor. Nobody knows that any better than Casey, whose company researched that question shortly after he came on board about 18 months ago. Many customers who were surveyed said that they were fed up with the surcharges. Some 78% of those surveyed said they "hate" having to pay for extras, and 81% said they don't think that they should have to.
But, in the never-ending quest for more flavor, they do anyway. Depending on the market, 20% to 35% of Qdoba guests order guacamole or queso as an extra. The fajita veggies vary from 12% to 40% of guests.  By the company's own estimates, extras typically add up to 30% -- or about $2 -- to the average customer check.
That's a lot of additional income the company is leaving on the table in an attempt to make customers feel better about the brand. In some cases, the company will slightly increase menu prices and, in other cases, decrease prices, as part of this change.
But Casey is convinced that the new price transparency will keep customers happy -- and coming back. Next month, when the chain rolls out a seasonal menu with three new sauces available to for its burritos, there will be no charge for the sauces that formerly would cost customers an extra buck or two, says Casey.
One industry consultant believes customers will reward Qdoba by coming back.
"It's much more important to get a customer back five times than to make the most you can off of them one time," Gregg Rapp, an industry consultant and menu engineer.
Off-beat moves like this are particularly important for chain restaurants, says Rapp, because many younger consumers, in particular, avoid chains "because they don't think chains do anything risky or interesting."
To promote its new stand against "nickel-and-diming" customers, Qdoba on Friday will send a dump truck filled with nickels and dimes to an empty lot not far from its Denver headquarters.  It will dump the coins in the lot, and let consumers scoop them up by the cupful for keeps.
2977 CONNECT 137 TWEET 77 LINKEDIN 17 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vBlT8V
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

I hiked my fee by 50 percent after Queen: Kangana RanautI hiked my fee by 50% after Queen, says Kangana Ranaut
Shalvi Mangaokar , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 03, 2014
First Published: 09:38 IST(3/10/2014) | Last Updated: 15:45 IST(3/10/2014)
Kangana Ranaut is a free-spirited 27-year-old woman, who doesn’t shy away from speaking her mind. The actor, who recently revealed that she is dating someone, is hopeful about this new relationship.
Kangana Ranaut
Also, having gotten rave reviews for her acting prowess in Queen,  Ranaut admits to seeing a metamorphosis in movies, as far as portrayal of women is concerned. In this interview, she also discusses remuneration, and why it is wrong to compare actors.
First things first — how is your love life looking?
My love life is exciting. When you’re in love, you kind of have to be sure about things that you make public. I hope it works out. 
Also read: Kangana offered Italian film
So, there is a man in your life.
There definitely is a man… not a woman for sure (laughs). Love is such a thing; it’s so special, so I hope I get in a position of talking about it in public. 
Is marriage on the cards?
No. The kind of person that I am, it seems very tough for me to have an arrangement like that. I am looking for a companion and I’m hoping I will get my soulmate. I really value that ‘soul’ journey and this whole man-woman bond. I’m a very spiritual person, and more so when it comes to love. And that’s where my emotions as an artist are deeply-rooted. I think that’s why I’m considered to be (one of) the most sensitive actors. Apparently, the emotions that I express in my art are exceptional for today’s time and age.
With women-centric films doing well, can female actors finally command the same price as male actors?
I’m not the person who can comment on the business. I think kisi se compare nahi karna chahiye (one must not compare). Everyone knows their own worth. I can’t compare myself to anyone and say, ‘Okay, these guys charge so much, I will too’. They (other stars) have their own worth. After Queen, I’ve hiked my fee by 50 per cent. It doesn’t really matter how close it is to my counterparts. For instance, they say my male counterpart would be Aamir Khan, but how do I compare myself to him? His career spans over 25 years, he is in a different league altogether! Yeh saari baatein bolne ke liye hoti hain (these are all just talks for the heck of it). Every artist has his/her own journey. Now, if I get a good script, such as a biopic, they tell me, ‘If you are there, we’ll make it’. People are waiting for me now and I don’t have dates till 2015. And they are big film-makers who are saying that it’s okay and they will wait until 2015 end. So, that is my worth and my credibility now.
People are now queuing up outside your home with scripts.
I am shocked myself because for the first time in my life, people are ready to wait for me for over a year. People have taken my dates for 2016 . I’m a person who will immediately make up my mind and be like, ‘Okay, I’m going to go to Switzerland for two months’. I can see my life functioning in a different way. I can see that people are really dependent on me in so many ways. That is very flattering in a way, but very scary too. I was never faced with this before; not that I haven’t been part of successful films before, and it’s not that after Queen I didn’t have any failures. So it’s not just about success and failure… it’s about your own journey.
When was the last time you went to your hometown?
Not in a year, but I need to go back. I was supposed to go in September, but the shraad period started and mom told me to not come. I told her that I had kept the month free to come see the family, but then… (laughs). So I won’t be able to go anytime soon, but when we shoot the north India portion of Anand L Rai’s movie ( Tanu Weds Manu sequel ), I’ll make a short, quick trip. Manali is very close to Punjab, so I’ll go home and my parents will also keep coming.
How are your upcoming projects looking?
I think it’s very promising what I’m doing right now. Whether it’s Nikhil Advani’s next, or a double role in Anand L Rai’s movie, or even the film with Saif (Ali Khan), which is a love story. I haven’t done a love story, per se, in a while. And actually, these are all hardcore love stories.

Maharashtra polls: Two richest candidates belongs to BJP8
0
Mumbai: BJP candidate Mohit Kamboj is the richest candidate in the fray for Maharashtra Assembly polls with assets worth Rs 353.53 crore.
According to the affidavit filed by him to the Maharashtra state Election Commission, Kamboj (30), who will contest the Dindoshi Vidhan Sabha constituency, has declared assets worth Rs 353.53 crore to the EC.
His affidavit states that he has cleared his first year of B.Com in 2003 and he has business interests in real estate and bullion.
The second richest candidate among the total 1,356 candidates in the state also belongs to the BJP.
#maharashtra #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #bjp #mohit kamboj
The second richest candidate among the total 1,356 candidates in the state also belongs to the BJP. Party's Mangal Prabhat Lodha (58), who is seeking a re-election from the plush Malabar Hill constituency has declared assets worth Rs 198.61 crore.
A law graduate, Lodha is a construction magnate. Samajwadi Party Maharashtra Unit President Abu Azmi, who has been fielded from the Mankhurd constituency, has declared assets worth Rs 156.11 crore.
The candidate with the least amount of assets declared to the EC is Kidappil Narayanan Keshav of the Communist Party of India (M).
Keshav (46), who will contest the Andheri (West) constituency of Mumbai, has declared assets worth Rs 15,934 to the EC. A social worker by profession, he is a secondary school passout from Kerala.
The second poorest candidate is gangster-turned- politician Arun Gawli's daughter Geeta Gawli, who has declared assets worth Rs 1.29 crore to the EC.
Geeta, a corporator in the BMC, has been fielded by the Akhil Bhartiya Sena. She is a Class X passout. Senior Congress leader and former Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan has declared assets worth Rs 13.82 crore, while NCP leader and former Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar has declared assets worth Rs 38.83 crore.
Another NCP leader and former state PWD Minister Chhagan Bhujbal has declared assets worth worth Rs 21.91 crore. Maharashtra BJP state Unit President Devendra Fadnavis has declared assets worth Rs 1.97 crore to the state Election Commission.
6

Isro to launch India s 3rd navigation satellite on October 10Isro to launch India's 3rd navigation satellite on October 10
T E Narasimhan | Chennai Oct 04, 2014 12:23 AM IST
The Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro’s) Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV) is getting ready for its 28th flight, after the successful launch of Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM).
The Indian Regional Navigation Satellite System (IRNSS)-1C, the satellite, will be fired from Sriharikota, about 90 km from Chennai, on October 10.
Isro officials said the satellite will be launched from the first launch pad of Satish Dhawan Space Centre.
According to Isro, IRNSS is an independent regional navigation satellite system, designed to provide accurate position information service to users in India as well as the region extending up to 1,500 km from its boundary.
The applications of IRNSS include terrestrial, aerial and marine navigation, disaster management and vehicle tracking, among others and fleet management, integration with mobile phones, precise timing, mapping and geodetic data capture, terrestrial navigation aid for hikers and travellers and visual and voice navigation for drivers.
IRNSS-1C is the third navigation satellite of the seven satellites, constituting the IRNSS space segment. Its predecessors, IRNSS-1A and IRNSS-1B, were launched by PSLV-C22 and PSLV-C24 in July 2013 and April 2014, respectively. IRNSS-1C has a lift-off mass of 1,425 kg. The configuration of IRNSS-1C is similar to that of IRNSS-1A and IRNSS-1B.
The satellite has been realised in less than six months after the launch of its predecessor. IRNSS-1C will carry two types of payloads — navigation payload and ranging payload. The navigation payload of IRNSS-1C will transmit navigation service signals to the users.
This payload will be operating in L5 band (1176.45 MHz) and S band (2492.028 MHz). A highly accurate Rubidium atomic clock is part of the navigation payload of the satellite.
The ranging payload of IRNSS-1C consists of a C-band transponder with facilitates accurate determination of the range of the satellite. IRNSS-1C also carries corner cube retro reflectors for laser ranging, said Isro.
IRNSS will provide two types of services, including standard positioning service and comprises space and ground segments.
IRNSS segment consists of seven satellites, including three satellites in geostationary orbit and four satellites in inclined geosynchronous orbit. IRNSS-1A and IRNSS-1B, the first two satellites of the IRNSS constellation, have already started functioning from their designated orbital slot after extensive on orbit test and evaluation to confirm their satisfactory performance. IRNSS ground segment is responsible for navigation parameter generation and transmission, satellite control, ranging and integrity monitoring as well as time keeping.

Veteran industrialist  Pollachi  N Mahalingam dies at 91Veteran industrialist 'Pollachi' N Mahalingam dies at 91
BS Reporter | Chennai Oct 03, 2014 11:40 AM IST
Veteran industrialist and three-time MLA, 'Pollachi' N Mahalingam died on Thursday following a cardiac arrest. 
 
Mahalingam was the Chairman of the over Rs 5,000 crore Sakthi Group of Companies and Anamallais Bus Transport Ltd (ABT Services).
 
The 91-year old suffered the cardiac arrest during the function 'Gandhi Vallalar Vizha', which he has been organising for the past 40 years. He was rushed to a private hospital but declared dead, according to reporters.
 
Mahalingam is survived by his wife, three sons - M Manickam, M Balasubramaniam and M Srinivasan - and a daughter.
 
Born in 1923 in Pollachi in Coimbatore district in an agricultural family, Mahalingam was an alumnus of Loyola College in Chennai. An engineering graduate from Anna University, he was also awarded Honorary Doctorate by Bharathiar University, Coimbatore.
He was also the recipient of the 'Padma Bhushan' and was elected to the State Assembly from Pollachi constituency three times on a Congress ticket.

JPMorgan hack exposed data of 83 mn people76 million accounts hacked in August, says JP Morgan Chase
IANS     New York   Last Updated: October 3, 2014  | 15:26 IST
Photo: Reuters
US banking giant JP Morgan Chase has issued updated information about a cyber attack which it suffered in August and that approximately 76 million current accounts and seven million small enterprises were affected.
In an official document presented before the US Security and Exchange Commission Thursday, the bank specified the type of data that was breached in the attack on the web and mobile application of JP Morgan   Chase & Co .
The information accessed by the hackers included names, addresses, telephone numbers and e-mail addresses of its clients, as well as internal information of the company.
However, the bank has not yet registered evidence of this data theft affecting the number of accounts, access codes, identity card numbers, dates of birth or social security numbers.
Although the investigations continue, the bank has not had any proof yet showing that a fraud related to this data theft has occurred, but they have been calling their clients to inform them if they face any irregularity.
"The company continues to monitor and control the situation and investigate the matter. Also, the bank is completely cooperating with all the investigative government agencies," the document said.
JP Morgan Chase was one of the five American entities victimised by an attack, the purpose of which is still unknown and which remains subject to a thorough investigation.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation has been trying to determine the origin of such a sophisticated cyber attack and if the motive was economic or part of an intelligence operation.
"Companies of our size unfortunately experience cyber attacks nearly everyday. We have multiple layers of defence to counteract any threats and constantly monitor fraud levels," said Patricia Wexler, JP Morgan spokesperson.
The American banking sector has been a target of frequent hacking in the last few years, and most of the attacks had an economic motive. That is why this case, which does not seem to be of the same profile, has caused special concern to the authorities.

RSS chief Bhagwat gives big thumbs up to Modi govtComments
RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat on Friday gave a thumbs-up to the Narendra Modi government saying it is 'moving in the right direction.'
In his customary Dussehra address to RSS workers at Reshmbagh ground in Nagpur, he lauded Modi for initiatives on national security, economy and international relations in a short period of six months.
Bhagwat said positive signs are emanating that give people the hope that India is emerging stronger on the international stage.
He said people should give some more time to the Modi government for expedition and efficient execution of its policies.
Unless the last person in the country feels prosperous and secure, the government cannot complete its task, Bhagwat said.
"There is no magic wand to change to change things, but the government seems committed," the RSS chief said in his address, which was controversially telecast live for the first time on national broadcaster Doordarshan.
Bhagwat said Prime Minister Narendra Modi's recent visit to the US has sent positive signals and ushered in a new enthusiasm among people of the country.
"A new ray of hope has entered the hearts of the people. The entire country was feeling proud of the visit and the subsequent talks with the US government," he said, adding, the world needs India.
Bhagwat hit out at the governments in Kerala, Tamil Nadu, West Bengal and Assam saying the governments there were not doing anything to check the increase in 'jihadi activities' in these states.
Speaking on global terrorism, Bhagwat blamed the selfish interests of western countries for procuring oil in West Asia for rise in terror activities of the Islamic State.
"Self-centred collective greed gives rise to exploitation, suppression, violence and fanaticism. The basis of selfish interest by the western countries is fully responsible for a new incarnation of terror and fundamentalism that emerged in West Asia in the name of ISIS which is terrorising the world," Bhagwat said.
Watch | Modi's US visit gives us renewed hope: RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat

RSS chief praises Modi govt on DoordarshanUpdated: October 3, 2014 13:31 IST
RSS chief praises Modi govt on Doordarshan
Pavan Dahat
The Hindu RSS chief taking a pledge and adressing RSS volunteers. Photo: S. Sudarshan
TOPICS
parties and movements
Blames Tamil Nadu and Kerala governments for not taking steps to curb 'serious upsurge in jihadi activities'
The Rastriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) chief Mohan Bhagwat was effusive in his praise for the Narendra Modi government for its initiatives, which have led to `positive signs’ on several fronts in less than six months of its tenure, while expressing the hope that the momentum is maintained `in a determined and well organised’ manner.
In his annual address to RSS volunteers on the occasion of Vijayadashmi at Reshimbagh ground here Mr. Bhagtwat talked about a `serious surge in jehadi activities’ in southern parts especially Tamil Nadu and Kerala going on to blame the state government for not making effective policy interventions to curb them.
The address, first since Modi government took charge at the center, lauded the center for steps in national interest towards making India “a Vishwa Guru” (world’s teacher).
“With some expectations in mind, the people of India brought about a drastic change in the government a few months ago. The government is yet to complete its first six months but positive signs are emanating from its initiatives on the front of economy, border security, international relations and many other areas”, he told the gathering.
The RSS chief also lauded the central government for its “swiftness, efficiency and open heartedness” in providing relief and help to the flood affected people of Jammu and Kashmir.
“The Prime Minister’s US trip has made India more confident at the world stage. The situation is energetic, but he does not have a magic wand. No government can bring about positive change without the help of the society,” he contended.
Mr.Bhagwat claimed that there was “a serious upsurge in the Jihadi activities” in the southern parts of the country especially in Kerala and Tamil Nadu.
“But no effective policy imperatives or efforts are visible in curbing such activities on the part of the state governments. The influx of migrants from across the borders in West Bengal and Assam has put the life of local Hindu communities, the law and order situation as well as the national security under serious threat in the region,” he maintained.
Calling for a joint plan of the Central and State governments in putting an effective check to the Left Wing Extremism, Mr.Bhagwat asked the government and the society to put an end to the social exploitation which was “breeding” such movements.
Blaming the “self-centered collective greed and policies” of some western countries for the emergence of terror and fundamentalism in West Asia in the form of ISIS, the RSS chief asked the world leaders to break the cyclic waves of terror which keep emerging in new shapes every time due to the acts and tendencies of self-centeredness and selfish greed.
He also asked the RSS swayamsevaks to take ‘Sangh Shakha’ (RSS unit) to each home in every village, street and community.

10 tonnes of garbage removed from Delhi SecretariatOct 03, 2014 at 12:24pm IST
10 tonnes of garbage removed from Delhi Secretariat
178
0
New Delhi: Ten tonnes of garbage was removed from the Delhi Secretariat on the launch of Swachh Bharat Abhiyan by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday.
"One hundred and two bags of waste paper were also discarded," said a government official.
Delhi Chief Secretary D.M. Spolia administered the cleanliness oath to the officials, who watched Modi launch his nationwide drive on LED screens installed at the Secretariat.
Ten tonnes of garbage was removed from the Delhi Secretariat on the launch of Swachh Bharat Abhiyan by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Various departments heads including Spolia cleaned their respective offices.
12
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Facebook changes real-name policy  allows users to use aliases45
2
Bangalore: Facebook said it would change its policy requiring users to go by their real names on the social network, following outrage over the locking of hundreds of accounts, including a number belonging to drag queens using their stage names.
Facebook's product chief, Christopher Cox, apologised in a post on Wednesday and said the affected users could go back to using their aliases.
The world's largest social media network had locked scores of accounts in recent weeks, including hundreds belonging to lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people.
Facebook's product chief, Christopher Cox, apologised in a post and said the affected users could go back to using their aliases.
#facebook #stage names #real names
"The spirit of our policy is that everyone on Facebook uses the authentic name they use in real life. For Sister Roma, that's Sister Roma. For Lil Miss Hot Mess, that's Lil Miss Hot Mess," Cox wrote, denying that the company's policy required users to go by their legal names.
San Francisco drag queens and a city lawmaker met with Facebook representatives in September to demand that the site change its policy of banning users from going by aliases online.
Drag queen performers, or men who dress in flamboyant female clothing for nightclub shows, usually use stage names that have no relation to their real names.
Performers say using their stage names on social media protects them from possible retribution from other employers, family members and stalkers. Many see their stage name as an integral part of their identity.
Facebook had said earlier that it would give users two weeks to adjust their profiles to display their real name or convert their personal pages into fan pages that allow the use of nicknames.
The debate over the future of online anonymity is roiling tech circles, with the outcome bearing profound implications for Internet use around the world.
Facebook encourages internet users to log on and carry out their digital lives with their offline identities.
But digital rights and privacy activists have questioned the company's motives, saying the push to get people to use their real identities online helps Facebook track user behavior and tap personal data so it can send targeted advertisements.
In July, Google removed restrictions on use of aliases on its Google+ social network, bowing to demands from users for privacy.
6

76M households  7M small business hit by JPMorgan data breachPrint
Associated Press | Los Angeles | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:52 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 3:12 pm
A huge cyberattack against JPMorgan Chase & Co. this summer compromised customer information for about 76 million households and 7 million small businesses, the bank said Thursday.
JPMorgan Chase said that names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses were stolen from the company’s servers, but only customers who use the websites Chase.com and JPMorganOnline and the apps ChaseMobile and JPMorgan Mobile were affected.
The New York-based bank said there’s no evidence that the data breach included account numbers, passwords, Social Security numbers or dates of birth. It also said it has not seen any unusual customer fraud stemming from the data breach.
JPMorgan Chase, the nation’s biggest bank by assets, has been working with law enforcement officials to investigate the cyberattack.
The bank discovered the intrusion on its servers in mid-August and has since determined that the breach began as early as June, spokeswoman Patricia Wexler said.
“We have identified and closed the known access paths,” she said, declining to elaborate.
She also declined to comment on whether JPMorgan has been able to determine who was behind the cyberattack on its servers.
In response to the data breach, the company has disabled compromised accounts and reset passwords of all its technology employees, Wexler said.
In a post on its Chase.com website, the bank told customers that it doesn’t believe they need to change their password or account information. It also noted that customers are not liable for unauthorized transactions when they promptly alert the bank.
The breach is yet another in a series of data thefts that have hit financial firms and major retailers.
Last month, Home Depot said that malicious software lurking in its check-out terminals between April and September affected 56 million debit and credit cards. Michaels and Neiman Marcus also have been attacked by hackers in the past year.
A data breach at Target in December compromised 40 million credit and debit cards. TJX Cos.’s theft of 90 million records, disclosed in 2007, remains the largest data breach at a retailer.
Last year, four Russian nationals and a Ukrainian were charged in what has been called the largest hacking and data breach scheme ever prosecuted in the United States. They were accused of running a hacking organization that penetrated computer networks of more than a dozen major U.S. and international corporations over seven years, stealing and selling at least 160 million credit and debit card numbers, resulting in losses of hundreds of millions of dollars.
Heartland Payment Systems Inc., which processes credit and debit cards for businesses, was identified as taking the biggest hit in a scheme starting in 2007, the theft of more than 130 million card numbers at a loss of about $200 million. Global Payment Systems, another major payment processing company, had nearly 1 million card numbers stolen, with losses of nearly $93 million, according to prosecutors.
The Chase heist is even more disturbing than the recent retail breaches because banks are supposed to have fortress-like protection against intruders, said Gartner security analyst Avivah Litan.
“This is really a slap in the face of the American financial services system,” continued…

Issues raised by Bhagwat are relevant:ModiPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:40 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi Friday hailed the Dusshera address of RSS Chief Mohan Bhagwat and said the issues of social reform he raised are “very relevant” today.
“Mohan Bhagwat ji talked about important national issues in his speech. The issues of social reform that he raised are very relevant today,” Modi tweeted.
Modi also gave an online link of the summary of Bhagwat’s address.
He conratulated all RSS workers on the organisation’s foundation day.
In an address that was telecast live on national broadcaster Doordarshan, Bhagwat pressed for a complete ban on cow slaughter and meat export and urged people to stop buying Chinese goods.
He also said “jehadi” activities were increasing in Kerala and Tamil Nadu and alleged that illegal immigration from Bangladesh into the states of West Bengal, Assam and Bihar will endanger the life of “Hindu society” there.
The RSS chief patted the Modi government for initiatives on national security, economy and international relations in a short period of four months.
Speaking at the customary function on Dusshera which coincides with 89th foundation day of his organisation, he said positive signs are emanating that give people the hope that India is emerging stronger on the international stage.

Ten ways: How to keep your eyeshealthyIt is important to take breaks and blink regularly (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Indo-Asian News Service | London | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:27 pm
Most of the computer users suffer from the symptoms of Computer Vision Syndrome (CVS) and an expert says that it is important to take breaks and blink regularly.
According to a recent study, prolonged sitting while at your desk can increase your risk of heart disease, diabetes and stroke, reports femalefirst.co.uk.
But that’s not the only thing at work that poses a risk to our health.
Around 70 percent of computer users regularly leave work suffering from the symptoms of Computer Vision Syndrome so it is important to follow a few easy steps to ensure sitting at a desk doesn’t take its toll on your health:
It is necessary to stay clear of CVS. It’s possible, nowadays, to spend most of our waking hours surrounded by screens, from checking your emails and texts first thing in the morning, to working nine to five in an office, and then catching up on some evening TV or computer games before, finally, checking your trusty mobile again as you drift off to sleep.
Although this technology has many positive effects on our professional and social lives, what is it doing to our health? One significant effect of constant screen use is CVS.
“When we use a computer for long periods, we only blink around 4 – 7 times per minute. Our usual rate of blinking is more like 18 – 20 times per minute, so this is a significant reduction – it can cause symptoms such as dry eyes and blurred vision,” said professor Dan Reinstein of the London Vision Clinic.“
Other common symptoms of CVS include red eyes, eye strain, double vision, headaches and difficulty refocusing the eyes.
Reinstein provides his top tips on how to prevent CVS, and keep our eyes healthy and comfortable.
* Take a short break from your computer screen at least once every hour; ensure that you move and look away from your computer.
* Keep your computer screen clean.
* Be conscious of blinking regularly.
* Optimise the angle, height and distance of your screen. Being the wrong distance away from your screen can increase muscle strain and visual discomfort.
* Be aware of environmental factors. Air-conditioning and fans can worsen the dry-eye symptoms of CVS.
* If contact lenses make your eyes feel dry, avoid wearing them when using a computer. CVS is particularly common in contact lens wearers; at the London Vision Clinic, we often see patients who are choosing to have laser eye surgery because they find they can no longer wear their contact lenses for long periods, especially while using computers.
* Drink plenty of water to keep yourself hydrated.
* Avoid ‘glare’ from windows and overhead lights.
* Ensure that your computer screen is not flickering.
* And, most importantly, have an eye examination.

76M households  7M small business hit by JPMorgan databreachPrint
Associated Press | Los Angeles | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:52 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 3:12 pm
A huge cyberattack against JPMorgan Chase & Co. this summer compromised customer information for about 76 million households and 7 million small businesses, the bank said Thursday.
JPMorgan Chase said that names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses were stolen from the company’s servers, but only customers who use the websites Chase.com and JPMorganOnline and the apps ChaseMobile and JPMorgan Mobile were affected.
The New York-based bank said there’s no evidence that the data breach included account numbers, passwords, Social Security numbers or dates of birth. It also said it has not seen any unusual customer fraud stemming from the data breach.
JPMorgan Chase, the nation’s biggest bank by assets, has been working with law enforcement officials to investigate the cyberattack.
The bank discovered the intrusion on its servers in mid-August and has since determined that the breach began as early as June, spokeswoman Patricia Wexler said.
“We have identified and closed the known access paths,” she said, declining to elaborate.
She also declined to comment on whether JPMorgan has been able to determine who was behind the cyberattack on its servers.
In response to the data breach, the company has disabled compromised accounts and reset passwords of all its technology employees, Wexler said.
In a post on its Chase.com website, the bank told customers that it doesn’t believe they need to change their password or account information. It also noted that customers are not liable for unauthorized transactions when they promptly alert the bank.
The breach is yet another in a series of data thefts that have hit financial firms and major retailers.
Last month, Home Depot said that malicious software lurking in its check-out terminals between April and September affected 56 million debit and credit cards. Michaels and Neiman Marcus also have been attacked by hackers in the past year.
A data breach at Target in December compromised 40 million credit and debit cards. TJX Cos.’s theft of 90 million records, disclosed in 2007, remains the largest data breach at a retailer.
Last year, four Russian nationals and a Ukrainian were charged in what has been called the largest hacking and data breach scheme ever prosecuted in the United States. They were accused of running a hacking organization that penetrated computer networks of more than a dozen major U.S. and international corporations over seven years, stealing and selling at least 160 million credit and debit card numbers, resulting in losses of hundreds of millions of dollars.
Heartland Payment Systems Inc., which processes credit and debit cards for businesses, was identified as taking the biggest hit in a scheme starting in 2007, the theft of more than 130 million card numbers at a loss of about $200 million. Global Payment Systems, another major payment processing company, had nearly 1 million card numbers stolen, with losses of nearly $93 million, according to prosecutors.
The Chase heist is even more disturbing than the recent retail breaches because banks are supposed to have fortress-like protection against intruders, said Gartner security analyst Avivah Litan.
“This is really a slap in the face of the American financial services system,” continued…

Delhi: Ramleela unites Hindus  Muslims57
0
New Delhi: The 90-year-old Dharmik Leela Commitee Mandal in Old Delhi has seen Muslim men and women playing important characters like Sita, Kaushalya and Ravan for years now.
Eighteen-year-old Faisal Khan is a devout Mulsim as well as a Ram leela enthusiast. But this contradiction doesn't end here. This young Muslim from Moradabad even fasts during the Navratra's, regardless of the fact that several members of his community have expressed strong reservations.
Khan said, "My parents support me. There is nothing like Hindus and Muslims on this stage its about humanity and I am inspired by Ram in life."
Khan said, "My parents support me. There is nothing like Hindus and Muslims on this stage its about humanity and I am inspired by Ram in life."
#delhi #ramleela #hindus #muslims
Dharmik Leela Committee Mandal Samiti General Secretary Dheeraj Dhar Gupta said, "Although Ramleela was started by Bahadur Shah Zaffar, this tradition of Muslims have gone on and on. We not only have Muslim characters but we have musician effigie artists who leave their ethnicity behind and be a part of this celebration."
59

Modi s visit re-energises India-US ties: White HouseThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hong Kong warns sustained protests could cause  permanent  damage to financial systemThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Volvo Car Group sales rise 8.6% in Sept year-on-yearThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

To clear the confusion  i will the logic as under: if a share wi...279 Followers
To clear the confusion, I will the logic as under:
If a share with Face Value Rs.5/- goes for a split of RS.1/- what will happen to the Book value and market price. Take the same data as given in your message.
First of all the principle is whether it is Rs.5/- or Rs.1/- the total value of the share holders will be the same.
Book value   Rs.49
Market value Rs.57
If there is split of share from FV Rs.5/- to Rs.1/-, the share holder gets 5 shares of RS.1/- each instead of one share of Rs.5/-. The book value of Rs.49 will be reduced to Rs.9.80 per share thereby making the value of of 5 shares of Rs.1 each equal to Rs.49.  Same is the case with Market price.  It is to be divided and not multiply as far as the BV and MV is concerned and whereas  Shares will get multiplied

Dear venkat i am confident about turnaround prospect of tanla and that...Platinum Member
437 Followers
Reposted about 38 days 22 hrs 48 min 14 sec ago by Xpert Opinion09 and 1 others
It is a surprise that the stock has not gone for UC even now!
Hi lights of the AGM.  1. They struck a multi-year tieup with Vodafone for messaging.
2.They covered PM Modi`s at Independence day celebration.
3. Out of the 50 acres land they own at Financial Distristict Hyderabad area,
they r developing the site thro` Aparna consgructions for residential/office
plots.
Soon they will announce the commissioning of payments system with some American co. Besides many other projects they r going to undertake.

Why do they split the stock unless the price becomes too high & inacce...Platinum Member
140 Followers
Multibagger................After reaching the target of Rs. 220.........................the stock will be split into Face Value of Rs. 2 each..............................Again it will reach the target of Rs. 100 after the split also.....................Sure shot Multi Multi Bagger....................Never sell even a single share.............................Dont be trapped by the Operators who are working for the company for hammering the prices..................Buyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy...................Never sell

Motorola to sell smartwatch for Rs 17 999 in IndiaMotorola prices Moto 360 at Rs 17,999 in India
PTI
REUTERS
New Delhi, Oct 3:  
Handset maker Motorola today said its smartwatch, Moto 360, will go on sale today in India for Rs 17,999.
The smartwatch will be available exclusively on Flipkart starting from mid-day today, Motorola said in a statement.
Inspired by the classic wristwatch, the Moto 360 features a round design. It has a feature called ‘voice control’ which allows users to send texts, set a reminder, check the weather, and ask for directions.
Users can also keep track of steps and know their heart rate with the built-in pedometer and heart rate monitor, it added.
The smartwatch is compatible with smartphones running Android 4.3 or higher and is powered by Android Wear operating system.
With a 1.5-inch display, the device has a 320 mAh battery, 512 MB RAM and 4 GB internal storage.
Smart wearables, as a category, is growing globally with the likes of Samsung, LG and Apple coming out with their smartwatches across various price points.
Apart from smartwatches, many firms like Sony, Adidas and Goqii have introduced smartbands dedicated to healthcare or athletics with support apps like pedometer and heart rate monitor to help monitor various bodily functions.
Samsung’s Gear Live is available in India for about Rs 15,900, while LG’s G Watch is priced at Rs 14,999.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Jet Airways Offers Up to 50% Discount on All FlightsYou are here: Home Corporates
Jet Airways Offers Up to 50% Discount on Domestic and International Flights
NDTV | Updated On: October 02, 2014 19:01 (IST)
Why Zomato Has Been a Big Winner for Info Edge
Jet Airways is offering discounts of up to 50 per cent on economy class and premiere class travel, across the airline's domestic and international network.
The bookings for the special fare offer are open till October 6, 2014 (inclusive). It is valid on travel from November 5, 2014 onwards on domestic and international routes.
This offer is also valid on several flights operated by Jet Airways in conjunction with its strategic partner Etihad Airways.
On domestic flights, the discount is offered on base fare plus fuel surcharge for economy and premiere fares on flights operated by Jet Airways and JetKonnect.
On international flights, the discount is applicable only on base fares. And for travel from India to Abu Dhabi, the discount is offered only on direct flights from Ahmedabad, Goa, Lucknow and Pune.
In another special offer, Jet Airways is offering fares as low as Rs 908 (all-inclusive) on select domestic routes, which is applicable on economy class tickets. This Jet Airways offer can be availed by booking before October 5 and is valid on travel after January 15, 2015.
As part of the offer, Jet Airways is offering Kochi-Bangalore tickets from Rs 908 and Bangalore-Kochi from Rs 1,162. Bangalore-Chennai tickets under this Jet Airways offer are priced from Rs 1,162 while Chennai-to-Bangalore from 1,017. On the Bangalore-Goa route, tickets are priced from Rs 1,162 while on Goa-Bangalore from Rs 916.
In the Bangalore-Chandigarh and Bangalore-Jaipur routes tickets are priced from Rs 2,390.
Story first published on: October 02, 2014 19:01 (IST)

Microsoft Bets Big on Tablets in IndiaYou are here: Home Corporates
Microsoft Bets Big on Tablets in India
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 02, 2014 17:19 (IST)
Why Zomato Has Been a Big Winner for Info Edge
New Delhi: Software giant Microsoft is placing big bets on tablets to drive adoption of its Windows 8.1 platform on smart devices in the country.
The US-based firm, which acquired devices and services business of Nokia earlier this year, expects Windows-powered tablets to do especially well in segments like educational institutions and small and medium businesses (SMBs).
"Previously, there were devices that were launched at extremely low prices but failed to deliver quality experience.
The devices that are coming now offer much better experience and we are confident that Windows platform will do well," Microsoft India director (Windows Business Group) Vineet Durani told PTI.
He added that with different devices makers launching Windows-powered tablets at various price points, consumers will have more options to choose from.
"Tablets are both productivity and entertainment device. It has the mobility of a smartphone and lets you create content as you would on a PC. PC penetration is still low in India, but tablets can help bridge that gap," he said.
Talking about the segments that Microsoft is targeting, Mr Durani said a lot of growth for Windows platform (on tablets) will come from educational institutions and SMEs.
He added that with prices falling to as low as Rs 8,000 (for Windows-based tabs) by year-end, the market will continue to expand.
According to industry body MAIT, tablet PC witnessed a muted growth of 76 per cent in 2013-14 compared to triple digit growth in the last two years as fewer entry-level models were introduced.
The sales for 2013-14 stood at 3.35 million units as against 1.9 million units in 2012-13.
MAIT expects the segment to grow only by about 27 per cent in FY 2014-15 as consumers opt for higher screen sized smartphones.
However, players like Microsoft and chip maker Intel are confident of a revival in demand and sales of tablets (devices with screen sizes above 6.99 inches), driven by new form factors like 2-in-1s.
Besides homegrown players, many multinational firms like Samsung, Lenovo and Asus have launched tablets in the last few months to cash in on the opportunity.
According to CyberMedia Research, over 7.46 lakh tablets were sold in the January-March 2014 quarter by as many as 30 domestic and international vendors. Samsung, Apple and Datawind were the top three players.
Story first published on: October 02, 2014 17:17 (IST)

DC Circulator to extend operating hours for Nats playoff gamesBy Lori Aratani October 2 Follow @loriara
 
Washington Nationals starting pitcher Jordan Zimmermann, warms up before a baseball game against the Miami Marlins at Nationals Park, Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014, in Washington. Zimmermann pitched a no-hitter, and the Nationals won 1-0.(AP Photo/Alex Brandon)
National’s fans lucky enough to get tickets to one of the playoff games will have yet another post-game travel option.
The District Department of Transportation said Thursday it will extend DC Circulator hours on its Union Station/Navy Yard route to provide service for fans.
For Friday’s 3 p.m. start, the Circulator will run until 10 p.m.
On Saturday, when the game is scheduled to start at 5:30 p.m. service will  run from 10 a.m. to midnight.
Dr. Gridlock offers these tips for getting around for the baseball playoffs. The Nationals also have a guide here. 
 
Lori Aratani writes about how people live, work and play in the D.C. region for The Post’s Transportation and Development team.

How U.S. Airlines Are Battling the Ebola Outbreak
Modi invite: Tharoor says honouredPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 2:12 am
Probabaly caught by surprise by the invitation extended to him by PM Narendra Modi Thursday morning to join the Swachh Bharat campaign, Congress leader Shashi Tharoor said he felt “honoured” to be invited but said the drive must not be mere “tokenism”.
Tharoor was among the nine people Modi said he had invited to work towards Clean India. Active on Twitter and never the one to shy away from speaking his mind, Tharoor did not acknowledge or respond to the invitation till late evening. In a series of tweets in the evening, Tharoor clarified he had been travelling and came to know of the invitation only after his flight landed.
“Honoured to accept the invitation of PM @narendramodi to join Clean India campaign. Just landed in Bucharest & heard d (the) news. Action on return,” he tweeted.
“Informed @PMOIndia (Prime Minister’s Office) I was on a flight to Romania to attend&address #BucharestForum when his announcement came. Back Sunday. Clean India is4all,” another tweet said.
“I am not a fan of tokenism. CleanIndia is a great campaign but challenge will be2sustain it beyond a week of photo ops. Mindsets must change,” he said.
The Congress, meanwhile, sought to downplay Modi’s invitation to Tharoor. Former minister Rajiv Shukla said being invited for a government event should not lead to any conclusions about “Tharoor inching towards the BJP”. “Why should we be surprised about it? There are a lot many things, which every government has to do and the Opposition has to cooperate… Government and Opposition together do a lot many things,” he said.

Brent bounces off 27-month low towards $94"I think the market is being complacent about the risks. There's no premium that's being worked into the price and that sort of worries me."
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE: Brent crude futures rose towards $94 a barrel on Friday after a three-day slide pulled prices to their lowest since 2012, but the overall tone remains bearish, amid ample supply.
The crude benchmark is set to end lower for the fourth week in five, having fallen more than 15 per cent this year as global supplies have remained high despite conflict in the Middle East.
"I think the market will continue to push prices lower because of concerns over the glut, but I think the market is (also) being complacent about the risks," said Jonathan Barratt , chief investment officer at Ayers Alliance in Sydney.
"I feel there's a lot of geopolitical risk out there and it could get worse."
The turmoil in Iraq sent Brent to a nine-month high of $115.71 a barrel in June, but prices have fallen since, with no disruptions to global oil supply and Libyan output even rising.
New tensions in the Middle East are cropping up, however. Turkey's parliament authorised the government on Thursday to order military action against Islamic State as the insurgents tightened their grip on a Syrian border town, sending thousands more Kurdish refugees into Turkey .
Brent for November delivery was up 33 cents at $93.75 a barrel by 0643 GMT. But the contract is down more than $3 for the week, having hit $91.55 on Thursday, its lowest since June 2012.
US November crude added 48 cents to $91.49 per barrel. It has lost around $2 this week, its steepest weekly fall in a month. It hit $88.18 in the previous session, its lowest point since April 2013.
NONFARM POSITIONING
Some investors may be betting on a softer US jobs number for September that could sap the dollar's strength and boost commodities, such as oil, said Ric Spooner , chief market analyst at CMC Markets .
"We might be seeing some positioning or buying as a defence against the risk of the nonfarm payrolls being skewed to the downside," said Spooner. A weaker greenback makes dollar-priced commodities cheaper for buyers using other currencies.
But economists polled by Reuters forecast that US nonfarm payrolls probably rose by 215,000 last month against 142,000 in August.
Some analysts say only a cut in output by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries may rescue oil prices as expectations rise that they will agree to do so at their meeting next month in Vienna .
While some OPEC countries are calling for supply cuts, however, other core members are betting winter demand will revive the market, suggesting the group is no closer to any collective steps.
"I think once we get down to $85-$90 for Brent, one would imagine that OPEC would be beginning to talk about tightening supply," said CMC Markets' Spooner.
Saudi Arabia's move on Wednesday to cut official oil sale prices (OSPs) to Asian customers helped to send prices sharply lower this week. The move was seen as a strong sign it is trying to compete for crude market share and keep markets well supplied.
But changes in Asia OSPs have tended in the past to be the result of demand for Saudi Arabian crude, not a driver of it, Morgan Stanley analysts said.
"We acknowledge other factors are at play that could change the historical relationship, but we do not see evidence that this latest adjustment is an effort to lift production, avoid production cuts, or punish other producers," the analysts said in a research note.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

How Hong Kongs umbrella revolutionaries shut down the government  at least temporarilyThe Future of Hong Kong
October 3, 2014
After a two-day holiday to celebrate the formation of the People’s Republic of China, today was supposed to be back-to-work time for many of Hong Kong’s civil servants. But protesters unhappy with last night’s message from chief executive CY Leung barricaded the government’s offices entirely this morning, forcing the city to declare another day off.
The government’s decision to close its offices delays a potentially violent conflict with the demonstrators, and buys it time ahead of what is expected to be a hot and rainy weekend that may erode protest crowds.
Protesters completely blocked the entrances to Hong Kong’s government building complex, which includes the chief executives’ office, central government offices and the legislative council complex.
Tap image to zoom
(Govt. of Hong Kong)
They used a combination of metal barricades and manpower several entrances. Here’s the pile of barricades held together with plastic-ties at one entrance to the Central Government Office:
Barricades still up in front of HK govt. HQ as workday starts (there is another entrance open) #OccupyCentral http://t.co/GDrZhhhhar —
Heather Timmons  (@HeathaT) October 02, 2014
“We’re going to protest until the government takes responsibility, until the chief executive resigns, and until we really have universal suffrage,” said a protester named Lucas, 24, who was stationed outside, wearing a raincoat and a mask.
A crowd surged around another other entrance to the central building, which was also barricaded with a pile of metal and plastic fence, faced off against a line of police with riot shields . Another crowd linked hands outside the entrance to the chief executive’s office (the picture on top).
As government employees started to get to work at 8am, protesters stopped them from entering the central government building, and also prevented police from removing the barricades. Groups of middle-aged men and women in business-casual outfits waited to get into the building stood far back from the black t-shirted protesters, some grimacing with frustration.
After several small but tense scuffles it became clear that the protesters wouldn’t budge. A government representative came out with a megaphone and announced that all public servants have the day off. Then the workers that had already entered the building were let out single-file:
Workers file out of Hong Kong govt HQ past protesters pic.twitter.com/S7eczXCCl8
— Heather Timmons  (@HeathaT) October 3, 2014
The blockade of the government building—which had been accessible during most of the protests, even as the main thoroughfare outside the complex was closed to vehicle traffic—clearly angered some of the workers. “Why do you have the right to protest and I don’t have the right to go to work?” one grey-haired woman who said she was a cleaner screamed at the protesters outside.
Hong Kong’s civil service employs over 162,000 people, but that includes everyone from public utility workers to police. These government offices house the city’s main administrative and political offices, including the health, labor, budget and education departments, which include thousands of people.
Protesters say they aren’t impressed by the government’s promise last night to send an emissary to speak to them, a promise that came without any set time or date. “At this moment, there’s been no news about meetings,” said Emily, a 25 year old protester who works in logistics. “We hope the government comes out to talk to us, but I don’t think they’ll keep their promise, because we all know the Communist Party.”
Share this:

Red carpet welcome: Govt may open LLP gate for foreign investorsForeign investment policy for Limited Liability Partnerships under review
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Oct 3, 2014, 12.39PM IST
Tags:
Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion
(LLPs have emerged as a preferred…)
NEW DELHI: The government is set to follow up on Prime Minister Narendra Modi's promise of rolling out the red carpet to foreign investors by allowing them to invest in sectors on the automatic route without prior approval through Limited Liability Partnerships or LLPs while sectors on the approval route could also be thrown open with some conditions.
"The foreign investment policy for LLPs is being reviewed. There is a need to align with the policy for companies," said a government official, privy to the development.
Modi, on his recent visit to the United States, reiterated his promise to foreign investors to provide a non-adversarial regime that would be minus the proverbial red tape. The NDA government , which took over in May, is holding consultations to further liberalise foreign direct investment (FDI) norms for the construction and development sector, after it threw open railways and eased rules for the defence sector.
LLPs have emerged as a preferred mode of investments owing to the flexibility they offer in terms of compliance and are a popular vehicle the world over especially for manufacturing, IT, hospitality, advertising and consultancy. The government is now looking at more structural cleaning up to remove unnecessary niggles that may be holding up foreign investors, for LLPs face multiple restrictions even as they are just another business organisations.
The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion is in advanced stage of discussions with ministries of finance and corporate affairs on an FDI regime for LLPs that will be on a par with that for companies.
FDI is not allowed in partnership firms.
The RBI has already given its goahead to the proposed move but wants disclosures about control and ownership in sectors that are on the approval route.
LLPs will have to disclose the interest of all partners when it seeks approval from the Foreign Investment Promotion Board, the official cited earlier said.
LLPs operating in sectors that allow 100% FDI on the automatic route, sans any conditions, may also be able to invest downstream.
India had in 2009 allowed LLPs, which are business organisations with lesser statutory requirements than companies.
However, foreigners have been allowed to use the structure only since 2011 with many restrictions. Foreigners can float LLPs only in sectors in which 100% FDI is allowed and that too with prior approval since the government wanted a calibrated opening up with regard to a new form of business organisation.
"The idea initially was to prevent any misuse," the official added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Corporate Affairs Min says simplifying procedures under new cos lawCorporate Affairs Min says simplifying procedures under new cos law
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 3:  
Making efforts to ensure smooth implementation of the new companies law, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs is working on simplifying procedures by way of notifications and circulars.
The Companies Act, 2013 – that replaces the nearly six-decade old law governing corporates in the country – came into effect from April 1.
Many stakeholders have raised concerns about certain aspects of the new Act and the Ministry – which is implementing this law – is taking steps to address the issues.
Corporate Affairs Secretary Naved Masood has said the Ministry is open to suggestions and feedback in understanding corporate needs.
“The Ministry is continuously working on simplifying procedures for smooth implementation of the new Companies Act, by issuing several notifications, and circulars on relevant provisions of the Act,” Masood has written in the latest issue of the Ministry’s monthly newsletter.
In recent weeks, the Ministry has come out with various circulars and notifications, including those related to Corporate Social Responsibility under the new Act.
Earlier in August, Minister of State for Corporate Affairs Nirmala Sitharaman had said that amendments to the new Act might not even be necessary if stakeholders feel relieved with changes being made in the rules.
In July, the Government had told Parliament that amendments to the Companies Act would be considered only if statutory orders and changes to rules do not address the practical difficulties in implementing the legislation.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

VCs put $1 billion into startups in 2014 on back of rising ecommerce dealsdeals
(Fund managers are pouring…)
MUMBAI: Venture capital investment in India has already breached the billion dollar mark this year-—with a few months still to spare-—signalling the growing attraction of a booming startups sector.
Fund managers are pouring money into consumer internet and technology firms that have cornered over half of the total deal flow this year. According to EY, there were 189 early-stage deals in the first nine months of 2014—total worth of Rs 6,764 crore, or $1.09 billion. This is significantly higher than deal flow for all of 2013, when there were 179 deals worth Rs 3,900 crore or $630 million.
As more Indians show a willingness to transact online, entrepreneurs are queuing up. Their ventures promise sky-rocketing growth, proving to be irresistible to venture investors.Indian online retail is expected to reach Rs 50,000 crore by 2016 from about Rs 12,000 crore in 2013.
"Over the past 18 months, the venture industry has begun to see several breakout companies driven by the significant growth and adoption of internet in India," said Niren Shah, managing director at NVP India.
NVP has backed firms like online classifieds player Quikr and furniture etailer Pepperfry, which have collectively raised nearly Rs 1,000 crore. Similarly, in the past quarter alone, taxi aggregators Ola and TaxiForSure raised a combined Rs 400 crore.
Realty portals like Commonfloor, Housing.com and IndiaHomes have also collectively raised over Rs 500 crore this year. Mobile recharge services company Freecharge has raised over Rs 200 crore, with rival PayTM also eyeing a mega round of financing.
Experts, however, believe inter et penetration, which will only increase with cheaper smartphones, is only one side of the coin. "More importantly, consumer behaviour pattern is also rapidly changing as they transact online, which makes the space quite attractive. Also there are increasing number of entrepreneurs coming into technology, consumer goods and healthcare, which underpins the India growth story," said Raja Lahiri, partner of Grant Thornton India.
EY's data on early-stage deals does not include large late-stage rounds of digital businesses like Flipkart, Snapdeal, Quikr, Make-MyTrip and Info Edge, among others. These would have collectively raised another $2 billion, or Rs 12,000 crore. These large rounds and mega valuations play a hand in boosting sentiment of early-stage investors.
In fact, venture investors are also backing startups in healthcare, education, financial services and food or agriculture ventures. This year, the likes of online test preparation portals Embibe and Toppr, financial services portals like Policybazaar and BankBazaar, agriculture equipment maker MITRA and supply chain firm Allfresh have all raised VC funding.
Some early-stage bets are showing increasing mark-up in valuations during follow-on rounds. "The belief is that large market leaders will create disproportionate value and those seem to the bets that investors are willing to back with large cheques," said Suvir Sujan, cofounder of Nexus Venture Partners, which was an early investor in etailer Snapdeal and logistics startup Delhivery.
"Startups, which used to come for funding three-four years after they were founded, are now coming in the first couple of years," said Rajesh Raju, MD at Bangalore-based Kalaari Capital. The VC has recently backed online travel startup TripHobo and jewel-lery etailer Bluestone. Entrepreneurs themselves have realised that it is a good time to raise capital.
"Investors realise that the Indian market is going through a once-in-a-lifetime change and digital will be the largest channel for distribution," said Adhil Shetty, founder of BankBazaar, which raised Rs 80 crore from Sequoia Capital earlier this year. The last time India saw such a boom was in 2007, when the total early stage investment just crossed $1 billion across 95 deals, according to data from EY.
But this time, capital is flowing to a lot more ventures. What could be a wet blanket, though, is global sentiment. "This trend of significant investments into internet is expected to continue in the next year driven by increased confidence of VC funds, strong growth, the coming-of-age of verticalised ecommerce companies and increased interest from overseas and strategic investors.However, any major declines in global tech markets could likely impact this trend adversely in India," said NVP's Shah.
 
Also new investors are now looking at deals in India, as they have funded similar businesses like ecommerce and online classifieds in markets like China. "I was in Hong Kong last week, and every other fund that I met had made a 6x returns on Alibaba in two and half years. Betting on that possibility again is definitely worth it," said Sandeep Murthy of Lightbox Ventures, whose portfolio includes Greendust and Zoomin.
But as the volume of dealmaking increases at the early stage, the ecosystem also needs to mature. "We are still not used to seeing significant mortality rates and company failing in India is a taboo. But in Silicon Valley it is celebrated, and this is a culture shift that we have to make as well," said Aashish Bhinde, executive director looking after digital media at investment bank Avendus Capital.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bollywood stars accept PMs Clean India inviteUpdated: October 3, 2014 13:40 IST
Bollywood stars accept PM’s ‘Clean India’ invite
PTI
Tweet
PTI Actor Salman Khan tweeted on Thursday accepting Prime Minister Modi's 'Clean India' campaign. File Photo
PTI Prime Minister Narendra Modi, flanked by Union ministers Venkaiah Naidu and Nitin Gadkari and actor Aamir Khan, reads out the Clean India pledge at the launch of the 'Swachh Bharat Mission' on Thursday.
TOPICS
celebrity
Bollywood superstar Salman Khan has accepted Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ‘Swachh Bharat’ challenge to clean public places.
Mr. Modi on Thursday appealed to people to dedicate 100 hours a year towards cleanliness, and as a part of which he also invited Bollywood stars Salman, Priyanka Chopra and Kamal Haasan to help clean public places.
The 48-year-old ‘Dabangg’ star took to Twitter to accept the PM’s invite. “Me and my Foundation accept the invite from our honourable Prime Minister for Swachh Bharat and will give our 100 per cent for My Clean India,” he tweeted.
Me & my Foundation accept the invite from our honourable Prime Minister for Swachh Bharat and will give our 100% for #MyCleanIndia
— Salman Khan (@BeingSalmanKhan) October 2, 2014
Priyanka Chopra also showed her support for the cause on Thursday by tweeting, “I humbly accept respected Prime Minster Narendra Modiji’s challenge. This is an idea that is long overdue CleanIndiaCampaign.
I humbly accept respected Prime Minster Narendra Modiji's challenge. This is an idea that is long overdue #CleanIndiaCampaign @PMOIndia

Optical Transceivers Market Shares and Strategies 2014 to 2020 Worldwide AnalysisThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Anti-dumping duty imposed on phenol imports from U.S.  Chinese TaipeiAnti-dumping duty imposed on phenol imports from U.S., Chinese Taipei
K. R. Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct. 3:  
The Finance Ministry has imposed definitive anti-dumping duty on Phenol imports from the United States and Chinese Taipei.
This duty-- effective from May 16 this year-- will be valid for a period of five years, the revenue department has said.
Phenol is a basic organic chemical used in plywoods, laminates, particle boards, pharmaceuticals and phenyl formaldehyde resins.
The revenue department move follows the Designated Authority in the Commerce Ministry recommending in August this year the imposition of definitive anti-dumping duty on imports of Phenol from the U.S. and Chinese Taipei.
The petition seeking anti-dumping duty on phenol imports from these two countries was filed by Hindustan Organic Chemicals Limited.
The anti-dumping duty imposed ranged from $ 46.24 per tonne to $ 196.24 per tonne depending on the producer and the country of export.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Vishal Bhardwajs Haider to get banned inPakistanPress Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: October 3, 2014 2:07 pm
Amid reports that Vishal Bhardwaj’s Kashmir-based drama ‘Haider’ may not get a release, the Pakistan’s censor board today said that the film is yet to come before them.
Dawn reported that the movie may not get the much-needed No Objection Certificate by the censor board.
The film, starring Shahid Kapoor, Tabu, Kay Kay Menon and Shradha Kapoor in key roles, is Bhardwaj’s adaptation of ‘Hamlet’ and is set in the Kashmir of 1995 when militancy was at its peak.
The newspaper cited sources saying that the film was previewed and sent to the censor board for approval. After watching it, the body decided not to go ahead with the release because of some controversial elements related to Kashmir.
However, when contacted, Zareef Abbasi, the spokesperson of Central Board of Film Censors in Pakistan, said ‘Haider’ has not been presented to them so far.
“The question of banning any film or allowing its screening arises after it is presented to the board,” he told PTI.
When contacted, the producers were unavailable for a comment.
‘Haider’ was slated for release on October 2 with ‘Bang Bang’, but while the shows for the Hrithik and Katrina starrer are scheduled in Pakistan, there was no information on the screening of ‘Haider’.
The newspaper said the distributors in the country had already anticipated that ‘Haider’ may not be released in Pakistan.
Earlier, Pakistan had banned the release of Salman Khan starrer ‘Ek Tha Tiger’ and Saif Ali Khan starrer ‘Agent Vinod’ because it had references to India’s external intelligence agency RAW.

Ashton Kutcher  Mila Kunis name their baby WyattIsabellePress Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 3, 2014 2:03 pm
Star couple Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis have named their newborn daughter Wyatt Isabelle.
The couple welcomed their first child on Tuesday at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, reported E! Online.
The 36-year-old actor posted snaps of eight kids on his website and asked the fans to guess, who Wyatt is among them.
“Mila and I would like to welcome Wyatt Isabelle Kutcher to the world. May your life be filled with wonder, love, laughter, health, happiness, curiosity, and privacy. Can you guess which one is ours, or does it really matter? All babies are cute,” he posted.
Kutcher also joked about people spying on the couple. “Here’s your baby photo. Well, one of them is. Now can the helicopter please stop hovering over our house, there is a baby sleeping inside! And she’s super cute,” he wrote on his Facebook page.
Kutcher started dating his 31-year-old ‘That ’70s Show’ co-star after finalising his divorce from actress Demi Moore in December 2013.
Kunis recently told W Magazine that she plans to take a year off of acting to become a full-time mother.

Six cost efficient ways to make your houseeco-friendlyIndo-Asian News Service | Posted: October 3, 2014 2:01 pm
Solar panels and temperature-regulating walls aren’t the only ways to make your house more eco-friendly. Save the planet without burning a hole in your pocket.
Good To Be Home magazine shares ways to conserve energy, reports huffingtonpost.com:
1)  Clean with vinegar: It’s a natural way to kill bacteria and germs.
2) Use a microwave: Less energy is used by a microwave oven than a conventional one.
Micro-wave (Source: Thinkstock Images)
3) Low energy appliances: Energy star qualified appliances use 10 to 50 percent less energy than standard models.
Low energy appliances: (Source: Thinkstock Images)
4)  Eco scents: Instead of chemicals and synthetic fragrances, opt for 100 percent essential oils and non-aerosol scents.
Eco scents (Source: Thinkstock Images)
5) Turn off tap: When brushing your teeth, don’t forget to turn off the tap.
Tap (Source: Thinkstock Images)
6) Get a spider plant: Place in the bathroom to purify air.
Spider Plant (Source: Thinkstock Images)

Salman Khan on Clean India campaign: Me and my Foundation accept the invite from our PrimeMinisterPrint
The actor, who is well associated with charity and social work and also runs his own trust called Being Human, took to Twitter to accept the invite by Narendra Modi.
Written by Apurva Singh , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:44 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 6:31 pm
Bollywood superstar Salman khan, who was nominated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi among nine people to spread the message of Clean India, has agreed to work towards cleaner India.
The actor, who is well associated with charity and social work and also runs his own trust called Being Human, took to Twitter to accept the invite by Narendra Modi.
Me & my Foundation accept the invite from our honourable Prime Minister for Swachh Bharat and will give our 100% for #MyCleanIndia
— Salman Khan (@BeingSalmanKhan) October 2, 2014
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday started a chain, nominating actors Salman Khan, Priyanka Chopra and Kamal Haasan, cricketer Sachin Tendulkar and industrialist Anil Ambani among nine people to spread the message of Clean India.
PM, launching the Clean India Campaign on Thursday, nominated nine eminent personalities to take forward his message to clean the nation.
These nine celebrities will not only have to take up cleaning campaigns to spread the message, but will have to nominate nine more people, starting a chain, similar to the ALS ice bucket challenge that recently went viral.
The Prime Minister also gave a call to launch a social media campaign with hash tag My Clean India.
Narendra Modi said pictures an videos of dirty places and their cleanup must be uploaded online.
The Clean India Campaign, launched by the Prime Minister Thursday, aims to clean up the country by October 2, 2019, the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.

Anti-Occupiers are tearing down protesters tents in Hong KongA pro-democracy student protester gets pressed by angry counter-demonstrators.(AP Photo/Wally Santana)
SHARE
Lily Kuo & Heather Timmons
October 3, 2014
HONG KONG—People opposed to the pro-democracy protests that have paralyzed Hong Kong for nearly a week took matters into their own hands this afternoon, in what appeared to be an organized attack on three different protest areas. The result was a series of chaotic scuffles involving protesters, their opponents, and police. Human rights group Amnesty International accused police of not protecting female students who claimed they were assaulted in the dense crowds .
The groups, predominantly male and middle-aged, tore down the makeshift tents that demonstrators have been using to take shelter from heavy rains, surrounded students, and sometimes physically attacked demonstrators. By nightfall, things had gotten worse, as crowds of people grew.
Some of the kids who got assaulted by these demented goons. #OccupyMongKok #OccupyCentral pic.twitter.com/z9s8WNan3Q
— Alex Hofford (@alexhofford) October 3, 2014
At a protest site in Mong Kok, a working class neighborhood where protesters have overtaken  Kowloon’s normally busy Nathan Road, crowds tore down tents and encircled protesters standing under the last Occupy tent on Nathan Road.
“They are pushing for democracy, but not supporting our democracy,” one man in a purple polo shirt, who said he was 50 years old and from the New Territories, told Quartz. “Transportation is bad, people can’t go to work. It is really inconvenient.” Several of the anti-Occupiers told Quartz they were from the New Territories, the area of Hong Kong north of Mong Kok.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Anti-Occupy Central protesters stand behind a police cordon on Nathan Road at a pro-democracy protest site in Mongkok, Hong Kong.(Reuters/Bobby Yip)
Police formed a loose line between protesters and the anti-protesters groups, but failed to stop several physical altercations.”Clear the area, Clear the area,” the anti-protester group chanted several times. Scuffles broke out as anti-protesters attempted to break through the police cordon to reach the protesters. In the afternoon, the anti-occupiers outnumbered the protesters who left one by one, to jeers and cheers from the crowd. But by early evening, supporters of the students swarmed the area, chanting “protect the students” and forcing the anti-protesters to leave.
“I think there was planning,” Frank Yau, a 21-year-old student at the protests, said. “They all came here at the same time. Something is going on.” Protesters yelled “Go back to China” at the anti-protest crowds, and “leave work, leave work,” insinuating that they had been paid to be there. You can see what’s happening in Mong Kok on TVB’s live feed camera (which may not work in some countries).
Some anti-occupiers insisted that they had not been paid to be there. Lau Lee Keung who lives in the New Territories said the occupation in Mong Kok had disrupted his commute home from the airport where he works.”I came on my own. No one paid me,” he said, showing Quartz his Hong Kong identity card to prove he had not been sent from mainland China to demonstrate. “I support the Hong Kong government,” said 51 year old Cheung Chiu Wan, who also showed his Hong Kong identity card.
Other residents didn’t believe the protest movement in Mongkok had interrupted their daily lives. “I don’t necessarily support the protesters, but I don’t think they are wrong. What they are doing is legal. It’s not a disruption,” said a 50-year-old local resident who works in publishing and asked not to give his name. “It’s actually nice. The air is fresh,” said David Chen, 35, who works at law firm nearby, referring to the lack of traffic all week.

Hong Kong protests make bankers fret over offshore yuan roleThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Narendra Modi beats many US politicians over Facebook fans  says New York TimesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Asian Games 2014: India beat Qatar  finish 5th involleyballIndia's Manidurai Naveen Raja Jacob spikes against Japan's Kunihiro Shimizuin in Incheon. India won against Qatar to finish at 5th place in the Asian Games on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Incheon | Posted: October 3, 2014 2:33 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 2:35 pm
India prevailed over Qatar 3-2 in a hard-fought contest to finish fifth in the men’s volleyball competition at the 17th Asian Games in Incheon on Friday.
In men’s 5th-6th place classification match at the Songnim Gymnasium, the Indians rallied to beat the Qataris 25-21 20-25 25-22 20-25 15-10 in a keenly contested match, which lasted an hour and 47 minutes.
The match swung from one end to another before India managed to have the last laugh. India finished with a total of 105 points as against 103 scored by their opponents.
The Indians started brilliantly and pocketed the first set 25-21 in 22 minutes, but Qatar got their act together soon to drew parity by winning the next one 25-20 to level the scores 1-1.
The Indians fought back to restore their lead by winning the third set 25-22 but failed to capitalise on the advantage.
They once again squandered the lead to let Qatar snatch the fourth game 25-20 and take the match to the decider.
In the deciding set, the Indians held on to their nerves to make it 15-10.
Gurinder Singh was the top-scorer with 20 points while Govindarajan Ramakrishnan Vaishnav, Naveen Raja Jacob Manidurai and Prabagaran scored 18 points each to help India post a victory on the penultimate day of the competition.
For Qatar, Ribeiro Renan was the highest scorer with 21 points to his credit.
The Indians fought back to restore their lead by winning the third set 25-22 but failed to capitalise on the advantage

BI wants IOA to resolve Sarita controversy w...BI wants IOA to resolve Sarita controversy with AIBA
PTI Oct 3, 2014, 02.35PM IST
Tags:
AIBA
(The body also applauded…)
NEW DELHI: Seeking to distance itself from the controversy surrounding L Sarita Devi's semifinal loss in the Asian Games, recently-elected Boxing India President Sandeep Jajodia today said the matter is for the IOA to resolve with world governing body AIBA.
"Boxing India is saddened by the developments involving Ms. Sarita Devi and the emotional outburst of the celebrated pugilist. We sincerely hope the matter will be expeditiously resolved by the IOA with AIBA in the best interest of the boxer, the sport and the country," Boxing India said in a statement.
A disconsolate Sarita had refused to accept her bronze medal at the podium to protest the semifinal loss to South Korean Jina Park. She is now facing disciplinary action from the AIBA and Jajodia said the matter needs to be resolved at the earliest.
"We are hopeful that the involved authorities, the IOA and the International Boxing Association (AIBA) shall judiciously resolve the matter, without compromising with the sports or sportspersons", said Jajodia.
The body also applauded the performance of M C Mary Kom for becoming the first Indian Woman boxer to bag a gold at Asian Games.
BI said it had no role in picking the squad for the Games.
"The Indian Boxing Contingent to Incheon Asian Games was selected by the Ad Hoc Committee formed by the IOA and consequently the Contingent was accompanied by IOA Officials to Asian Games at Incheon.
"Post the provisional recognition of Boxing India on 15.09.2014, the Ad hoc Committee is no longer engaged with managing the affairs of boxing in India as per the mandate of the AIBA," it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mutual Funds buy shares worth over Rs 4 000 crore in SeptemberMutual Funds buy shares worth over Rs 4,000 crore in September
PTI Oct 3, 2014, 01.31PM IST
Tags:
equities
(As per the latest data compiled…)
NEW DELHI: Improved market sentiment helped mutual funds pick up shares worth more than Rs 4,000 crore in September, making it the fifth consecutive monthly inflow.
Besides, they pumped in a staggering over Rs 23,000 crore in the debt market during the period.
The inflow in equities during the month followed net investment of close to Rs 6,000 crore in August, Rs 5,000 crore in July, Rs 3,340 crore in June and Rs 105 crore in May.
Prior to that, fund houses have been net sellers in the equity market since September last year, while they were net buyers of shares to the tune of Rs 1,607 crore in August 2013.
As per the latest data compiled by market regulator Sebi , Mutual Funds (MFs) purchased shares worth Rs 4,171 crore last month.
Industry experts attributed the inflows in equities to improvement in market sentiments, primarily due to the new government's reforms agenda.
Besides, retail participation in equity schemes has increased significantly in the last few months.
"The money in equities has been coming in the past few months and mostly in the second half of May after the General Election results," said a market expert.
Mutual funds collect money from investors and buy stocks , including IPOs (primary market) and bonds.
In the first eight months of 2014, MFs purchased shares worth over Rs 8,000 crore, while they pumped in a staggering Rs 4.6 lakh crore in the debt market.
MFs offloaded shares worth Rs 14,208 crore last fiscal, lower than Rs 22,749 crore offloaded in 2012-13.
The financial year ended March 31, 2014 also marked the fifth consecutive year of net outflows by mutual funds in the equities after pumping in a net amount of Rs 6,985 crore in the share market in 2008-09.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi shares Mann ki Baat  on All India Radio  appeals people to buy KhadiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

76 mn accounts hacked in August: JP Morgan Chase76 million accounts hacked in August, says JP Morgan Chase
IANS     New York   Last Updated: October 3, 2014  | 15:26 IST
Photo: Reuters
US banking giant JP Morgan Chase has issued updated information about a cyber attack which it suffered in August and that approximately 76 million current accounts and seven million small enterprises were affected.
In an official document presented before the US Security and Exchange Commission Thursday, the bank specified the type of data that was breached in the attack on the web and mobile application of JP Morgan   Chase & Co .
The information accessed by the hackers included names, addresses, telephone numbers and e-mail addresses of its clients, as well as internal information of the company.
However, the bank has not yet registered evidence of this data theft affecting the number of accounts, access codes, identity card numbers, dates of birth or social security numbers.
Although the investigations continue, the bank has not had any proof yet showing that a fraud related to this data theft has occurred, but they have been calling their clients to inform them if they face any irregularity.
"The company continues to monitor and control the situation and investigate the matter. Also, the bank is completely cooperating with all the investigative government agencies," the document said.
JP Morgan Chase was one of the five American entities victimised by an attack, the purpose of which is still unknown and which remains subject to a thorough investigation.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation has been trying to determine the origin of such a sophisticated cyber attack and if the motive was economic or part of an intelligence operation.
"Companies of our size unfortunately experience cyber attacks nearly everyday. We have multiple layers of defence to counteract any threats and constantly monitor fraud levels," said Patricia Wexler, JP Morgan spokesperson.
The American banking sector has been a target of frequent hacking in the last few years, and most of the attacks had an economic motive. That is why this case, which does not seem to be of the same profile, has caused special concern to the authorities.

Test cricket is slowly going to fizzle out  says AndrewStraussFormer England captain Andrew Strauss is cynical about the future of Test match cricket. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | London | Posted: October 3, 2014 2:57 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 3:01 pm
Former England captain Andrew Strauss has said the skewed distribution of power among the India-led big three in ICC can lead to a situation in future when the “rich will only get richer and the poor poorer”.
Following the revamp in International Cricket Council, India, England and Australia now effectively runs the game’s apex body with the Asian giant being the wealthiest of the three boards on account of the massive interest cricket generates in the country.
“India can argue that they bring the most money into the game, and thus deserve more out of the precious ICC broadcasting rights, but skewing the distribution of the three boards that are already the most financially secure can only create a situation in which the rich get richer and the poor poorer,” Strauss said.
Strauss made his prediction in the upgraded paperback edition of his autobiography, ‘Driving Ambition’, published on Thursday.
Strauss feared that the Test cricket could “fizzle out” in the face of competition from Twenty20 tournaments such as the Indian Premier League.
“With only 10 teams playing Test cricket and four of those already struggling to stay competitive, the risk of the game degenerating to the extent that the result of many Test series is a foregone conclusion is both high and real,” Strauss wrote.
One of England’s most successful captains having led the country to two Ashes triumphs, Strauss added: “I can’t help feeling that we have already reached the tipping point as far as Test cricket is concerned.
“The teams will keep playing each other over the next eight years, but aside from iconic series like the Ashes or England v India, I fear that the game is slowly going to fizzle out as a mainstream attraction, especially away from the ‘big three’ nations.”
Strauss, who captained England in 50 of his 100 Tests, highlighted how viewing numbers for county T20 games now rival the five-day matches.
“Being at Headingley to watch the Test between England and Sri Lanka, and hearing that there was a bigger crowd at Lord’s to watch MCC v Hertfordshire, tells a story itself.
“Watching a Test match between the West Indies and New Zealand in an empty stadium with no more than a handful of spectators in attendance sends out warning signals.
“Seeing that the viewing figures for a county Twenty20 game rival those for a Test match adds to the growing perception that Test cricket is in crisis,” he said.
Considering the growing interest in the slam-bang format, the ex-England opener feels there will soon come a situation when the majority of players are contracted to T20 franchises with countries having to request their release.
“It is not a huge stretch of the imagination to see a situation in which most players will be contracted to franchises and play the majority of their cricket in the
Twenty20 format.
“It will not happen for a while, as the international boards continued…
At Headingley to watch the Test between England and Sri Lanka, and hearing that there was a bigger crowd at Lord's to watch MCC v Hertfordshire, tells a story itself.

RSS chief Mohan Bhagwats speech covered just like a news event:DoordarshanPrint
 RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat speaks during the Vijay Dashmi function at RSS headquarters in Nagpur on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 2:48 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 2:57 pm
Amidst a controversy over the national broadcaster telecasting live a speech of RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat, Doordarshan on Friday said it was covered like any other news event and no special arrangements had been made.
“It was just like a news event to us. So we covered it,” Doordarshan’s DG (News) Archana Dutta said, after the DD’s hour-long live telecast of an RSS function for the first time came under attack from Congress and the Left which accused the government of misusing the state broadcaster.
She said that there was “no special arrangement” that had been made for the event and one of the several Digital Satellite News gathering vans (DSNG) that the broadcaster has in Maharashtra for coverage of the state elections was used for the event.
“We have several DSNG vans in Maharashtra and one such van was used for Nagpur,” Dutta said.
BJP has defended the telecast with party leader Shaina N C saying that the RSS is only a nationalist organisation which believes in ‘India first’ and the country above the interest of any individual.
“I am glad that this speech has been highlighted and people realise that if there is one cadre in the country today that has genuinely contributed to patriotism and nation- building, it is the RSS,” she said.
Congress spokesman Sandeep Dikshit termed the hour-long telecast as a “dangerous tradition”, saying RSS is a controversial religious and political organisation.
Condemning the live broadcast, CPI(M) said, “The RSS uses the occasion propagate its Hindutva ideology. The national public broadcaster has no business to telecast live the speech of the chief of an organisation like the RSS.” The CPI also condemned the live telecast.
BJP defended the telecast with party leader Shaina N C saying that the RSS is only a nationalist organisation.

76M households  7M small businesses hit by JPMorgan databreachPrint
Associated Press | Los Angeles | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:52 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 3:12 pm
A huge cyberattack against JPMorgan Chase & Co. this summer compromised customer information for about 76 million households and 7 million small businesses, the bank said Thursday.
JPMorgan Chase said that names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses were stolen from the company’s servers, but only customers who use the websites Chase.com and JPMorganOnline and the apps ChaseMobile and JPMorgan Mobile were affected.
The New York-based bank said there’s no evidence that the data breach included account numbers, passwords, Social Security numbers or dates of birth. It also said it has not seen any unusual customer fraud stemming from the data breach.
JPMorgan Chase, the nation’s biggest bank by assets, has been working with law enforcement officials to investigate the cyberattack.
The bank discovered the intrusion on its servers in mid-August and has since determined that the breach began as early as June, spokeswoman Patricia Wexler said.
“We have identified and closed the known access paths,” she said, declining to elaborate.
She also declined to comment on whether JPMorgan has been able to determine who was behind the cyberattack on its servers.
In response to the data breach, the company has disabled compromised accounts and reset passwords of all its technology employees, Wexler said.
In a post on its Chase.com website, the bank told customers that it doesn’t believe they need to change their password or account information. It also noted that customers are not liable for unauthorized transactions when they promptly alert the bank.
The breach is yet another in a series of data thefts that have hit financial firms and major retailers.
Last month, Home Depot said that malicious software lurking in its check-out terminals between April and September affected 56 million debit and credit cards. Michaels and Neiman Marcus also have been attacked by hackers in the past year.
A data breach at Target in December compromised 40 million credit and debit cards. TJX Cos.’s theft of 90 million records, disclosed in 2007, remains the largest data breach at a retailer.
Last year, four Russian nationals and a Ukrainian were charged in what has been called the largest hacking and data breach scheme ever prosecuted in the United States. They were accused of running a hacking organization that penetrated computer networks of more than a dozen major U.S. and international corporations over seven years, stealing and selling at least 160 million credit and debit card numbers, resulting in losses of hundreds of millions of dollars.
Heartland Payment Systems Inc., which processes credit and debit cards for businesses, was identified as taking the biggest hit in a scheme starting in 2007, the theft of more than 130 million card numbers at a loss of about $200 million. Global Payment Systems, another major payment processing company, had nearly 1 million card numbers stolen, with losses of nearly $93 million, according to prosecutors.
The Chase heist is even more disturbing than the recent retail breaches because banks are supposed to have fortress-like protection against intruders, said Gartner security analyst Avivah Litan.
“This is really a slap in the face of the American financial services system,” continued…

Is it time to walk awayHow to quit a job you loathe
Murugan Pandian, project efficiency expert at St Joseph’s Hospital Health Center
“Do you ever ask yourself why you are still going to the job that you hate every day? You probably have reluctantly accepted it as being part of your daily life. You might also be thankful that you at least have a job and it pays the bills,” wrote Pandian in his post Why you need to quit the job that you hate .
But, wrote Pandian, don’t give into those thoughts. “If you are uninspired by your job, then my advice to you is to quit,” he wrote.
Why not stick it out? Because, he wrote, if you spend so many hours at something you loathe, "it is going to impede your ability to do your best work.”
As much as you try to hide it, others likely know you are disengaged. That hurts your relationships with colleagues. “If you do not have a mentor or people to advocate for you at your current job, then it is going to be very hard to grow professionally,” Pandian wrote.
Of course, it’s best to have another job or opportunity lined up before you tender your resignation, right? Not always.
“People will always say don't quit your job before you get the next one lined up. It is true that being employed when looking for the next gig does help tremendously,” he wrote. “However, if you are that miserable then sometimes it helps to quit, reassess your priorities in life and then come up with a more creative job hunting strategy.”
But, don’t worry if you’ve been at a position only a short time when you leave, he wrote. “Do not worry about what others might think, because you are doing what is best for your career. At the end of the day, no one is going to care about how long you were at a particular job,” Pandian wrote.
Nicola Roark marketing consultant at Exhilaration Marketing
“The best decision I ever made was when I was 32. I decided to abandon a job I enjoyed at a point when I was finally getting noticed, get on a plane when seven and a half months pregnant and have my baby in England,” wrote Roark in her post When to Turn Your Back on Your Career . “I did this so that I could be with my parents while my mum was dying.”
Roark had wrestled with the decision for months as she pursued her career in Colorado in the United States. Then her mother’s health took a turn for the worst.
“I didn’t feel panic about the decision because I knew that was where I needed and, more importantly, wanted to be,” she wrote.
Of course, quitting one’s job and living at home temporarily with a parent — financial suicide to some — isn’t something that can usually be done on a whim. But, wrote Roark when it matters, it’s the right choice. “If you find yourself consumed by your career identity… I will tell you that it means nothing,” she wrote.
“It would have been easier financially and professionally to stay with my job and go only when I received the inevitable call that we were in the final stretch,” she wrote. “Was it the best decision for my career? I’ll never know and honestly, I don’t care… (It) continues to be the best decision I ever made.”
To comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Capital, head over to our  Facebook page or message us on Twitter .

With crude at 92 usd  private refiners like essar and reliance are min...Platinum Member
23 Followers
As per information from a reliable source - in response to my query as to why Essar Oil delisting is not being declared - the following Info has been available :
RUIAs have encountered difficulty in getting thru` the de-listing plan as some Institutional Investors (mostly DIIs,including,probably, LIC also) have taken up the issue with Regulatory Authorities against such unethical prctice of the cheaters RUIAs indulging, repeatedly, in their habitual nasty game of duping the investors by getting the scrip delisted just on the verge of imminent growth prospects - as has been already done by them in case of Essar Steel. AND the Authorities and concerned department of GOI are understood to have reckoned the issue as a fit case to be looked into. As such, being uncertain about the delisting, the bloody cheaters RUIAs are,in the mean time, have resorted to the nasty game of keeping the share price suppressed much below the fair price and grabbing as many shares as possible from the gullible,in-experienced minor investors by creating panic thru` hoards of paid swines and vultures planted on this board.
If the nasty game-plan of de-listing fails, the price of Essar Oil - given the imminent tremendous growth prospects of OMCs - will fly thru` the roof and reach the level above 300 within 3-4 months.
impatient.

Please ignore my previous posting as there is a small mistake in readi...Gold Member
32 Followers
Rs.269 Cr amortized in 2012-13 and we should know about amortization in the year 2013-14 from the Annual Report once amended and resubmitted with CARE for re-rating of credibility. The intangible fixed asset is 2000 cr in 2012-13 which need to be amortized in 10 years. Yearly depreciation will be 200 cr. for intangible fixed asset which is not yet reflected in the books. Presently it is as 31Cr. Probably Venus is catching more fish which can not be sold out. Any rating agency will definitely grade this company as defaulter as money borrowed to be repaid. We may not exect the company to show any profit in future as some of the products where cost is amortizedd, are launched which attract depreciation. This business needs atleast 1000 Cr. sales in future otherwise it is not possible to pay salary to the employees and operation losses and negative operating cash is visible and anticipated.
2.53 PM Oct 3rd

The major problem with tata steel their consolidated debt and dependen...Silver Member
3 Followers
i feel co has sufficient reserves to take care of its debt.further,no fresh capex is reqd.co has already reduced its debt and focussed on reducing it further.only pt of worry is unstable or weak ferrous prices.it has been battered for not so serious reasons.in our market prices of so many good stocks def logic.what should go up,goes down and looks content at such levels.while others shoot up for no reason.explained away on future outlook being so promising.tata steel has got unfair treatment by the market.

Be a source of energy for others: Nadellas lesson for Indias youthCalling it the most nervous speech of this trip, Nadella said: "The energy is palpable, the optimism is palpable, the confidence is here to be seen... I have been able to get that sense." (Source: Microsoft)
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 8:09 pm
“The energy that you create around you is going to be the most important attribute you bring to others,” Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella told a hall full of students, and thousands more who were listening in on a live stream, on the second day of his first visit to India after taking over one of the largest tech corporations in the world.
“I do believe in the long run EQ (emotional quotient) does trump IQ (intelligence quotient). For without the ability to be a source of energy for the others very little can be accomplished,” he said, sharing his life’s learning with the youth of India at an event also attended by Human Resource Minister Smriti Irani.
Nadella was also nostalgic, remembering the time he spend in Delhi as a child. He said it was a lecture by Nobel price winner Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar he heard in the city that inspired him the most then.
Calling it the most nervous speech of this trip, Nadella said: “The energy is palpable, the optimism is palpable, the confidence is here to be seen… I have been able to get that sense.” He told the students that the opportunity in front of them was unparalleled. “It really comes down to the ingenuity of the human capital in this country in terms of what it is that you are going to shape and change.” He said it is no longer one field of engineering as most of the most of the opportunity and change was being created by people from diverse backgrounds coming together to innovate. “It is this multidisciplinary approach to innovation that is going to shape and change what you will do and create,” he told the students to thunderous applause.
Nadella said we are going through a massive technological shift, “a mobile-first, cloud-first world”. “But it is not the device that is mobile, it is you who is mobile,” he added.
Also stressing the need to be an academic throughout, he said the constant quest to learn has shaped him the most in his journey. He summed it up by saying that you have to fall in love with your work and find meaning in what you do. Nadella quoted Mahatma Gandhi to drive this message in: “Live everyday as if it is your last day and learn as if you will live for ever.”

HAL carries-out maiden flight of LCATejas series productionHAL carries-out maiden flight of LCA–Tejas series production
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, October 1:  
First of the Light Combat Aircraft (LCA) Tejas built to series production standard successfully completed its maiden flight, piloted by Air Cmde K A Muthana, (Retd) Chief Test Flying, HAL.
“This could be achieved within nine months after receiving the IOC certification in December 2013 and within one year after receiving the build standard documents”, said R K Tyagi, Chairman, HAL. “The aircraft is now ready for IAF operations”, he added.
Tyagi also congratulated HAL engineers, technicians and other staff involved in this project. The other series aircraft are in various stages of ‘build’ in the fully equipped production line at HAL factory at Bangalore.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Happy New Year team returns to MumbaiHappy New Year team is back
After a successful tour SRK, Deepika and the crew of Happy New Year are back in Mumbai.
Farah Khan, Deepika Padukone, Shah Rukh Khan, Abhishek Bachchan, Sonu Sood Vivaan Shah and Boman Irani are back in Mumbai after wooing everyone abroad.
1 / 21
Yahoo India Movies | Photo by Yogen Shah
Wed 1 Oct, 2014 11:30 AM IST

On Gandhi Jayanti  PM Modi pays tribute at Rajghat and Vijayghatpicture  others
On Gandhi Jayanti, PM Modi pays tribute at Rajghat and Vijayghat
Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Rajghat pays tribute to Mahatama Gandhi on his 145th birth anniversary in New Delhi. (Source: Express photo by Anil Sharma)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi bows and pays homage to Mahatama Gandhi. (Source: Express photo by Anil Sharma)
Narendra Modi takes his place, while former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh looks on. (Source: Express photo by Anil Sharma)
Manmohan Singh and Union minister V K Singh at Rajghat to pay tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 145th birth anniversary. (Source: Express photo by Anil Sharma)
Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu greets Congress president Sonia Gandhi at Rajghat. (Source: Express photo by Anil Sharma)
Sheila Dikshit was also present at the Rajghat. (Source: Express photo by Anil Sharma)
Union Minister V K Singh, Lok Sabha speaker Sumitra Mahajan and Nripendra Mishra, Principal Secretary to PM at Rajghat paying tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 145th birth anniversary. (Source: Express photo by Anil Sharma)
A lookalike of Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat. (Source: Express photo by Anil Sharma)
Later, Modi went to Vijayghat to pay tribute to Lal Bahadur Shastri on his 110th birth anniversary. (Source: Express photo by Amit Mehra)
Narendra Modi with other ministers from his cabinet at Vijayghat. (Source: Express photo by Amit Mehra)
Sonai Gandhi also paid homage to the freedom fighter at Vijayghat. (Source: Express photo by Amit Mehra)
She was accompanied by Manmohan Singh. (Source: Express photo by Amit Mehra)
Related

Hong Kong - what nextShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Hong Kong protests #4: what next for demonstrators?
Oct 1, 2014 : Protesters are lining the streets of Hong Kong, staging a carnival-like sit-in to demand universal suffrage and the resignation of CY Leung, the city’s chief executive. David Pilling, FT Asia editor, looks at how things may change in the coming days.

Make yourself interesting  learn about wineOctober 2, 2014 12:49 am
Make yourself interesting, learn about wine
By Mrs Moneypenny
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/339987fa-4887-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

FDI in telecom jumps manifold to $ 2.33 billion in April-Julyeconomy, business and finance
After registering a huge decline in the recent past, foreign direct investment in the telecom sectorgrew manifold to USD 2.33 billion in the first four months of 2014-15.During the entire 2013-14 fiscal, the sector hadreceived a total FDI of USD 1.3 billion.
FDI in the telecom sector, which includes radio paging, cellular mobile, basic telephone services, attracted only USD 12 million during April-July period of the last fiscal, as per the Department ofIndustrial Policy and Promotion.According to an industry expert, payment of spectrum auction and investments in network rollout are some of the factors that have helped attract more FDI in the sector.
In 2011-12, 2010-11 and 2009-10,the sector attracted FDI worth USD 1.99 billion, USD 1.66 billion and USD 2.55 billion respectively.Increase in the foreigninvestment inflows in the sector helped the overall FDI, which increased by 52 per cent to USD 10.73 billion during April-July this fiscal.
Other sectors that received large FDI inflows during the first four-months of the current fiscal include services (USD 1.03billion), Pharmaceuticals (USD 886 million) and construction (USD 430 million).
During the period, India received maximum FDI from Mauritius (USD 3.38 billion), Singapore (USD 1.66 billion), the UK (USD824 million) and Japan (USD 834 million).

Infosys launches new reconciliation solution for banksInfosys launches new unified reconciliation solution for banks
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 2, 2014  | 19:30 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Infosys, the country's second largest software services firm , on Thursday launched a new solution to help banks simplify transaction reconciliation processes.
Infosys Transaction Reconciliation Solution (ITRS) is a unified solution that helps banks automate and centralise their reconciliation across multiple channels, reduces costs by offering simple, easy-to-use tool for bank employees to perform reconciliation tasks and functions, the IT services provider in a statement.
With automation and optimisation, the solution helps reduce the need for manual interaction and increases performance through auto-matching and straight through processing, Infosys added.
With global spend on reconciliation expected to reach US $1.27 billion by 2017, banks are increasingly looking for automated solutions.
A unified reconciliation solution such as ITRS helps banks efficiently while meeting the regulatory needs, the company said.
The solution is capable of processing up to 50 million transactions per hour and reduces 15 to 50 per cent of time taken to on-board reconciliation tasks.
"A well-planned reconciliation helps banks reduce risks emanating from disparate systems and processes or manual interventions," Infosys Executive Vice President and Head of Financial Services Mohit Joshi said.
Lack of a centralised, automated system could lead to expensive rework of reports and delays in account settlement.
ITRS draws on our extensive experience of serving the evolving technology needs of global banks, he added.

Warren Buffett is buying stocks this weekWarren Buffett is buying stocks this week
By Jesse Solomon   @JesseSolomonCNN October 2, 2014: 12:41 PM ET
 
Warren Buffett in 90 seconds
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Warren Buffett's most famous quote is "be fearful when others are greedy and greedy when others are fearful." He's still living by that motto.
The legendary investor said Thursday that he bought stocks during Wednesday's 238 point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average .
"I like buying it as it goes down, and the more it goes down, the more I like to buy," the 84 year-old Buffett said during an interview with CNBC. Though he wouldn't specify which companies he bought, he claimed they were "names you'd recognize."
Related: Coke cuts exec pay after Buffett criticism
But while Buffett noted that Wednesday's selloff "helped" in his decision to buy, he insisted that he would have purchased those stocks regardless of how the overall market performed that day.
"If you told me that the market was going to go down 500 points next week, I would have bought those same businesses and stocks yesterday," he said. "I don't know how to tell what the market's going to do. I do know how to pick out reasonable businesses to own over a long period of time."
Buffett's comments come as investors become increasingly nervous about stocks. Rich valuations, ISIS, Ebola, Europe's economy, and protests in Hong Kong are all making them feel particularly vulnerable.
CNNMoney's Fear & Greed Index , an exclusive indicator designed to measure market sentiment, has been in Extreme Fear mode since September 22. The Dow and S&P 500 are both down around 3% from their record closes in mid-September.
Still, Buffett is staying the course. The billionaire said in the CNBC interview that with the exception of some utilities companies, the pension funds Berkshire manages for its portfolio businesses are invested 100% in stocks.
And as always, Buffett advised investors to only invest in companies they know.
"If you don't invest in things you know, you're just gambling basically," he said.
In addition to adding stocks to his portfolio, Buffett announced that his conglomerate Berkshire Hathaway inked a deal Wednesday to acquire the Van Tuyl Group, a privately held auto dealership chain with 78 locations in 10 states and $8 billion in annual revenue.
First Published: October 2, 2014: 11:34 AM ET
Most Popular

Hong Kong teacher flies 3K miles to protestHong Kong resident travels 3,000 miles to fight for democracy
By Sophia Yan   @sophia_yan October 2, 2014: 6:49 AM ET
 
Hong Kong protesters: young and rebellious
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
How far are Hong Kong residents willing to go in their stand for democracy?
For Jennifer Moberg, the answer is nearly 3,000 miles. After hearing from friends that pro-democracy protests in the city were escalating and that police were using tear gas on protesters, she immediately decided to return from Afghanistan, where she is working as a music teacher.
"The crazy part about that is that Sunday was also the inauguration of Afghanistan's new president," Moberg said.
"I just couldn't understand how I could be in one of the most dangerous countries on the planet, watching a peaceful transfer of power, while at the same time, Hong Kong -- one of the most peaceful, stable, organized places in the world -- was in protest," she said.
"At that point, I thought -- well, I have to come back."
Moberg lobbied for a few days off from work, and flew out the following day to join other Hong Kongers on the streets.
"I want to vote [in Hong Kong]," she said. "[We should] be able to pick our own leader."
Hong Kong resident Jennifer Moberg took time off work in Afghanistan to join the protests.
Related: Police use tear gas as 'Occupy' comes to Hong Kong
Hong Kong's pro-democracy movement exploded last weekend as huge crowds of students flooded the city's main business district , and blocked several key arteries in the city.
Heavy-handed police action against them Sunday brought even more people into the streets. Protesters want free and open elections, while Beijing has proposed a system that will allow it to basically screen candidates for the city's top office.
Moberg, 34, a violin teacher, moved to Hong Kong from the U.S. nearly nine years ago. She has since founded a music academy in the city, and received her permanent residency, which allows her to live and work here without a temporary visa. Last month, she started a year-long stint teaching at the only music school in Afghanistan .
Moberg landed in Hong Kong late Wednesday morning and was out on the streets within a few hours, wearing yellow pants and twirling a yellow umbrella in a show of solidarity. The umbrella has quickly become a protest symbol after students used them to protect against pepper spray and tear gas.
It wasn't long before Moberg added yellow ribbons to her ensemble, and began chatting with other supporters while handing out protest stickers.
Related: Gallery: Why I'm protesting in Hong Kong
"I'm flabbergasted ... here are the students handing out crackers; this guy is handing out fans ; he's handing out water; there's a first aid tent over there," she said. "A girl walked by carrying a sign saying, 'Need translation? I can help.' "
Moberg marveled at the fact that she could walk down empty stretches of Hong Kong's main thoroughfares, which are normally packed bumper-to-bumper with traffic.
She said that securing true universal suffrage is the most important protest goal, but also expressed concern about Hong Kong's wealth gap and rising property prices. In recent years, a wave of buyers from mainland China have pushed home prices to extreme levels.
"There is a huge gap between the rich and the poor -- only wealthy people can buy a home," Moberg said. "It's not that poor people can't, it's also that regular [middle class] people can't -- it's hard to keep this place as your home if you can't own a part of it."
The contrast to Afghanistan was stunning, she said. In Kabul, she can't get groceries without protection; in Hong Kong, it's the total opposite -- "anything goes."
Related: Hong Kong protesters are so freaking nice
"They have democracy, but not safety; here we have safety, but no democracy," she said.
Although she is American by birth, Moberg now considers Hong Kong her home, and is proud of the freedom the city allows.
"Here is a place where you can be anything you want to be; there is no stigma attached to what you believe," she said. "As soon as I arrived here, I knew that this was the place for me."
First Published: October 2, 2014: 2:39 AM ET
Most Popular

Buffett admits huge mistake on TescoWarren Buffett admits Tesco investment ‘a huge mistake’
By John Aglionby and Andrea Felsted in London and Stephen Foley in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/27963a92-4a36-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wonga / Buffett and Tesco / Virgin MoneyWhen lender is Wonga no longer, moral ambiguity will relocate
By Jonathan Guthrie
Payday lender’s name may go – but only after it has achieved respectability
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/13b1e766-4a1c-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tescos perilous courseHubris has set Tesco on a course into perilous seas
By John Gapper
Highly successful companies often contain the seeds of their own destruction
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cbdbc2a4-43ea-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

I wont quit  says Hong Kongs hounded chiefPress Trust of India | Hongkong | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:27 am
Hong Kong’s embattled leader stood defiant tonight, rejecting demands to resign and sending his deputy to talk to pro-democracy demonstrators, as huge crowds rallied outside his government’s besieged headquarters for a fifth consecutive night.
Huge throngs who have shut down central areas of the city with mass sit-ins all week had set a midnight deadline for Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying to step down and for Beijing guarantee the former British colony full democracy. But moments before the deadline was set to expire, Leung appeared before reporters and flatly rejected those demands. “I will not resign because I have to continue with the work for elections,” he said, referring to upcoming polls in 2017 which are at the centre of the ongoing confrontation between demonstrators and the Beijing-backed city authorities.
But in a concession he said he would appoint Chief Secretary Carrie Lam to lead discussions with the Hong Kong Federation of Students, one of the multiple groups involved in the ongoing demonstrations. In August, China said Hong Kongers would be able to vote for their next leader but only two or three candidates vetted by a loyalist committee would be allowed to stand. Demonstrators have dismissed the decision as “fake democracy” and have vowed to keep people on the streets for as long as it takes.
Loud boos and jeers echoed across the main protest site as Leung’s words were relayed through a series of loudspeakers, reporters said. “I don’t think talking to Carrie Lam will solve the problem,” student protester Karen Man said. “We asked to talk to CY, not his deputy. We’re peaceful and he has nothing to be afraid of.”

Greenland coalition falls as PM stands downLast updated: October 2, 2014 5:49 pm
Greenland coalition collapses over allegations of misuse of funds
By David Crouch in Gothenburg
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0d149b0c-49fd-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Greenland deepens US ties  premier saysGreenland building closer US relations, prime minister says
By Philip Stephens
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e33f5bfc-a49b-11e3-b915-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The grab for GreenlandDecember 6, 2013 12:07 pm
The grab for Greenland
By Philip Stephens
The world’s great powers have the Arctic’s natural resources and trade routes in their sights
©Corbis
Nuuk, Greenland, at once capital city and village (population 16,000), was founded by Lutheran missionary Hans Egede 300 years ago
On a hill above the old harbour, Hans Egede braves biting winds to keep watch over the town he founded three centuries ago. Bearing the commission of King Frederick IV of Denmark, the Lutheran pastor pitched up in Greenland in 1721. He planned to bring the Reformation to Norse settlers in this vast, frozen territory. As Egede navigated the ice fjords, he discovered his European kin had long since left in search of more clement climes. Undeterred, he set about preaching the Protestant faith to the native Inuit, supplying Greenlandic with a Latin alphabet to promote study of the scriptures. Egede’s mission established itself in Godthab (Good Hope) on the southwest coast of the island. Church was soon followed by trade and later by the state. Denmark – then a European power with imperial ambitions – acquired a colony.
Greenland is once again catching the imagination of outsiders. International business executives and diplomats are retracing Egede’s journey. The rapid melting of the northern polar ice has set off something of a scramble for the resources buried below. By US estimates, the Arctic may hold 13 per cent of the world’s undiscovered oil and 30 per cent of its untapped gas as well as untold mineral resources. The London-based think-tank Chatham House talks of an Arctic “cold rush”. Greenland, a frozen and mostly empty sprawl of a country reaching up from the Atlantic to the Arctic Ocean, sees a chance to reclaim its pre-colonial identity. “I guess we are in the business of nation-building,” says Vittus Qujaukitsoq, the minister of economy in a government with its sights on independence.
More
Foreign policy in Germany
Egede’s statue stares across the ice-speckled harbour to a cluster of timber-framed buildings housing the National Museum. Greenland has wrested autonomy from Copenhagen, and visitors to the museum’s store of historic artefacts are left in little doubt about the colonial record. The hunting paraphernalia, furs, native art and wood-framed kayaks describing the harshness of polar life are accompanied by a commentary that excoriates the interlopers. Christianity and colonisation brought “crucial ruptures . . . in the lifestyle and thinking of the Inuit”. The “master race” corralled the indigenous people into new settlements to better supply Denmark with the spoils of sealing, whaling and fishing. The Inuit were robbed of their spiritual compass as well as their physical freedom. The museum records this story in Greenlandic and in English – not in Danish, until recently the country’s official language.
Daniel Thorleifsen, the quietly spoken curator, brushes off my suggestion of bias in his museum’s celebration of the ancient crafts of the Inuit alongside its distinctly cooler assessment of the modernity imported from Denmark. “We are telling the history correctly. How the exploitation happened. This is not a matter of opinion,” he says. The narrative of repression represents “a simple statement of fact”. This was a sentiment I heard often in Greenland, sometimes from those of Danish as well as Inuit heritage. These lingering anti-colonial resentments have fired nationalist ambitions. Now they are fusing with rising hopes that Greenland is in sight of an economic boom.
Greenlanders live in the more temperate coastal areas; the rest of its two million sq km are covered in ice
Isolated by Denmark, Greenland caught a brief glimpse of the outside world when Americans arrived during the second world war to deny Hitler’s Germany an Atlantic foothold. During its nuclear stand-off with the Soviet Union, Washington stationed bombers at Thule in the far freezing north. But for the most part, Greenland has been a place the rest of the world passed by. Air travellers might glance at the dazzling, ice-sculpted terrain while crossing the Atlantic. Bands of explorers and scientists ventured north to explore the high polar terrain or to drill deep into the ice core to trace the progress of climate change. Intrepid tourists marvelled at the icebergs spilling from its glaciers into the open sea. But Greenland’s frozen nothingness made international headlines only when its hunters and whalers rebelled against the save-a-seal environmentalism of the European Union.
Things are changing. Two of the big forces shaping the world’s geopolitical contours are global warming and the voracious appetite for raw materials of the world’s big emerging markets. Both converge on Greenland’s retreating ice-sheet. What happens next in the Arctic will touch the security and prosperity of the rest of the planet. “The world is paying attention to Greenland,” says Jens-Erik Kirkegaard, the government minister in charge of minerals and mining development, with more than a hint of satisfaction.
Climate change is remaking the Arctic, opening up new transpolar trade routes and offering tantalising sight of the energy and mineral resources beneath the unforgiving tundra. The impact is being felt in changing global weather patterns, migrating fish stocks and rising seas as far away as Asia and, crucially, in the calculations of the world’s great powers. Huge blocks of ice from Greenland’s glaciers spill into the Atlantic currents through the Kangia Fjord. The discovery of iron ore, zinc, gold and much else has attracted prospectors from as far away as Australia. Deposits of rare earth materials could challenge China’s grip on the global trade in the valuable metallic elements vital to today’s technological gadgetry. Greenlanders dream that the seabed beyond its northern coast might one day yield hydrocarbons to rival the riches on the slopes of Alaska. “Climate change,” Qujaukitsoq says, “is a new opportunity for Greenland.”
Greenland isn’t green. Not much of it, anyway. During the short summer a scattering of sheep peer down from the coastal hills to the ice floes below, but some 80 per cent of the two million square kilometres of territory (an area almost four times that of France) is sheeted with ice. The people – about 56,000 hardy souls at the latest count – mostly huddle together in small towns and settlements on the southwestern coastline. As the writer Sara Wheeler notes in her magnificent chronicle of the modern polar region, The Magnetic North, the country was given its name by Erik Thorvaldsson, more popularly known as Eric the Red. Arriving from Iceland during the 10th century, Erik had a 21st-century copywriter’s eye for marketing. “Gronland”, he thought, would conjure up images of fertile plains and draw in European settlers.
©Alban Kakulya
The Arctic’s melting ice is revealing natural resources and opening up new trans-polar trade routes
This part of the world has known big changes in climate before. Warming temperatures during the eighth and ninth centuries brought Inuit tribes from Alaska and northern Canada – the Thule – who displaced the now-disappeared Dorset peoples in the frozen north. The Norse settlers arrived in the more temperate south. By the 15th century, however, the mercury was falling again. The Norse disappeared, leaving behind the Inuit who, kept warm by the skins of their prey, could scratch a subsistence life by fishing or hunting whales, walruses, seals and musk oxen.
. . .
The latest change in the weather pattern is faster and more pronounced. Arctic temperatures have been rising twice as fast as elsewhere. The polar region has lost about three-quarters of its sea ice. This summer the White House published a US strategy for the region. The warming trend, it said, “is unlike anything previously recorded. The reduction in sea ice has been dramatic, abrupt, and unrelenting.” This had the potential “to transform global climate and ecosystems as well as global shipping, energy markets and other commercial interests”. The prospects were for the opening of hitherto unnavigable sea passages from Asia to Europe and from the Pacific to the Atlantic. The thaw could make accessible “vast quantities of mineral resources, including rare earths, emeralds, iron ore and nickel”.
Governments and businesses are beating a path to the Arctic’s door, hoping to tap into potential riches revealed by climate change
So Greenland finds itself at the heart of one of the 21st century’s big geopolitical games: the race to stake out territory and interests in the world’s last ungoverned space. One outcome may be a free-for-all in which competing states fight it out above and below the ice for control of trade routes and resources. Another, enshrined in the ambitions of the eight-nation Arctic Council, would see the creation of a unique structure of international co-operation charged with defusing tensions and safeguarding the unique ecology.
For now, there are pointers in both directions. The council – comprising the five Arctic Ocean littoral states of the US, Russia, Canada, Norway and Denmark (representing Greenland), along with Sweden, Finland and Iceland – started out as a body preoccupied with the environment, marine safety and the rights of indigenous peoples. More recently it has developed a broader political remit. The so-called Arctic Five have agreed that disputes about maritime boundaries will be settled peacefully under the terms of the United Nations convention on the law of the sea. The Scandinavian members of the council see a chance to create an unprecedented model of “preventative diplomacy”.
©AP
The Russian flag, seconds after being planted on August 2 2007
Whether such goodwill outlasts serious contact with conflicting claims to mineral resources and shipping rights is a tougher question. In 2007, Moscow dispatched a submarine to plant the Russian national flag below the North Pole, thereby underscoring its claim to vast tracts of the Arctic seabed. Norway, usually nothing if not avowedly multilateral, has strengthened its military forces in the Arctic region and hosts regular exercises for Nato troops in the high north. Normally placid Canada is boisterously nationalistic about its polar territory where it is embroiled in disputes with Washington about shipping rights in the Beaufort Sea. The US, which after the second world war tried and failed to buy Greenland from Denmark (in 1917 it had completed a similar transaction with Copenhagen to secure ownership of what are now the US Virgin Islands), has only quite recently woken up to the broader strategic significance of the Arctic. US secretaries of state, who had previously deputed their juniors to handle the region, now make a point of turning up at the regular ministerial gatherings of the Arctic Council.
©Getty
Icelandic PM Johanna Sigurdardottir with Chinese president Xi Jinping, April 2013
The power plays reach beyond governments with an obvious territorial stake in the region. China rebranded itself a “near-Arctic” state some time ago. After an intense diplomatic campaign – which Russia failed to scupper – Beijing has secured a seat as an observer on the Arctic. It has signed free-trade and economic agreements with financially beleaguered Iceland in what western governments see as an attempt to establish an Arctic staging post. “China wants to buy it,” says one western diplomat bluntly of Beijing’s courtship of Reykjavik. With an eye on potential mineral resources, Beijing may send up to 3,000 workers to open an iron ore mine in Greenland. All this stirs anxiety in Washington. “If China is paying attention,” a US official says, “we cannot afford not to.”
©Getty
John Kerry and Swedish PM Fredrik Reinfeldt at the Arctic summit, May 2013
The pace of change in the Arctic will be slower than imagined by some excited commentators. If chunks of Greenland’s glaciers now turn up as icebergs in the Caribbean, the polar region still has an awful lot of ice. China may have sent a cargo vessel to traverse the Arctic sea route above northern Russia – cutting weeks off the journey through the Suez Canal – but traffic is seasonal and negligible in comparison with traditional routes. It will be decades before the polar seaways challenge the Suez and Panama canals. Digging out minerals and pumping oil will be fraught with environmental and technical hazards. The terrain is inhospitable, communications difficult and mining operations expensive. The Inuit inhabitants of Alaska, Canada and Greenland are also determined to have their say.
Geopolitics does not wait for the future. Governments, businesses and NGOs are rushing to stake out ground. China has been joined as an observer on the Arctic Council by India, Singapore, South Korea, Japan and Italy – all states that consider they have an interest in access to new Arctic resources and trade routes. An international organisation that started out as a sleepy backwater for boffins and environmentalists has become an arena for strategic competition. Greenland’s politicians may soon enough discover that climate change poses as many risks as it holds promises for a nation that wants to reclaim a vanishing identity.
. . .
Danish Godthab, the capital, was renamed Greenlandic Nuuk in 1979 when Greenlanders demanded autonomy from Copenhagen. A home rule agreement in that year laid the foundations for a comprehensive self-government accord in 2009. This repatriated Denmark’s remaining powers over domestic policy, leaving foreign affairs and security to Copenhagen. Greenland took full control of its economy, including the mineral and hydrocarbon resources, while remaining, like the Faroe Islands (another former colony lying between Denmark and Iceland) part of the “Danish realm”. Fights with European environmentalists about seal and whale hunting and fishing rights had already prompted Greenland to quit the European Union, though Denmark remains an EU member.
©Getty
British Royal Marines train with Nato forces in Bardufoss, Norway, March 2013
Nuuk is at once a capital city and a village. The jumble of pretty clapboard houses rising up from the rocks above the harbour gives way to a sprawl of flimsy, badly worn apartment blocks that might have been designed by an architect of the Soviet school. This is not an elegant town. The 16,000 or so residents are served by a couple of small shopping centres, while a swelling band of business and diplomatic visitors converge on a single hotel. The city’s bars are often full – long, dark winter nights, high unemployment and a culture of living-for-the-moment make for a disturbing tradition of heavy drinking. Sisimiut and Ilulissat, the next largest population centres, each have about 5,000 residents. Most Greenlanders live in towns of a thousand or two. In the far north, a typical settlement is home to a hundred or less.
©National Geographic Creative
Canadian ice-breaker Louis S St-Laurent in the Beaufort Sea (part of the Arctic Ocean)
There are no roads connecting this scattering of communities. The ice and the distances preclude even rudimentary highways. A single vessel of the state-owned shipping line plies its trade up and down the western coastline each week but people and products mostly get around by plane and helicopter. Everything rests on the weather-defying feats of Air Greenland. Given the freezing weather, feats they are. Christian Keldsen, the airline’s chief commercial officer, showed me around the hangars at Nuuk airport as a group of engineers stripped down one of half a dozen Dash turboprops. The flying warhorses are built for tough conditions but the mechanics wielded their wrenches with surgical care. Everything is checked, double checked and then checked again, every nut and bolt scrupulously accounted for. The brutal conditions facing the pilots leave no room for mistakes.
An hour to the north, Kangerlussuaq serves as Air Greenland’s communications hub and the country’s lifeline to the outside world. Built by the Americans, the runway is one of only two long enough for long-range jets. For most of the year the airline runs a daily service to Copenhagen. A ramshackle cluster of shops and homes assembled in wood and corrugated steel stands in dismal relief to the dazzling mountains that rise from the runway. In winter, temperatures here drop below -40C. A rickety hotel beside the single terminal is a reminder that even the sturdiest of aircraft must sometimes bow to the forces of nature.
The precariousness of this life – the mainstays of the economy are fishing and a small, though burgeoning tourism industry, and more than half of the government budget comes in the form of a subsidy from Copenhagen – has not dampened the enthusiasm of local politicians for independence. Economy minister Qujaukitsoq says climate warming gives the country the chance to “create our own economy – firstly by rebuilding our fishing industry, secondly by creating a mining industry and thirdly with tourism”. Lest anyone think there is a shortage of riches, he reels them off: “gold, silver, platinum, palladium, zinc, iron, copper, rare earths, lead, to name just a few we know for certain Greenland has in large quantities”.
Kirkegaard, the mining minister, welcomes the world’s attention. The government has lifted a decades-old ban on the mining of uranium which had applied even when the material was collected as an unavoidable byproduct. The Australian-based Greenland Minerals and Energy describes the move as a “transformative event” which opens up huge potential for the mining of rare earths in southern Greenland. Kirkegaard says the timing for such developments is perfect – the demand for resources from the swelling middle classes of the emerging nations comes at the moment an investor spotlight has turned to the Arctic. There are plenty of other places with untapped resources but “Greenland is strategically in a good place. The rule of law applies. It is a democratic country where you can trust the courts and laws. That’s important for mining companies.” It will take time to locate the oil and gas reserves but Shell, Maersk, Statoil and Cairn Energy are among companies with drilling licences. For now, says Kirkegaard, “You know it’s there, but not quite where.”
. . .
There is a Klondike quality about all this. Every summer a pilgrimage of prospectors arrives in search of gold, silver, diamond and ruby deposits. Some of them stay. In Nuuk, Joshua Hughes, a Welsh-born geologist, took me to lunch. He had been visiting Greenland for years, he explained, before deciding to settle in the capital. He is a man with the gleam of riches in his eye. As chief geologist for NunaMinerals, Hughes has been digging for gold; and he is sure he has discovered it. Nuna, he says, has found a valuable seam in southern Greenland, and is raising funds on the Toronto Stock Exchange to finance commercial exploitation.
Greenland’s future, though, may hang on one big deal. The British-based London Mining heads a consortium that wants to establish an iron ore mine at Isua, 100 miles north of Nuuk. Once in operation, this single project would have an output worth a staggering $2bn a year – equivalent to Greenland’s present national income. To build the facility and a nearby deep-sea port, London Mining plans to bring in Chinese capital and up to 3,000 Chinese workers. Surveys and negotiations have dragged on over years but 2013 saw a breakthrough in talks with the government. In what Kirkegaard terms a “historic moment”, London Mining secured a 30-year licence to exploit the ore.
©Getty
Aleqa Hammond, Greenland’s prime minister
More cautious voices say ministers are getting carried away by such heady optimism. The government’s nationalist rhetoric, diplomats say, collides with some harsh realities. Greenland lacks the infrastructure, the people and the resources to rush into independence . If Denmark was once a rapacious colonial power, Greenland now depends on Copenhagen’s financial benevolence. There are questions too about Aleqa Hammond, the feisty leader of the Simuit party, who won this year’s general election to become Greenland’s first woman prime minister. Hammond, local business leaders observe, looked a more convincing figure on the campaign trail than in government. Some draw unflattering comparisons between Hammond and Kuupik Kleist, her predecessor and the leader of the Inuit Ataqatigiit party. Kleist earned a reputation as a “grown-up”, a politician brave enough to take unpopular decisions to sort out the public finances and modernise an outdated fishing industry.
For all its commitment to independence the government struggles to shake off an air of amateurism – a sense that inexperienced ministers have not quite grasped the complexities and risks of the geopolitical game now being played in the Arctic. Much of the work of administration still falls to officials born or trained in Denmark, while, perversely, Hammond’s vote-winning pledges have increased Greenland’s financial dependence on Copenhagen.
©Getty
Greenlanders vote in a referendum on self-rule in November 2008
Kleist’s Inuit Ataqatigiit party spearheaded calls for independence during the 1970s and 1980s and he remains committed to the goal. But he warns that the country lacks the financial and human capital to cut itself adrift any time soon. The problems lie not only in numbers – though finding the people to govern a state from a population of only 56,000 will never be easy – but in low educational attainment and high unemployment. Nuuk boasts a small, bustling university but many children leave school with only minimal qualifications. There is no point, Kleist says, “in yelling in the streets for independence if you do not know how to get there”. Climate change carries opportunities – everything has been moving north, including valuable fish stocks, but you have to build “your own nation to be strong enough to take care of itself”.
The cold rush throws up a profound paradox. The world’s rediscovery of the Arctic, like Egede’s landing in Greenland, promises economic and social upheaval. Climate change threatens to elbow aside what remains of the precious traditions honoured in Daniel Thorleifsen’s museum. The number of native hunters in Greenland’s high north has fallen to less than a thousand. They are growing old and, as the ice melts, their children are moving south.
Climate change offers a platform for independence but it will not turn back history. It will more likely force Greenlanders to decide who they are. Centuries of intermingling and intermarriage have blurred the boundary between Greenlandic and Inuit. Greenlanders of mixed or mostly Danish heritage say they too would like independence but they don’t look to the past for their future. There are those in Hammond’s government who say it is time to close the colonial chapter by retiring Egede from his towering vantage point. The irony is they are not at all sure what they would put in his place.
-------------------------------------------
Philip Stephens is the FT’s chief political commentator. To comment, please email magazineletters@ft.com
-------------------------------------------

Mercuria to reduce size of JPM commodities buyoutAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

http://usat.ly/YV5IGwThe best way to ask for a raise
Tips for getting through your first salary negotiation.
Post to Facebook
The best way to ask for a raise Tips for getting through your first salary negotiation. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vAPOhn
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
The best way to ask for a raise
Tips for getting through your first salary negotiation. USA TODAY
Hadley Malcolm , USA TODAY 12:45 p.m. EDT October 2, 2014
Keep the conversation positive when you approach your boss about a salary increase, says Tara Wyborny, head of recruitment for the college hiring program at Genesis10.
(Photo: Mark Wilson Getty Images)
28 CONNECT 56 TWEET 56 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Negotiating your first salary or asking for a raise is nerve-racking.
But knowing your worth and being able to talk to your boss about compensation is a critical professional skill. Your first salary sets the baseline for all future raises. A Business Insider survey this summer found 82% of Millennials didn't negotiate their first salary because they didn't feel comfortable or didn't know they were allowed to.
So I reached out to Tara Wyborny – she's the head of recruiting for the college hiring program at business and consulting company Genesis10. And here's the thing: She says employers are expecting you to negotiate your salary. Here are her tips for getting through the conversation:
• Prepare and practice. It's OK to take notes into the meeting so you remember what you want to say. And run through a mock conversation with a friend or mentor ahead of time.
• Be realistic in your expectations. Research market rates for your position so you know what's considered reasonable. If you significantly over-ask, your employer won't take the conversation seriously.
• You can ask for other perks besides a raise, including compensation for transportation or parking, more time off or the flexibility to work from home a certain number of days. Those are all part of negotiating a compensation package, Wyborny says.
• Don't be demanding. This conversation is about the value you bring to the company, not your personal life.
• Keep the conversation positive. "Make sure you're always pointing out the value and skills that you're bringing to the table," Wyborny says.
28 CONNECT 56 TWEET 56 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vAPOhn
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Sun TV: Eyeing an ad spend recoverySun TV: Eyeing an ad spend recovery
T E Narasimhan & Ram Prasad Sahu | Chennai/Mumbai Oct 03, 2014 11:48 AM IST
The Sun TV Network scrip is down 16% over the last one year on account of slowing advertising revenues, increasing competition and overhang of the CBI charge-sheet against the company's promoter. 
 
Extension of deadline for implementation of digitisation (phase III to end-2015 and phase IV to end-2016) has also meant that gains from the subscription segment (30% of revenues) are likely to be delayed further. 
 
The stock at Rs 342 is trading at 15 times its FY16 estimates, a steep discount to Zee Entertainment's 27 times. Analysts say that the discount is due to increasing competition, cap on advertisement, structural issues and pending CBI enquiry on the promoters, which will keep share price under check.
 
The key growth metric for Sun TV is its advertising business, which accounts for half of its revenues. However, ad revenue growth has been inconsistent and volatile, falling in the September and December quarters of FY2014 and recovering a bit in the March quarter. Even for June 2014 quarter, while Sun reported flattish ad revenue growth, the industry grew 13% on the back of a shift to Hindi news channels on account of general elections. 
 
Sun Group's Chief Financial Officer S L Narayanan says that advertisement market has been impacted by several "unprecedented" changes on available inventory. Change in tariff, which has been put through, took some time to settle in the market. Hence, there was some volatility in the company's revenue growth, but now it is back to normal, he says.
 
Market share losses in two key markets of Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh where peers are investing heavily as well as low inventory utilisation also led to the poor performance by Sun TV. What went wrong for the company in FY2014 was the hike in ad rates to compensate for the reduced ad inventory due to TRAI imposed cap which severely impacted volumes.
 
Despite reverting back to the 15 minute per hour schedule in the June 2014 quarter, it was not able to improve its ad revenue growth. As of now there is a stay on the TRAI order, but if the ad cap of 12 minutes per hour is implemented it will dent Sun's revenue growth going ahead.
 
While the ad cap will be a negative if it goes through, improvement in ad spends hold key for Sun. Analysts at BNP Paribas estimate double-digit growth to come back in FY16 (8% in FY15) as there are signs of increased marketing spends in key sectors such as consumer, auto, telecom and e-commerce. The management in a recent call was hopeful of an advertisement revenue recovery in FY16, with a growth uptick of 15-20%.
 
Says Narayanan, "Revenue is driven by business confidence, if the economy is growing then everybody would be spending, but if the economy is growing at around 5% then the propensity to spend will be impacted." 
 
Echoing the view of analysts, Narayanan's confidence comes in the backdrop of increase in spends by FMCG players, who brings 55% of revenue for Sun TV, with one third coming from regional brands all of whom are doing well.
 
What will hamper progress of the company, which is a market leader and dominates viewership in the four southern states, is increasing competition. According to IDFC Securities' analysts, Sun TV's all-India market share has almost halved in five years. While it retains the top slot in Tamil Nadu, it has lost share in Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka where its peers are investing heavily. This is putting pressure on Sun, which is not able to pass on the price hikes fully.
 
The other major topline contributor is subscription revenues, which grew 26% in FY14 and should get a fillip from digitisation. Sun TV has indicated that the digitisation and addressability for cable television would help. Sun, which has about eight million subscribers, hopes that the revenue from the DTH space would maintain a positive momentum in the coming years.
 

Europes bourses bounce as data loomDollar and stocks jump after US jobs data
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f4055378-4aaa-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Europes bourses bounce as data loomDollar and stocks jump after US jobs data
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f4055378-4aaa-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cong  Left slam Modi govt over live telecast of Bhagwat s speech on DDPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:01 pm | Updated: October 4, 2014 3:05 am
A controversy broke out on Monday over the live telecast by state broadcaster of RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat’s address at Nagpur with Congress and Left parties slamming the “misuse” of Doordarshan, but BJP defended it.
Congress spokesman Sandeep Dikshit termed the hour-long telecast as a “dangerous tradition”, saying RSS is a controversial religious and political organisation.
“It is a dangerous tradition. This is not an organisation which is completely neutral. It is a controversial organisation,” he said, adding it is a political decision of the government. Congress leader Rashid Alvi said, “this naked state majoritarianism must be resisted.”
Former Union Minister Salman Khurshid said, “we do not accept the record of RSS as being above board in terms of our national aspirations”.
Condemning the live broadcast, CPI(M) said, “The RSS used the occasion propagate its Hindutva ideology. The national public broadcaster has no business to telecast live the speech of the Chief of an organisation like the RSS.”
The CPI also condemned the live telecast. The party’s National Secretary D Raja said that the government, particularly the Information and Broadcasting Ministry, should give an explanation to the people for allowing DD to be the mouthpiece for the RSS.
He said it was “a disquieting and distressing trend that the country’s secular and democratic values were undermined by the government action”.
Historian and commentator Ramchandra Guha said this “naked state majoritarianism” must be resisted.
“This (showing it live) is a dangerous misuse of the state machinery. The RSS is a sectarian Hindu body. Next, imams in mosques and priests in churches may ask that DD covers their speeches live,” he said in his tweets.
Defending the telecast, BJP’s Shaina N C said the RSS is only a nationalist organisation which believes in ‘India first’ and the country above the interest of any individual.
“I am glad that this speech has been highlighted and people realise that if there is one cadre in the country today that has genuinely contributed to patriotism and nation-building, it is the RSS,” she said.

Renault to enter used car biz; 2 new models ...Renault to enter used car business in India; 2 new models next year
By PTI | 3 Oct, 2014, 01.15PM IST
Tweet
The company is leveraging on its 4,500 strong R&D Centre in Chennai to come up with products which are "right for the country".
PARIS: French auto major Renault plans to enter new verticals, including used car business in India next year, besides launching two new models, to make its presence felt in the market which it sees as "the biggest challenge".
The company, which is targeting a  market share of over 5 per cent in India, is also leveraging on its 4,500 strong R&D Centre in Chennai to come up with products which are "right for the country".
"India is the biggest challenge for Renault in the next two years...we have high ambitions from the Indian market. It is very important for us," Renault Chairman of AMI ( Africa , Middle East and India) Region Bernard Cambier told PTI on the sidelines of Paris Motor Show.
Spelling out the company's new business plans he said: "We have plans to develop some new services. I have ambition with Sumit Sawhney (Renault India Country CEO and MD) to develop the used car business and lot of things like that."
Sawhney said the entry into used car business would help the company in overall brand building.
"When a customer is coming today to buy a Renault car he already owns a car, so he is looking forward to an exchange platform where he can get right value for his existing car," Sawhney said.
He further said: "Also if a customer wants to buy a Renault car we can always give him the option to liquidate his existing Renault car to buy a new one. So used car business is important from customer point of view and for dealers it gives them turnover."
Asked by when the company planned to operationalise the vertical, he said: "We want to start this business next year."
Commenting on the preparations for the launch of a multi purpose vehicle (MPV) and sub-Rs 4 lakh car in the Indian market , Sawhney said the company is working to develop "right products at right price" as it wants to have a strong entry in the two volume segments.
"What we have seen is that a lot of companies have not brought the right  product or at a right price. So at Renault what we are trying to do is to bring a right product at a right price at a right time so we are leveraging our technology centre in Chennai," he added.
Stressing that Renault doesn't want to be a marginal player in India, he said: "One point is that wherever we want to go we want to have a strong entry in that segment. We don't want to be a marginal player in that segment so that is a clear vision. So we are building a strong runway for Renault in coming years."
He added that the two segments would be able to push the company's market share in India to over 5 per cent in the next three years.
Renault, which currently sells five models including mid sized SUV Duster in India, had a market share tad over 2 per cent in the country last year. The Indian passenger vehicle market stood at around 2.5 million units last fiscal.
When asked about the product line up after 2016-17, Sawhney said: "For future lineup we cannot share details now but we can assure you that we will come up with products post 2016-17 also. So it's not that we are not going to bring in new products."
Terming the entry into small car segment as an "opportunity", he said, the category is poised for growth with the opening up of the economy.
"Small cars is a very big opportunity today with economy opening up and you don't have many international players in that segment and that we in Renault see as an opportunity very clearly," he said.
All the products which will be introduced would have the capacity to create a sub-segment as Duster created one for itself, he added.

HIV pandemic originated in Kinshasa in 1920s...HIV is known to have been transmitted from primates and apes to humans at least 13 times but only one of these transmission events has led to a human pandemic.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Bustling trade routes, urban growth and changes to the sex trade in the city of Kinshasa in the 1920s created a 'perfect storm' for the emergence of HIV pandemic that has infected almost 75 million people worldwide to date, scientists say.
An international team of scientists, led by University of Leuven in Belgium and Oxford University , has reconstructed the genetic history of the HIV-1 group M pandemic, the event that saw HIV spread across the African continent and around the world, and concluded that it originated in Kinshasa, the capital of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).
The team's analysis suggests that the common ancestor of group M is likely to have emerged in Kinshasa around 1920 (with 95 per cent of estimated dates between 1909 and 1930).
HIV is known to have been transmitted from primates and apes to humans at least 13 times but only one of these transmission events has led to a human pandemic.
The team's analysis suggests that, between the 1920s and 1950s, a 'perfect storm' of factors, including urban growth, strong railway links during Belgian colonial rule, and changes to the sex trade, combined to see HIV emerge from Kinshasa and spread across the globe.
"Until now most studies have taken a piecemeal approach to HIV's genetic history, looking at particular HIV genomes in particular locations," said Professor Oliver Pybus of Oxford's Department of Zoology, and senior author of the paper.
"For the first time we have analysed all the available evidence using the latest phylogeographic techniques, which enable us to statistically estimate where a virus comes from.
"This means we can say with a high degree of certainty where and when the HIV pandemic originated. It seems a combination of factors in Kinshasa in the early 20th Century created a 'perfect storm' for the emergence of HIV, leading to a generalised epidemic with unstoppable momentum that unrolled across sub-Saharan Africa," Pybus said.
One of the factors the team's analysis suggests was key to the HIV pandemic's origins was the DRC's transport links, in particular its railways, that made Kinshasa one of the best connected of all central African cities.
"Data from colonial archives tells us that by the end of 1940s over one million people were travelling through Kinshasa on the railways each year," said Dr Nuno Faria of Oxford University's Department of Zoology, first author of the paper.
"Our genetic data tells us that HIV very quickly spread across the Democratic Republic of the Congo (a country the size of Western Europe), travelling with people along railways and waterways to reach Mbuji-Mayi and Lubumbashi in the extreme South and Kisangani in the far North by the end of the 1930s and early 1950s.
"This helped establishing early secondary foci of HIV-1 transmission in regions that were well connected to southern and eastern African countries," Faria said.
The team suggests that, alongside transport, social changes such as the changing behaviour of sex workers, and public health initiatives against other diseases that led to the unsafe use of needles may have contributed to turning HIV into a full-blown epidemic.

MFs buy shares worth over Rs 4 000 cr in SeptemberMFs buy shares worth over Rs 4,000 cr in September
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 3:  
Improved market sentiment helped mutual funds pick up shares worth more than Rs 4,000 crore in September, making it the fifth consecutive monthly inflow.
Besides, they pumped in a staggering over Rs 23,000 crore in the debt market during the period.
The inflow in equities during the month followed net investment of close to Rs 6,000 crore in August, Rs 5,000 crore in July, Rs 3,340 crore in June and Rs 105 crore in May.
Prior to that, fund houses have been net sellers in the equity market since September last year, while they were net buyers of shares to the tune of Rs 1,607 crore in August 2013.
As per the latest data compiled by market regulator SEBI, Mutual Funds (MFs) purchased shares worth Rs 4,171 crore last month.
Industry experts attributed the inflows in equities to improvement in market sentiments, primarily due to the new government’s reforms agenda.
Besides, retail participation in equity schemes has increased significantly in the last few months.
“The money in equities has been coming in the past few months and mostly in the second half of May after the General Election results,” said a market expert.
Mutual funds collect money from investors and buy stocks, including IPOs (primary market) and bonds.
In the first eight months of 2014, MFs purchased shares worth over Rs 8,000 crore, while they pumped in a staggering Rs 4.6 lakh crore in the debt market.
MFs offloaded shares worth Rs 14,208 crore last fiscal, lower than Rs 22,749 crore offloaded in 2012-13.
The financial year ended March 31, 2014 also marked the fifth consecutive year of net outflows by mutual funds in the equities after pumping in a net amount of Rs 6,985 crore in the share market in 2008-09.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

http://bit.ly/bxGQKp"The tech features for its class are top of the line. Its spacious interior and responsive handling make for a wonderful ride."
Neon Converted
"I love my new vehicle but wish it had an interior back hatch release. Still trying to get the gas mileage as depicted on the sticker..."
kitkat
"The new 3.5L engine is very smooth and more responsive than the old 3.0L while it's more fuel efficient."
Mo

http://usat.ly/1mWPM26FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
What's the most worry-free car you can buy?
Car shoppers have a lot to sort through when looking for a new car. The experts at Cars.com took a stab at translating a lot of information to give shoppers more peace of mind. They came up with the Worry-Free Index.
Post to Facebook
What's the most worry-free car you can buy? Car shoppers have a lot to sort through when looking for a new car. The experts at Cars.com took a stab at translating a lot of information to give shoppers more peace of mind. They came up with the Worry-Free Index. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vBylFO
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
22
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
What's the most worry-free car you can buy?
Kelsey Mays, Cars.com 4:31 p.m. EDT October 15, 2014
Lexus car
1083 CONNECT 99 TWEET 14 LINKEDIN 22 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Corrections and clarifications: The video accompanying this story has been removed because it did not reflect changes in sourcing used for compiling Cars.com's Worry-Free Index.
Car shoppers have a lot to sort through when looking for a new car. Is it big enough for the family? Does it have good fuel economy? Often, one of their biggest concerns is how much a car will cost to repair over time. We took a stab at translating a lot of information to give shoppers more peace of mind. That's why we came up with the Worry-Free Index, outlined below. Watch the video above to see what criteria we used to come up with the index.
Cars.com's Worry-Free Index gives consumers a list of cars that editors are confident will provide the most worry-free ownership experience, based on proven reliability, low expected maintenance costs and strong warranties. We analyzed reliability scores given by hundreds of Cars.com consumers, and years of reliability data from two leading industry sources, J.D. Power and Associates, and Consumer Reports. We scrutinized five-year estimated maintenance costs and manufacturer warranties. We also made sure that none of these cars performed poorly in crash testing. We looked for both good data and complete data, so strong scores reflect cars that have a solid track record with lots of information to draw on. A vehicle can score up to a maximum 425 points.
Toyota on Top
The inaugural index looks at 2014 models, disqualifying any model that was in its first year or in the first year of a major redesign. Toyota performed well: Including its Lexus luxury division, the automaker had 10 of the WFI's top 15 cars, including the top three. The Lexus RX, now in the twilight years of its third generation, finished first (RX 450h) and third (RX 350) thanks to strong reliability and warranty scores, plus low expected maintenance costs for the RX 450h — second only to the Toyota Sequoia (No. 14).
GM had two SUVs, the Chevrolet Tahoe and GMC Yukon, which scored well in the last year of the outgoing generation. Honda and its luxury Acura division, meanwhile, had three top cars, including the popular Civic compact.
America's best-selling sedan, the Toyota Camry, had strong scores, particularly for the No. 5 Camry Hybrid. The Camry's popularity goes to show just how much consumers want worry-free cars. Excluding the Yukon and Tahoe, which have redesigned 2015 models in showrooms right now, sales for this year's top worry-free cars are up 1.8 percent year-to-date through August. That's no easy feat, given most of them have been on the market for three or more model years.
Indeed, an August 2014 survey of new-car shoppers by the National Automobile Dealers Association found more than three-quarters of car and truck shoppers said build quality and reliability were "important" or "very important" in their car-shopping decision. That was a higher ratio than nine other factors, including fuel economy and advanced safety tech. Meanwhile, cost of ownership, which includes maintenance, was important or very important to 68 percent of car shoppers and 70 percent of truck/SUV shoppers, ahead of factors like fuel economy, safety tech, performance and design.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vBylFO
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Angry Birds maker Rovio to cut up to 130 jobsOct 03, 2014 at 01:30pm IST
Angry Birds maker Rovio to cut up to 130 jobs
4
0
Helsinki: Finnish mobile games maker Rovio, owner of the Angry Birds brand, plans to cut up to 130 jobs in Finland, or 16 per cent of its workforce, saying growth has not been as strong as expected and it needs a simpler structure.
Aiming to become an entertainment brand on a par with Walt Disney, Rovio has expanded the Angry Birds brand into an animated TV series and toys and clothing. It is also working on an animated movie, expected to premiere in 2016.
But it has struggled to retain players amid competition from new games, with operating profit halving last year to 36.5 million euros ($46 million) due to investments and stalling sales.
Aiming to become an entertainment brand on a par with Walt Disney, Rovio has expanded the Angry Birds brand into an animated TV series and toys and clothing.
#angry bird #rovio #job cuts
"We have been building our team on assumptions of faster growth than have materialized. As a result, we announced today that we plan to simplify our organization ... we also need to consider possible employee reductions," Chief Executive Mikael Hed said in a statement.
Angry Birds, in which players use a slingshot to attack pigs who steal birds' eggs, is the No.1 paid mobile application of all time, according to Rovio.
Analysts have said Rovio has been late to respond to a shift to freely available games on smartphones and tablets that make money when players buy virtual items to succeed in the game.
Rovio has introduced such features in its latest games such as Angry Birds Stella and Angry Birds Go!, but has yet to see a repeat of the success of the original game launched in 2009.
"In New York, (retailers) Toys R Us and Barnes & Noble seem to have reduced shelf space for Angry Birds products," said Tero Kuittinen, an analyst with media research company Frank N. Magid Associates.
He added prime space in some stores had recently been filled with merchandise for Minecraft, a popular video game created by Sweden's Mojang which Microsoft (MSFT.O) last month agreed to buy for $2.5 billion.
Rovio said on Thursday it wasn't planning to change its overall course, and added its strategic focus remained on games, media, and consumer products.
Judging from its sales of 156 million euros ($197 million) last year, it has fallen far behind mobile game peers.
Clash of Clans maker Supercell saw its revenue grow to $892 million in 2013, while sales at Sweden's King Digital Entertainment (KING.N), which developed Candy Crush Saga, jumped more than tenfold to $1.88 billion. Mojang's sales totaled about 2.05 billion Swedish crowns, or $285 million.
0

Facebook plans stricter scrutiny for accessing user dataOct 03, 2014 at  03:50pm IST
Facebook plans stricter scrutiny for accessing user data
7
0
Bangalore: Facebook plans a stricter review of requests to access information on its 1.32 billion active users after a psychological experiment on unwitting users in 2012 created a furor on social media.
There will be a stricter review of requests for research, for internal work or academic purposes, that deals with personal content or specific groups of people, Chief Technology Officer Mike Schroepfer wrote.
He did not elaborate on the new guidelines.
Facebook plans a stricter review of requests to access information on its 1.32 billion active users after a psychological experiment on unwitting users in 2012 created a furor on social media.
Facebook said new engineers will be educated on the company's research practices during training.
Any academic research that Facebook undertakes will now be published on a single site.
A Facebook spokesman acknowledged in July that an experiment on nearly 700,000 users in 2012 had upset users and said the company would change the way it handled research.
In the study, Facebook experimented with the emotional states of users to prompt them to post either more positive or negative content on their news feeds.
"Although this subject matter was important to research, we were unprepared for the reaction the paper received when it was published," Schroepfer wrote on Thursday.
4

Facebook may act as a mood stabiliserFacebook may act as a mood stabiliser
PTI
Washington, Oct 3:  
In a bad mood? Head to Facebook and find someone worse off!
When people are in a bad mood, they are more likely to actively search social networking sites such as Facebook to find friends who are doing even worse than they are, a new study suggests.
Researchers found that, in general, people use social media to connect with people who are posting positive and success-oriented updates.
“But when people are in a negative mood, they start to show more interest in the less attractive, less successful people on their social media sites,” said Silvia Knobloch—Westerwick, co—author of the study and professor of communication at The Ohio State University.
These findings give more context to recent studies that found people who spend a lot of time on Facebook tend to be more frustrated, angry and lonely — presumably because of all the happy updates from friends that make them feel inadequate.
“People have the ability to manage how they use social media,” said Benjamin Johnson, co-author of the study, an assistant professor at VU University Amsterdam.
“Generally, most of us look for the positive on social media sites. But if you’re feeling vulnerable, you’ll look for people on Facebook who are having a bad day or who aren’t as good at presenting themselves positively, just to make yourself feel better,” said Johnson.
The study involved 168 college students. Researchers first put participants in a good or bad mood by having them take a test on facial emotion recognition.
Regardless of their answers, the students were randomly told their performance was “terrible” (to put them in a bad mood) or “excellent” (to put them in a good mood).
All participants were asked to review what they were told was a new social networking site called SocialLink. The overview page presented preview profiles of eight individuals, which the students could click on to read more.
The key to the study was that the eight profiles were designed to make the people profiled appear attractive and successful — or unattractive or unsuccessful.
Each profiled person was ranked on a scale of 0 to 5 on both career success (number of dollar signs next to their profile) and attractiveness, or “hotness” (number of hearts).
The profile images were blurred so that participants could not see what they actually looked like.
Overall, the researchers found that people tended to spend more time on the profiles of people who were rated as successful and attractive.
But participants who had been put in a negative mood spent significantly more time than others browsing the profiles of people who had been rated as unsuccessful and unattractive.
“One of the great appeals of social network sites is that they allow people to manage their moods by choosing who they want to compare themselves to,” Knobloch-Westerwick said.
The study was published in the journal Computers in Human Behaviour.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

General Motors to invest $14 b in China over five yearsGeneral Motors to invest $14 b in China over five years
PTI
Tweet
Beijing, Oct 3:  
US auto giant General Motors (GM) will invest a whopping US $14 billion in China over the next five years and open five new plants to increase sales to nearly five million vehicles in the world’s largest car market, its top executive said.
The company’s plans for China also includes introducing 60 new models or refreshed vehicles, including nine new models from GM’s flagship luxury brand Cadillac, GM CEO Mary Barra said.
Tim Dunne, director of automotive industry analytics for California-based global market research firm JD Power and Associates, said that GM’s investment in China is “necessary” for the company going forward.
“This is a substantial investment in China,” Dunne was quoted as saying by state-run China Daily.
“GM is still among the forefront in China in terms of annual vehicle sales volume, and when people look at GM [in China] everyone is expecting vehicle sales to grow there.
Competitors in the market are not standing still, so everyone is kind of on an accelerated pace,” Dunne said.
GM was one of the first companies to establish an R&D (research and development) centre in China, so developing vehicles specifically for the China market has also given GM a bit of cachet with different entities in China, Dunne said.
“GM and its competitors are investing in manufacturing, distribution, marketing and the R&D aspect, and China is a hyper-competitive market so you can’t let up because things can change very quickly,” he said.
GM’s operations in China include two foreign enterprises, 10 joint-venture partnerships and more than 50,000 employees in the world’s second-largest economy.
GM said recent data shows the company and its joint-venture partners sold a record-breaking 3.1 million vehicles in China last year.
Barra said it is imperative for the company to be on the cutting edge of technological integration when it comes to their new models, so that GM can become the world’s “most valued automotive company“.
She also said some of the high-tech advances that GM plans to make — including the introduction of high-speed mobile broadband vehicle-to-vehicle connectivity in some models, and a highly automated, hands-free highway driving technology called Super Cruise — “unlock so many things that haven’t been done in the past“.
“Nobody goes anywhere without being connected, so GM talking about introducing more connectivity in their vehicles is where the car market is going and it’s spot on,” Dunne said.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Congress  Left parties slam Doordarshan s decision to broadcast Bhagwat s speechCongress, Left parties slam Doordarshan's decision to broadcast Bhagwat's speech
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 03, 2014 01:20 PM IST
A controversy broke out today over the live telecast by state broadcaster of RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat's address at Nagpur with Congress and Left parties slamming the 'misuse' of Doordarshan but BJP defended it.
Congress spokesman Sandeep Dikshit termed the hour-long telecast as a 'dangerous tradition', saying RSS is a controversial religious and political organisation.
"It is a dangerous tradition. This is not an organisation which is completely neutral. It is a controversial organisation," he said, adding it is a political decision of the government.
Congress leader Rashid Alvi said, "This naked state majoritarianism must be resisted."
Former Union Minister Salman Khurshid said, "We do not accept the record of RSS as being above board in terms of our national aspirations".
Condemning the live broadcast, CPI(M) said, "The RSS uses the occasion propagate its Hindutva ideology. The national public broadcaster has no business to telecast live the speech of the Chief of an organisation like the RSS."
The CPI also condemned the live telecast with its National Secretary D Raja saying the government, particularly the Information and Broadcasting Ministry, should give an explanation to the people for allowing DD to be the mouthpiece for the RSS.
He said it was 'a disquieting and distressing trend that the country's secular and democratic values were undermined by the government action'.
Historian and commentator Ramchandra Guha said this 'naked state majoritarianism' must be resisted.
"This (showing it live) is a dangerous misuse of the state machinery. The RSS is a sectarian Hindu body. Next, imams in mosques and priests in churches may ask that DD covers their speeches live," he said in his tweets.
Defending the telecast, BJP's Shaina N C said the RSS is only a nationalist organisation which believes in 'India first' and the country above the interest of any individual.
"I am glad that this speech has been highlighted and people realise that if there is one cadre in the country today that has genuinely contributed to patriotism and nation-building, it is the RSS," she said.

Indonesia s Blue Bird taxi plans $307m IPOAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Asian factories will need to mechanize or move to stay competitiveMore lucrative than it used to be.(Reuters/Nguyen Huy Kham)
SHARE
Nikhil Sonnad @nkl
October 3, 2014
We’ve heard for some time that the  rising wages of industrial workers in Asian manufacturing hubs are eroding the region’s low-cost advantage. Cities aren’t the only places where labor is getting more expensive, though. A new Overseas Development Institute report  on rural wage growth shows that even the cheapest labor in Asia isn’t quite so cheap anymore.
“Rural wages rose in the 2000s in almost all cases observed,” the report’s authors noted. “For example, in Bangladesh, the average (male) rural wage rose in real terms by 45% between 2005 and 2010, in India by 35% between 2005 and 2012 and in China by 92% between 2003 and 2007.” They found similar trends in other countries for which data are available, including Vietnam, Indonesia, Malaysia, and Thailand.
Tap image to zoom
Overseas Development Institute
The wages of agricultural workers are on the rise in large part because of changes happening in cities. As Asian workers left farms for jobs in industrial centers, farms had to figure out how to do more with fewer workers, raising productivity. The report indeed finds that productivity rose in all countries studied save Pakistan, and seven of these saw average productivity growth of more than 2.5% per year. Also, food prices rose alongside the wages of industrial workers, bringing more cash to farmers.
“Rural wages are key as they mark the lowest returns to labor on offer,” report author Steve Wiggins told Chinese official news agency Xinhua. But now that these have begun to mirror the rising wages of industrial workers, manufacturers in Asia won’t be able to employ their decades-old cheap labor strategy of bringing farmers to their urban operations. Even farm workers will be too pricey.
This leaves Asian manufacturers with two options: robots or relocation. Together these alternatives threaten to replace tens of millions of Asian workers, either with automated substitutes or cheaper labor from other parts of the world. Justin Yifu Lin, formerly chief economist at the World Bank, thinks China will have to lose 85 million manufacturing jobs. The country already is the world’s largest robot market . Meanwhile, unskilled labor there costs four times what it does in Ethiopia, according to the World Bank—and that gap looks set to grow wider, as Chinese metropolises and even Bangladesh  have been raising their minimum wages.
In short, it’s more evidence that Asia won’t be the world’s factory for much longer.
Share this:

Goa govt. rules out auctioning of mining leasesUpdated: October 3, 2014 15:06 IST
Goa govt. rules out auctioning of mining leases
Prakash Kamat
Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar
TOPICS
mining
The government intends to renew immediately those of the leases with no or minimal violations.
Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar has ruled out auctioning of mining leases and approved on Wednesday a policy for renewal of iron ore leases by exercising powers under Section 8(3) of the Mines and Mineral Regulation and Development (MMRD) Act, 1957.
According to the policy, mining leases of those who have paid stamp duty will be renewed. The leases should also be cleared by probe reports. Auctioning of leases is not a route prescribed in the MMRD Act, he said.
The government intends to renew immediately those of the leases with no or minimal violations. As for those which have paid stamp duty but have been found to have violated the provisions of Mineral Concession Rules, the State government will take a call. Those found with substantial violations of various laws and regulations will face rejection of renewal claim.
The State government decided to go by a recent order of the Bombay High Court at Goa, which directed it to renew the leases of 27 lease-holders who had deposited stamp duty. The anti-mining group of Goa Foundation has already questioned this move in the Supreme Court as the government is yet to act against many of these for their previous violations.
Mr. Parrikar said that the order of the High Court was subject to conditions laid down by the Supreme Court and the directions contained therein would bind the State government. As such, the government felt it futile to challenge the order of the High Court as that would only further delay the operations of mining.
Mr. Parrikar, however, believes that the actual mining operations could begin by January 2015 considering the low global ore prices prevailing at present.
While striking down the deemed renewal of mining leases as illegal, the Supreme Court had, in its order in May this year, partially relaxed its October 2012 order banning entire mining activity in the State and instead allowed extraction with a cap of 20 million tonnes per annum and under a comprehensive State policy. The State government has since been under tremendous pressure from mining companies and mining dependents to resume the mining which is grounded for over two years.

I hiked my fee by 50% after Queen: Kangana RanautI hiked my fee by 50% after Queen, says Kangana Ranaut
Shalvi Mangaokar , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 03, 2014
First Published: 09:38 IST(3/10/2014) | Last Updated: 15:45 IST(3/10/2014)
Kangana Ranaut is a free-spirited 27-year-old woman, who doesn’t shy away from speaking her mind. The actor, who recently revealed that she is dating someone, is hopeful about this new relationship.
Kangana Ranaut
Also, having gotten rave reviews for her acting prowess in Queen,  Ranaut admits to seeing a metamorphosis in movies, as far as portrayal of women is concerned. In this interview, she also discusses remuneration, and why it is wrong to compare actors.
First things first — how is your love life looking?
My love life is exciting. When you’re in love, you kind of have to be sure about things that you make public. I hope it works out. 
Also read: Kangana offered Italian film
So, there is a man in your life.
There definitely is a man… not a woman for sure (laughs). Love is such a thing; it’s so special, so I hope I get in a position of talking about it in public. 
Is marriage on the cards?
No. The kind of person that I am, it seems very tough for me to have an arrangement like that. I am looking for a companion and I’m hoping I will get my soulmate. I really value that ‘soul’ journey and this whole man-woman bond. I’m a very spiritual person, and more so when it comes to love. And that’s where my emotions as an artist are deeply-rooted. I think that’s why I’m considered to be (one of) the most sensitive actors. Apparently, the emotions that I express in my art are exceptional for today’s time and age.
With women-centric films doing well, can female actors finally command the same price as male actors?
I’m not the person who can comment on the business. I think kisi se compare nahi karna chahiye (one must not compare). Everyone knows their own worth. I can’t compare myself to anyone and say, ‘Okay, these guys charge so much, I will too’. They (other stars) have their own worth. After Queen, I’ve hiked my fee by 50 per cent. It doesn’t really matter how close it is to my counterparts. For instance, they say my male counterpart would be Aamir Khan, but how do I compare myself to him? His career spans over 25 years, he is in a different league altogether! Yeh saari baatein bolne ke liye hoti hain (these are all just talks for the heck of it). Every artist has his/her own journey. Now, if I get a good script, such as a biopic, they tell me, ‘If you are there, we’ll make it’. People are waiting for me now and I don’t have dates till 2015. And they are big film-makers who are saying that it’s okay and they will wait until 2015 end. So, that is my worth and my credibility now.
People are now queuing up outside your home with scripts.
I am shocked myself because for the first time in my life, people are ready to wait for me for over a year. People have taken my dates for 2016 . I’m a person who will immediately make up my mind and be like, ‘Okay, I’m going to go to Switzerland for two months’. I can see my life functioning in a different way. I can see that people are really dependent on me in so many ways. That is very flattering in a way, but very scary too. I was never faced with this before; not that I haven’t been part of successful films before, and it’s not that after Queen I didn’t have any failures. So it’s not just about success and failure… it’s about your own journey.
When was the last time you went to your hometown?
Not in a year, but I need to go back. I was supposed to go in September, but the shraad period started and mom told me to not come. I told her that I had kept the month free to come see the family, but then… (laughs). So I won’t be able to go anytime soon, but when we shoot the north India portion of Anand L Rai’s movie ( Tanu Weds Manu sequel ), I’ll make a short, quick trip. Manali is very close to Punjab, so I’ll go home and my parents will also keep coming.
How are your upcoming projects looking?
I think it’s very promising what I’m doing right now. Whether it’s Nikhil Advani’s next, or a double role in Anand L Rai’s movie, or even the film with Saif (Ali Khan), which is a love story. I haven’t done a love story, per se, in a while. And actually, these are all hardcore love stories.

Row over RSS chief speech on Doordarshan; Opposition calls it abuse of state powerRSS chief's speech aired live on Doordarshan, Opposition calls it abuse of state power
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 03, 2014
First Published: 14:53 IST(3/10/2014) | Last Updated: 20:30 IST(3/10/2014)
Comments
Controversy broke out over Doordarshan's live telecast of RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat's address at Nagpur on Friday with Congress and Left parties accusing the Modi government of misusing the state broadcaster.
Congress spokesman Sandeep Dikshit termed the hour-long telecast as a "dangerous tradition", saying RSS is a controversial religious and political organisation.
"It is a dangerous tradition. This is not an organisation which is completely neutral. It is a controversial organisation," he said, adding it is a political decision of the government.
Congress leader Rashid Alvi said, "This naked state majoritarianism must be resisted." Former Union minister Salman Khurshid said, "We do not accept the record of RSS as being above board in terms of our national aspirations".
Slamming the live broadcast of the RSS chief's address, senior Congress leader Abhishek Manu Singhvi said he feared that from now on, the country would be ruled through the official media "for Nagpur, by Nagpur and of Nagpur".
"This is absolutely amazing, shocking, unbelievable and unprecedented...This is the most unfortunate, gross, blatant misuse of official government largesse and machinery," he said.
Condemning the live broadcast, CPI(M) said, "The RSS uses the occasion to propagate its Hindutva ideology. The national public broadcaster has no business to telecast live the speech of the chief of an organisation like the RSS."
The CPI also condemned the live telecast with its national secretary D Raja saying the government, particularly the Information and Broadcasting Ministry, should give an explanation to the people for allowing DD to be the mouthpiece for the RSS.
He said it was "a disquieting and distressing trend that the country's secular and democratic values were undermined by the government action.
Historian and commentator Ramchandra Guha tweeted, "The RSS is a sectarian Hindu body. Next, imams in mosques and priests in churches may ask that DD cover their speeches live."
In his Vijaya Dashami speech, Bhagwat gave a big thumbs-up to the Modi government saying it is 'moving in the right direction'.
Read: RSS chief lauds Modi govt, row over live 'national' telecast
BJP, Doordarshan defend live telecast
Defending the telecast, BJP's Shaina NC said the RSS is only a nationalist organisation which believes in 'India first' and the country above the interest of any individual.
"I am glad that this speech has been highlighted and people realise that if there is one cadre in the country today that has genuinely contributed to patriotism and nation-building, it is the RSS," she said.
Read: Full text of RSS chief Bhagwat's speech
Doordarshan's DG (News) Archana Dutta too defended the unprecedented live coverage saying, "It was just like a news event to us. So we covered it," Doordarshan's said.
She said that there was "no special arrangement" for the event and that one of the several broadcast vans that are in Maharashtra for the coverage of state elections was used.
Watch: Modi's US visit gives us renewed hope, says RSS chief Bhagwat

Gandhian way  real  live option  to confront challenges: Sushma Swaraj7
0
United Nations: As the world faces growing challenges of terrorism, the ideals of Mahatma Gandhi have become all the more pertinent and the Gandhian way is a "real, live option" to confront the global challenges, India has said as the UN commemorated his 145th birth anniversary.
"The question to ask is not whether Mahatma Gandhi is relevant or not. The real issue is whether we have the courage and strength of mind to follow in his footsteps, whether we are prepared to live our lives by what he preached and most importantly, practiced," External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said.
She was speaking on the occasion of the 'International Day of Non-violence' which is commemorated annually by the UN on Gandhi's birthday.
Swaraj was speaking on the occasion of the 'International Day of Non-violence' which is commemorated annually by the UN on Gandhi's birthday.
#sushma swaraj #mahatma gandhi #un #non  violence
Swaraj said that instead of diminishing in relevance, Mahatma Gandhi has "actually become all the more pertinent" in the 21st century. "Whichever the challenge we confront, you can be sure that the Gandhian way is a real, live option, an option that informs and illuminates," she said.
Noting that the world of today is vastly different from the world that Gandhi lived in, Swaraj however said new threats to peace, harmony and stability have emerged.
"Today, we face the challenge posed by continuing confrontation in the name of religious fanaticism and ethnicity. At its worst, there is terrorism, which inflicts untold suffering on innocent women, men and children."
With the political discourse centered on a global war on terror, countering violence with even more violence does not provide a durable solution.
"If democracies are going to wage a war against terrorism, the measures that are adopted, should be consistent with and not contrary to the values of democracy. This is in keeping with the Gandhian consonance of ends and means," she said.
During the commemorative event, attended by a large number of UN ambassadors, diplomats and young children, an audio-visual on Gandhi's life and journey was played.
0

Hindu-Muslim girls unite to organise Durga Puja19
0
Kolkata: As a symbol of Hindu-Muslim unity, a group of girls from both the religions are organising a Durga Puja inside a shelter home for trafficked women.
Rescued earlier this year after being trafficked to Mumbai from West Bengal's Murshidabad, two Muslim girls are not only taking part in the festivities at NGO Sanlaap's shelter home in Narendrapur, but are also worshipping the goddess of power and cooking the 'bhog' that would be offered to the deity.
Following all the traditions, 23-year-old Shabana Begum (name changed) wakes up early each morning during all days of the 'Navratri' and spearheads the puja preparations for the day. She fasts till 'anjali' is offered to Goddess Durga.
As a symbol of Hindu-Muslim unity, a group of girls from both the religions are organising a Durga Puja inside a shelter home for trafficked women.
#durga puja #hindu #muslim #tradition
"I had been to Durga Puja pandals before but never participated in it. This is the first experience for me where I am doing it by following all rituals and traditions. We are enjoying it and have accepted it as one of our festivals," she said. Besides her, there are around 20 other girls, mostly followers of Islam, who decorated the pandal and are taking care of daily activities. Sanlaap director Indrani Sinha says the Hindu priest was also surprised when he found Muslim girls cooking the 'prasad' that is offered to the Goddess.
"Durga puja is not just religious but it is also a part of our cultural traditions. The festival has also become a part of our process to rehabilitate and integrate them into the mainstream society. It helps the inmates in building bonds with each other and the whole shelter home becomes like a family," she says.
At present around 133 girls are staying in the shelter home for girls who have been trafficked, rescued from prostitution and other vulnerable girls.
Chandranath Nag, in-charge of the centre, says when girls see the idol of Durga killing the buffalo-demon 'Mahishasura' they get motivated thinking that they can also fight the evil forces in their own lives.
"It is very symbolic for them as they have been trafficked and now they can fight for their rights. Our Durga Puja is about empowering them," he points out.
Just like Durga Puja, all inmates come together to celebrate Eid, Christmas and all other festivals.
6

Jaya spent Rs 3 crore on foster sons wedding: Special courtThe prosecution had come up with the case that over Rs six crore was spent for the marriage. (Source: PTI/file)
Press Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: October 3, 2014 3:29 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 4:18 pm
Holding that it was AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa who had paid for the arrangements for the lavish marriage of her now estranged foster son V N Sudhakaran, the special court in the disproportionate assets case against her pegged the expenses incurred by her at Rs three crore.
Sudhakaran’s marriage, dubbed as “mother of all weddings” was held in 1995 when Jayalalithaa was Chief Minister and had raised a huge controversy, inviting public criticism for ostentation, protests and petitions to court.
“It is established in evidence that huge amount was spent towards the printing of invitation, publication of thanks in the dailies, ‘tamboolam’ and valuable presents given to the guests, all of which would certainly entail an expense of more than Rs three crores even by modest and conservative estimation,” Special Judge John Michael D’ Cunha said.
“Taking into consideration all the above facts and circumstances, a sum of Rs three crores is taken as the expenses incurred by A-1 (Jayalalithaa) towards arrangement for the marriage of A-3 (Sudhakaran),” he said rejecting their contention that the expenses were met by the bride’s family.
The judge noted that oral and documentary evidence produced by the accused in support of their defence is “replete with the inconsistencies and irreconcilable contradictions”.
The evidence indicates that the arrangements were sponsored by Jayalalithaa and at her instance all the arrangements were made and even the payment was made by her, he said.
The prosecution had come up with the case that over Rs six crore was spent for the marriage.

Formula One: Lewis Hamilton fastest in second practiceMercedes driver Lewis Hamilton is leading the title race by three points over his team-mate Nico Rosberg. (Source: AP)
Reuters | Suzuka | Posted: October 3, 2014 3:26 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 3:28 pm
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in Japanese Grand Prix practice on Friday while Dutch teenager Max Verstappen became the youngest driver ever to take part in a Formula One weekend just three days after his 17th birthday.
Championship leader Hamilton, winner of the last two races, set the pace in a crash-interrupted second session after Mercedes team mate Nico Rosberg had lapped quickest in the morning.
The Briton’s time of one minute 35.078 seconds in the afternoon at Suzuka was more than two-tenths of a second quicker than Rosberg’s best.
Mercedes, who could claim the constructors’ championship this weekend if results go their way, were again dominant with their drivers one-two in both sessions.
Hamilton leads Rosberg by three points in the standings, with five races remaining.
Finland’s Valtteri Bottas kept his Williams at the sharp end of the field, setting the third fastest time in the second session after having gone fourth quickest in the day’s opening 90 minutes.
McLaren’s Jenson Button, who regards the Japanese Grand Prix as a second home race, followed the Williams by setting the fourth fastest time in his McLaren ahead of reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel’s Red Bull.
Kimi Raikkonen led Ferrari’s charge in the second session ahead of team-mate Alonso, who fueled speculation about his future on Thursday by refusing to rule out leaving the sport’s glamour team as early as next season.
Alonso appeared to have confirmed the progress the Maranello-based team had made in Singapore, setting the third-fastest time in the morning only to slip back to seventh at the end of the day.
After an uneventful opening session, the challenging high speed figure-of-eight circuit caught several drivers out in the afternoon, with red flags halting the session twice.
The threat of rain, with typhoon Phanfone expected to pass south of Suzuka on race day, also hung over practice with a light drizzle falling after a sunny start to the day.
Home hero Kamui Kobayashi crashed less than 10 minutes into the session, his Caterham snapping out from under him to add to the struggling outfit’s woes over what has already been a turbulent weekend with bailiffs raiding their British factory.
Red Bull’s Daniel Ricciardo also ended his session in the barriers, with the Australian spearing off the road just as he was rounding the corner leading onto the home straight to start another flying lap.
Ricciardo, the only man other than the Mercedes duo to have won a race so far this year, had been fastest at the time of his accident and, despite having completed only three laps, ended the day 10th quickest.
Toro Rosso’s Jean-Eric Vergne was 11th. Reliability issues had sidelined him after just two laps early in the session but the Frenchman was soon back out on track and eventually completed 17 laps before stopping again.
The Frenchman had sat out the morning session to hand his car to Verstappen, son continued…
Championship leader Hamilton, winner of the last two races, set the pace in a crash-interrupted second session

RSS chief Mohan Bhagwats speech covered just like a news event: DoordarshanPrint
 RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat speaks during the Vijay Dashmi function at RSS headquarters in Nagpur on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 2:48 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 2:57 pm
Amidst a controversy over the national broadcaster telecasting live a speech of RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat, Doordarshan on Friday said it was covered like any other news event and no special arrangements had been made.
“It was just like a news event to us. So we covered it,” Doordarshan’s DG (News) Archana Dutta said, after the DD’s hour-long live telecast of an RSS function for the first time came under attack from Congress and the Left which accused the government of misusing the state broadcaster.
She said that there was “no special arrangement” that had been made for the event and one of the several Digital Satellite News gathering vans (DSNG) that the broadcaster has in Maharashtra for coverage of the state elections was used for the event.
“We have several DSNG vans in Maharashtra and one such van was used for Nagpur,” Dutta said.
BJP has defended the telecast with party leader Shaina N C saying that the RSS is only a nationalist organisation which believes in ‘India first’ and the country above the interest of any individual.
“I am glad that this speech has been highlighted and people realise that if there is one cadre in the country today that has genuinely contributed to patriotism and nation- building, it is the RSS,” she said.
Congress spokesman Sandeep Dikshit termed the hour-long telecast as a “dangerous tradition”, saying RSS is a controversial religious and political organisation.
Condemning the live broadcast, CPI(M) said, “The RSS uses the occasion propagate its Hindutva ideology. The national public broadcaster has no business to telecast live the speech of the chief of an organisation like the RSS.” The CPI also condemned the live telecast.
BJP defended the telecast with party leader Shaina N C saying that the RSS is only a nationalist organisation.

Asian Games 2014: India beat Qatar  finish 5th in volleyballIndia's Manidurai Naveen Raja Jacob spikes against Japan's Kunihiro Shimizuin in Incheon. India won against Qatar to finish at 5th place in the Asian Games on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Incheon | Posted: October 3, 2014 2:33 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 2:35 pm
India prevailed over Qatar 3-2 in a hard-fought contest to finish fifth in the men’s volleyball competition at the 17th Asian Games in Incheon on Friday.
In men’s 5th-6th place classification match at the Songnim Gymnasium, the Indians rallied to beat the Qataris 25-21 20-25 25-22 20-25 15-10 in a keenly contested match, which lasted an hour and 47 minutes.
The match swung from one end to another before India managed to have the last laugh. India finished with a total of 105 points as against 103 scored by their opponents.
The Indians started brilliantly and pocketed the first set 25-21 in 22 minutes, but Qatar got their act together soon to drew parity by winning the next one 25-20 to level the scores 1-1.
The Indians fought back to restore their lead by winning the third set 25-22 but failed to capitalise on the advantage.
They once again squandered the lead to let Qatar snatch the fourth game 25-20 and take the match to the decider.
In the deciding set, the Indians held on to their nerves to make it 15-10.
Gurinder Singh was the top-scorer with 20 points while Govindarajan Ramakrishnan Vaishnav, Naveen Raja Jacob Manidurai and Prabagaran scored 18 points each to help India post a victory on the penultimate day of the competition.
For Qatar, Ribeiro Renan was the highest scorer with 21 points to his credit.
The Indians fought back to restore their lead by winning the third set 25-22 but failed to capitalise on the advantage

Ashton Kutcher  Mila Kunis name their baby Wyatt IsabellePress Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 3, 2014 2:03 pm
Star couple Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis have named their newborn daughter Wyatt Isabelle.
The couple welcomed their first child on Tuesday at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, reported E! Online.
The 36-year-old actor posted snaps of eight kids on his website and asked the fans to guess, who Wyatt is among them.
“Mila and I would like to welcome Wyatt Isabelle Kutcher to the world. May your life be filled with wonder, love, laughter, health, happiness, curiosity, and privacy. Can you guess which one is ours, or does it really matter? All babies are cute,” he posted.
Kutcher also joked about people spying on the couple. “Here’s your baby photo. Well, one of them is. Now can the helicopter please stop hovering over our house, there is a baby sleeping inside! And she’s super cute,” he wrote on his Facebook page.
Kutcher started dating his 31-year-old ‘That ’70s Show’ co-star after finalising his divorce from actress Demi Moore in December 2013.
Kunis recently told W Magazine that she plans to take a year off of acting to become a full-time mother.

Geo-political tensions  China/Eurozone will drive markets(The ground-level realities…)
By Dipen Shah
MUMBAI: The Indian markets remained volatile during the month of September on negative global cues related to softer growth in China and continued weakness in Eurozone.
On the domestic side, de-allocation of all the disputed coal blocks, lower than expected IIP numbers and deferment of gas price revision weighed on the markets. However, markets were relieved as the US Fed did not provide any cues of early rise in interest rates. The outlook upgrade from S&P somewhat aided the sentiment.
On economic front, IIP in the month of July reported dismal growth of 0.5% vs. 3.94% in June while August CPI showed some moderation to 7.8% from 8%. We believe that the economy has bottomed out and expect recovery in economic activity from current levels.
We note that, the ground-level realities have not yet improved greatly and that, the pace of economic recovery may be slow in the short term. Recent fall in global commodity prices, provide an opportunity to contain inflationary expectations. Fall in the crude prices is a silver lining for Indian markets in terms of reducing oil subsidies and import bill.
In the near term, geo-political tensions, economic growth in China/Eurozone will take most of the attention of the market. Quarterly results will start pouring in a couple of weeks and will impact individual stocks.
Valuations are at around the long-term average of 15x one-year forward consensus earnings (FY16). We believe that, affirmative action on reforms by the Government will be needed for providing confidence to the markets. This will, in turn, lead to a further re-rating of the markets in the medium-to-long term.
We expect further reforms by the Government and remain positive on the domestic infrastructure and cyclical sectors over the medium-to-long term. However, after the steep run-up in several of these stocks, we recommend sticking to quality and advise selectively investing in stocks having strong balance sheets and ethical managements.
On the other hand, we are positive on select export oriented stocks based on improving demand scenario in developed economies like USA. We expect rupee to remain in a range. Key risks to our recommendation are geo-political concerns globally, decline in foreign inflows, sharp currency movements and spike in oil prices.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jittery markets await September jobs data
Switch problem causes delays on Metros Red LineBy Victoria St. Martin October 3 Follow @VStMartin
Updated post at 6:57 a.m.
Red Line riders could see residual delays in both directions because of a disabled train at White Flint station.
Trains had been single-tracking because of the train, but normal service resumed quickly .
Updated post at 6:21 a.m.
Metro said normal service has resumed outside Union Station.
Original post at 6:10 a.m.
Metro riders could experience some delays Friday morning on the Red Line after a switch malfunction.
A 5:35 a.m. alert said a switch malfunction outside Union Station is delaying trains to Shady Grove station.
Just before 6 a.m., another Metro alert said to expect residual delays .
Victoria St. Martin covers breaking news and Prince William County for The Post's Local desk.

Obama  Modi shared personal stories  experiences over dinnerThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hong Kong clashes break out away from Central protest siteThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Information on 76mn households affected by cyber breach: JP MorganThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

By that extreme logic pharma industry in the usa should have been dead...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

What gave me immense confidence is the strong product/service road map...525 Followers
Reposted about 46 days 6 hrs 7 min 43 sec ago by MIB301
GM Bull, kavi and all our other friends, here is another piece of news that should be of interest to us, this is about the views of Bill Gates on cryptocurrency. He seems excited about Bitcoin. SKR and team surely are rubbing shoulders with the best in the tech.

Hem  new furniture brand from online retailer Fab  debutsHem, new furniture brand from online retailer Fab, debuts
Hem fall collection debuts
Hem
The Alle table, from $799, designed by Staffan Holm and the Levels pendant light, from $299, are available at Hem.
The Alle table, from $799, designed by Staffan Holm and the Levels pendant light, from $299, are available at Hem. (Hem)
By David A. Keeps
Well-known designers craft affordable furnishings for new Hem collection
Hem, new furniture brand from online retailer Fab, debuts Tuesday
Scandinavian design fans have a change of address (OK, a new URL). Hem, the Swedish word for home, is a new online store developed by Fab Europe and its 2014 acquisition, the Finnish firm One Nordic. Focusing on contemporary international design, quality materials and cost-reducing, flat-pack, factory-to-customer delivery, Hem launches Tuesday, offering preorders for more than two dozen products.
Hem fall collection debuts
Hem
Luca Nichetto, who has designed furniture for Cassina and Moroso, created the Hai lounge chair and ottoman for Hem. Shown with them is the Key side table.
Luca Nichetto, who has designed furniture for Cassina and Moroso, created the Hai lounge chair and ottoman for Hem. Shown with them is the Key side table. (Hem)
Among them: The Levels light fixture by the Stockholm design firm Form Us With Love  which comes in three sizes and a selection of colors, including a coppery finish, from $299, and the Alle table,  available in three sizes and starting at $799 in solid oak. The photo above shows both the Alle table and the Levels light fixture.
An online tool on the website will allow shoppers to customize tables, shelves and cabinets for their spaces.

Let s Ban Handshakes At Work And Start Fist-Bumpingreddit
Winter is fast approaching, which means more sniffling, sneezing and coughing around the office.
A pretty sickening story in The Wall Street Journal on Tuesday discussed in gross detail the speed at which germs spread in the office. The crux of it was that it only takes about four hours for a virus to spread to the hands of about half of the people in an office.
There are some obvious things you can do to avoid getting sick at work, like staying away from the communal coffee pot or using paper towels to avoid contact with door handles. But one incredibly easy thing to do this winter would be to ban handshakes in favor of fist-bumps.
According to a recent study, fist-bumps are way cleaner than handshakes and high-fives when it comes to spreading germs. That's because knocking knuckles means far less surface-area contact than squeezing together two sets of palms and fingers.
Banning handshakes is not a totally crazy idea. In fact, the Journal of the American Medical Association proposed banning the handshake in hospitals and doctors' offices and recommended trying a Namaste gesture instead.
If yoga-inspired greetings aren't your thing, you could also try bowing, like people do in Japan. Or touching shoulders, which is common among men in Ethiopia, according to NPR .
More:

Sahara Chief Asks to Leave Jail for Aunt s FuneralWhy Zomato Has Been a Big Winner for Info Edge
Subrata Roy, the jailed chief of India's Sahara conglomerate, wants to leave prison immediately to perform the last rites for an aunt who died this morning.
Mr Roy's lawyers have urged the Supreme Court to hear his request urgently. They say Mr Roy's aunt lived with him for 25 years and had no children so the billionaire is needed for her cremation.
Mr Roy, 66, who was arrested in March, was moved back to a cell in Tihar Jail after living in a makeshift prison office for two months as he tried to negotiate the sale of his luxury hotels including Grosvenor House in London and the Plaza in New York.
Mr Roy needs to raise Rs 10,000 crore from the hotel sales to have a chance of release on bail.
He was jailed for contempt of court amid a long-running dispute with the capital markets watchdog over Sahara's failure to repay billions of dollars to investors in bond schemes that were declared illegal. (With Reuters Inputs)
Story first published on: October 02, 2014 15:21 (IST)

Haider review: Spectacular but fails at partsPrint
Film review: Haider
Written by Shubhra Gupta | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 1:17 pm | Updated: October 4, 2014 12:26 pm
Cast: Shahid Kapoor, Tabu, Shraddha Kapoor, Kay Kay Menon, Narendra Jha, Irrfan
Director: Vishal Bharadwaj
Rating: ** stars
Vishal Bharadwaj’s third Shakespearean adaptation,` Haider’ urf `Hamlet’ is a spectacular looking film, each little detail of set and setting perfect. Where it falters is in telling the story it sets out to : the result is a gorgeous but choppy film that you cannot take your eyes off for fear of losing another exquisite piece of detailing; it is also one that fails to fully keep you with it.
The film is set in 1995, when militancy in Kashmir was at its peak. Haider ( Shahid) returns home after a gap to find his world in ruins. His father ( Jha) has disappeared, presumably into the bowels of the ‘system’ after an army `crackdown’, leaving his ‘half-widow’ of a mother ( Tabu) closeted with his politically ambitious `chacha’ ( Kay Kay). Haider is bereft, his only solace his girlfriend Arshia ( Shraddha), and his two old friends, who may not be who they seem to be.
The strongest part of the film is in the way it has depicted the dissension-hit state of Kashmir, overrun by militants and the military, skillfully skewering the still-strong Bollywoodized memory of the idyllic Dal lake full of flower-laden shikaras and yodeling stars. Instead of Shammi and Sharmila sliding on a Gulmarg hillside, we have Shahid and Shraddha, trying to find a way around the darkness and despair that has settled into the sinews of the `Paradise on earth’ on ‘zameen ast’
.
And that has to do, one suspects, because of Basharat Peer’s contribution to the script : so many of the touches seem to have come from his telling first-person account ( ‘Curfewed Night’) of what it is to live with constant fear and suspicion, where friends can be foes, and ghosts roam the beautiful lakeside : an early chilling scene of an` identification parade- and-arrest’ isn’t bettered in the rest of the film.
The setting is perfect for the gloomy tale of `Hamlet’, the story of the confused prince who has a thing for his mother, and whose bewilderment and grief at his father’s death sends him hurtling over the precipice. But the plot seems foisted upon on the landscape : the twin threads of story and setting lie uneasily about each other, rising off the screen in some jaw-droppingly good scenes, and then flattening out again in verbose patches which weigh on the story, and the actors.
The drama is pumped up by swelling orchestral background music, calling attention to itself. This is the first time I’ve felt this in a Vishal Bharadwaj film, he who knits the poetry and music so integrally and beautifully into his films. Shahid has a couple of break-out moments, but never really makes us ache for the lonely, deeply distressed young man. Kay Kay, who has a role to die for, plays it with familiar flourishes. Shradhha is fresh-faced but continued…

England and Scotland will never be equalThe English should not demand an equal union with the Scots
By Martin Wolf
The search for formal symmetry is not just unnecessary, but unworkable
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3783d584-48c1-11e4-9f63-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The hidden cost of freezing Russia outThe hidden cost of freezing Russia out of finance
By Gillian Tett
Instead of having one major cross-border payments system there could eventually be many
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2adebf9c-48c1-11e4-9f63-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ECBs lack of detail on plan disappointsDraghi’s lack of detail on measures disappoints
By Claire Jones in Naples
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/66aca742-4a50-11e4-b8bc-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Injury report: Williams  Paul limitedBy Mike Jones October 2 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Redskins tight end NilesPaul, top, is upended by New York Giants strong safety Antrel Rolle in last Thursday’s game. Paul hopes to play Monday. (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
Left tackle Trent Williams took part in Thursday’s Washington Redskins practice in a limited capacity as he continues to nurse his injured right knee. Fellow starter Shawn Lauvao , Washington’s left guard, also was limited in practice as were tight ends Jordan Reed and Niles Paul and defensive lineman Kedric Golston and linebacker Akeem Jordan .
Williams is believed to have partially dislocated his right kneecap late in last Thursday’s game against the Giants. Results of an MRI exam revealed no ligament damage, but Williams has continued to experience soreness and inflammation. The two-time Pro Bowl lineman said he has seen improvement in his knee, however. Thursday morning he said he didn’t expect to practice, but a few hours later, he dressed and took part in individual drills. Williams moved with a noticeable limp, however.
Lauvao missed the last game with a strained right knee, but remains day-to-day.
Reed has missed the past three games with a strained hamstring. Paul suffered a concussion in last Thursday’s game but hasn’t had any lingering symptoms. He was cleared to take part into individual drills but will continue to be monitored before receiving clearance to practice fully.
Golston has missed the past three games with a strained groin, while Jordan has missed all four games after spraining his left medial collateral ligament in the preseason finale.
Cornerback Tracy Porter (hamstring strain) and safety Trenton Robinson (high ankle sprain) both missed practice.
Practicing fully despite injuries were nose tackle Chris Baker (ankle, hip), defensive end Jason Hatcher (hamstring), receiver DeSean Jackson (shoulder), linebacker Brian Orakpo (finger) and defensive end Jarvis Jenkins (rib).
E-mail a Redskins question to mike.jones@washpost.com, with the subject line “Mailbag question,” and it might be answered in  The Mailbag .
More from The Post:

Hong Kongs crossed arms and other protest gesturesBy Adam Taylor October 2 Follow @mradamtaylor
(Graphic by Alberto Cuarda and photos by Matt McCain / The Washington Post)
When pro-democracy protesters took to the streets of Hong Kong on China's National Day this week, many silently turned their backs as the Chinese flag and the Hong Kong flag were raised. As they did so, they made a symbol with their hands – a simple cross, held above their heads.
Student pro-democracy group Scholarism organizer Joshua Wong (C) makes a gesture at the Flag Raising Ceremony at Golden Bauhinia Square on October 1, 2014 in Hong Kong. (Photo by Anthony Kwan/Getty Images)
These crossed arms, like the umbrellas that earned the movement the nickname the " Umbrella Revolution ," seem to be special feature of Hong Kong's protests, but they follow a familiar pattern. In recent protests as far-apart as Missouri and Bangkok, protesters have used gestures to signal both their defiance of authority and their unity with other protesters.
In the Ferguson protests that erupted over the Summer, for example, many Americans threw their hands up directly above their heads – "Hands up, don't shoot" they would cry, a reference to witness reports that said teenager Michael Brown appeared to be surrendering before he was shot dead by a police officer. (Protesters in Hong Kong have also been seen adopting a similar pose, though whether this is happenstance or mimicry is a matter of debate.)
Other examples abound. In Thai protests earlier this year, protesters copied a three-fingered salute used in hugely popular dystopian book film "Hunger Games" to defy a tyrannical government.
And in the Arab Spring, many protesters used the more familiar two-finger "peace sign," first used to represent victory during World War II and later used by anti-war activists. Later, some in Egypt began to use a four-finger sign, known as the Rabia sign, to protest against Abdel Fatah al-Sissi's ouster of President Mohamed Morsi.
Some protesters have even gone so far as to use hand gestures as language. During the Occupy Wall Street movement, protesters used hand gestures to facilitate collective decision making.
In Hong Kong, however, the crossed arms seem to serve a simpler purpose. "We crossed our arms because we want to express our dissatisfaction toward the government, to reflect our mistrust towards the central Chinese government, and to object to the National People's Congress decision on August 31 [to only allow Beijing-approved candidates in an upcoming election]," student leader Joshua Wong later told CNN .
Adam Taylor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. Originally from London, he studied at the University of Manchester and Columbia University.

A human rights distortion that harms the UKOctober 2, 2014 11:59 pm
A human rights distortion that has harmed UK sovereignty
By Chris Grayling
Britain does not accept the unlimited mandate the Strasbourg court has taken on, writes Chris Grayling
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9d9c6d3a-4a43-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Scandal recap Season 4  Episode 2By Bethonie Butler October 3 Follow @bethoniebutler
Warning: This recap contains spoilers.
This week’s episode of “Scandal” revolved around Fitz’s first State of the Union in his second term as president. But it could really be viewed as one big jobs report.
“Stand and clap, Andrew, that’s your job.” (ABC/Ron Tom)
Cyrus reminded Liv that even though she doesn’t work for The White House, she still (and will) work for The White House… because Fitz.  Abby threw shade at Cy and Liv because she really DOES work for The White House, but continues to be overshadowed by her former boss. Jake is doing some interesting detective work around Harrison’s death. David Rosen made some progress on his path to Attorney General. And Huck and Quinn were given a joint task because they “work so well together.”
Then there was Mellie, heartbreaking and hilarious at once, with her chips and her fried chicken and those Uggs. Still grieving the loss of her son, Mellie was caught on camera sitting sloppily at Jerry’s grave and earned a new job title of her own: Madam First Crazy. Ouch. The first lady was pretty adamant about not attending the SOTU until Abby (taking a page from Liv) swept in with an inspiring, but in-your-face speech.
Olivia, settling into her old job at Olivia Pope and (two?) Associates, is tasked with helping The White House ensure the attendance of a famous couple at the State of the Union. We meet James and Lisa Elliot, the former an Army veteran, who was tortured by the Taliban, the latter a teacher, who was shot in the spine during a horrific school shooting. They’ve been invited to be guests at the SOTU to garner support for Fitz’s gun control platform. They’re heroes — America’s sweethearts — but there’s just one problem — they hate each other.
Couples therapy, by Olivia Pope.
Olivia finds this out after doing her trademark scene-change teleportation to New Mexico — in clothing of which Slate would surely approve — to retrieve said couple. Upon arriving, she finds them hurling barbs (and I think a wine glass or two) at each other. She convinces them to return with her to Washington and delegates couplesitting duty to Huck and Quinn.
It’s like she basically put them in a room with another version of themselves. In an effort to show Liv how out of touch she’s been as a boss, Abby lets her know exactly how well Huckleberry Quinn works together: “Huck and Quinn were incesting all over the office.” Olivia will never look at that conference table the same way. Fixers — they’re just like us!
Just like the Elliots, Huck and Quinn have some unresolved issues — Huck resents Quinn for informing him that his wife and son are within reach and Quinn resents Huck for ignoring her in the wake of that information. Quinn: “You’ll always be the guy who pulled my teeth out!” That apparently doesn’t stop her attraction because it definitely looked like they were about to start “incesting” again. But then Lisa Elliot had to go and stab her husband with a wine corkscrew.
Olivia arrives on the scene, horrified by both the fraternization in her office and the Elliots’s fighting. But she convinces the Elliots to keep their plans to appear at the State of the Union in support of their country and president. It doesn’t hurt that she promises to help them both retain their speaking engagements post-divorce.
That leaves just one other high-profile SOTU guest to be convinced to attend — Mellie. An impassioned plea from Fitz doesn’t do the trick. A heart-to-heart with Cyrus, who is now a vegetarian with a weakness for fried chicken, doesn’t do the trick. P.S. the chicken was apparently vegan . Also, can we talk about how weird it is that Cyrus is all weepy over James despite the fact that he so often put him in danger and once arranged to have him killed?
Not to be funny, didn’t Cyrus kill his husband? Or at least let it ride? #scandal
— Elon James White (@elonjames) October 3, 2014
But Abby clearly took Liv’s work advice to heart, however begrudgingly, and manages to convince Mellie to go the State of the Union in a show of support and solidarity, not just for her husband, but for other Americans who have lost a child.
Another person taking a cue from Liv is David Rosen, whose road to the Attorney General’s office gets more complicated thanks to Elizabeth, Portia De Rossi’s trouble-stirring character. She manages to drum up those fake photos of David’s ex-girlfriend, the one that Harrison and Olivia led Abby to believe was a victim of domestic violence. David decides to channel Olivia to get what he wants, so he blackmails a senator into endorsing him.
When Olivia delivers the Elliots to the State of the Union, Fitz asks if he “and Ms. Pope can have the room.” He casts his puppy dog eyes on her and asks for feedback on his SOTU address because, according to him, she owes him something. I’m going to guess he was playing the theoretical your-mother-killed-my-son card because if not that, then what?
It’s because of this exchange that Fitz goes off-teleprompter in his speech, talking about how Jerry’s death has affected his family and how it reinforces his support for gun control. “There were thousands of people last year who lost their lives in a completely avoidable way,” he tells the crowd. That crowd includes Mellie, who can barely contain her grief after Fitz’s (very moving) speech. Fitz holds her as she cries.
Liv doesn’t stay for the entire speech. Instead, she blazes a trail to Jake’s. He’s been trying to play it cool, securing a hotel as a neutral spot for their trysts (which he adorably refers to as booty calls).  Liv shows up at his non-hotel door in a trench coat and some fierce high-heeled boots. They may not be in the sun anymore, but whatever they’ve got going on is pretty hot.
It looked like Cy was also going to get some play after exchanging pleasantries with a handsome fellow at the bar. Too bad, he’s a sex worker. At least that’s what he says he is. The last few moments of the episode — not the usual heart-pounding Shonda Rhimes ending we’re used to — reveal him to be an Elizabeth hire. He doesn’t tell us anything we don’t already know — Cyrus is lonely, go figure. But Elizabeth seems to have something very bad up her sleeve.
Careful, Lizzie Bear, I wouldn’t underestimate Cyrus — even if he’s not eating red meat.
Lingering questions: What’s up with Dabby? I’m not feeling the love. Seriously, how does Olivia get around? So, Jake was looking at autopsy photos of Harrison…and who else? What is Elizabeth’s angle and who is Cyrus’s new friend?
Bethonie Butler is a producer and a reporter on The Post’s engagement team. She oversees online comments and has also contributed to The Style Blog and She The People.

Indian rupee fends off US dollar surge on upbeat investment sentimentE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Eurozone inflation pressures hit 29-mth high...Eurozone inflation pressures hit 29-month high: ECRI
By Reuters | 3 Oct, 2014, 01.14PM IST
0
Share More
The Eurozone Future Inflation Gauge (EZFIG), published by the Economic Cycle Research Institute, rose to 97.7 in August from 97.5 in July.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: Eurozone inflation pressures hit a 29-month high, suggesting the European Central Bank's slew of policy easing measures might stave off deflation, an indicator designed to predict cyclical trends showed on Friday.
The Eurozone Future Inflation Gauge (EZFIG), published by the Economic Cycle Research Institute , rose to 97.7 in August from 97.5 in July.
"With the EZFIG increasing again in August, it points to a likely bottom in Eurozone inflation in the coming months," said Lakshman Achuthan, ECRI's chief operations officer.
On Thursday, ECB president Mario Draghi said the bank would buy bundles of loans and other form of secured debt from mid-October.
Annual inflation fell to a five-year low of 0.3 per cent in September according to a flash estimate, well below the ECB's target of just under 2 per cent and what it terms the "danger zone" of 1 per cent.

BJP is not against Muslims  says former prez Nitin GadkariE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

General Motors to invest $14 billion in ChinaGeneral Motors to invest $14 billion in China
Press Trust of India | Beijing Oct 03, 2014 01:40 PM IST
US auto giant General Motors (GM) will invest a whopping $14 billion in China over the next five years and open five new plants to increase sales to nearly five million vehicles in the world's largest car market, its top executive said.
The company's plans for China also includes introducing 60 new models or refreshed vehicles, including nine new models from GM's flagship luxury brand Cadillac, GM CEO Mary Barra said.
Tim Dunne, director of automotive industry analytics for California-based global market research firm JD Power and Associates, said that GM's investment in China is "necessary" for the company going forward.
"This is a substantial investment in China," Dunne was quoted as saying by state-run China Daily.
"GM is still among the forefront in China in terms of annual vehicle sales volume, and when people look at GM [in China] everyone is expecting vehicle sales to grow there.
Competitors in the market are not standing still, so everyone is kind of on an accelerated pace," Dunne said.
GM was one of the first companies to establish an R&D (research and development) centre in China, so developing vehicles specifically for the China market has also given GM a bit of cachet with different entities in China, Dunne said.
"GM and its competitors are investing in manufacturing, distribution, marketing and the R&D aspect, and China is a hyper-competitive market so you can't let up because things can change very quickly," he said.
GM's operations in China include two foreign enterprises, 10 joint-venture partnerships and more than 50,000 employees in the world's second-largest economy.
GM said recent data shows the company and its joint-venture partners sold a record-breaking 3.1 million vehicles in China last year.
Barra said it is imperative for the company to be on the cutting edge of technological integration when it comes to their new models, so that GM can become the world's "most valued automotive company".
She also said some of the high-tech advances that GM plans to make - including the introduction of high-speed mobile broadband vehicle-to-vehicle connectivity in some models, and a highly automated, hands-free highway driving technology called Super Cruise - "unlock so many things that haven't been done in the past".
"Nobody goes anywhere without being connected, so GM talking about introducing more connectivity in their vehicles is where the car market is going and it's spot on," Dunne said.

Motorola to sell smartwatch for Rs 17 999 in...Motorola to sell smartwatch Moto 360 for Rs 17,999 in India
By PTI | 4 Oct, 2014, 01.26AM IST
Smart wearables, as a category, is growing globally with the likes of Samsung, LG and Apple coming out with their smartwatches across various price points.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Handset maker Motorola today said its smartwatch, Moto 360, will go on sale on Friday in India for Rs 17,999. The smartwatch will be available exclusively on Flipkart starting from mid-day Friday, Motorola said in a statement.
Inspired by the classic wristwatch, the Moto 360 features a round design. It has a feature called 'voice control' which allows users to send texts, set a reminder, check the weather, and ask for directions.
Users can also keep track of steps and know their heart rate with the built-in pedometer and heart rate monitor, it added. The smartwatch is compatible with smartphones running Android 4.3 or higher and is powered by Android Wear operating system. With a 1.5-inch display, the device has a 320 mAh battery, 512 MB RAM and 4 GB internal storage.

Aviation PSUs to fill top postsAviation PSUs to fill top posts
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 3:  
Two major aviation PSUs — Airports Authority of India (AAI) and Pawan Hans Helicopters Limited, which were headless for several months, would soon have their top posts filled, with the Public Enterprises Selection Board (PESB) shortlisting candidates for the two positions.
While R K Srivastava, a 1984 batch IAS officer of Jharkhand cadre, has been selected as Chairman AAI by PESB, the name of B P Sharma, Executive Director at AAI who is currently the Kolkata Airport Director, has been shortlisted to be the CMD of Pawan Hans, official sources said.
The two names would now be sent to the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet, headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, for final approval, they said.
While Pawan Hans has been without a full-time CMD for about two years, AAI is being headed by Sudhir Raheja, Member (Planning) of AAI Board, an acting Chairman since January.
Air India too has remained practically headless since the incumbent, Rohit Nandan, was granted three month’s extension for his successor to be chosen, after his three-year term ended in August. His extended term now ends in mid-November.
The Civil Aviation Ministry had earlier sought a two-year extension for the 1982 batch IAS officer of UP cadre, but the Appointments Committee extended it by three months.
The Ministry has again suggested a 12-month extension for Nandan on the grounds that a top-level change in the ailing national carrier at this juncture could derail it from the gradual turnaround path which was being successfully led by him.
The Star Alliance, which Air India joined in July, has also written to the Ministry to consider an extension to him for the sake of continuity of the integration process between the Indian carrier and the global airlines’ grouping.
However, the sources said Nandan could be granted another extension as the last date for submitting the application for the post of CMD Air India is October 28 and the process of short-listing and interviews would begin after that.
It was not likely that the PESB would be able to complete the process of shortlisting a new CMD before November when Nandan’s current term expires, the sources said.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Five takeaways from this weeks Secret Service turmoilBy Josh Hicks October 3 Follow @reporter_hicks
The past week has been full of turmoil for the Secret Service, with the surfacing of troubling details about the agency’s handling of White House and presidential security breaches during the Obama administration.
On Tuesday, President Obama expressed full confidence in then-Secret Service Director Julia Pierson , but his feelings changed after learning from news reports – rather than from the agency – that a gun-carrying private security guard with a criminal history was allowed to board an elevator with him at the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta this month.
That bombshell prompted Pierson’s resignation  on Wednesday, followed by the appointment of former Secret Service special agent Joseph Clancy as the agency’s temporary director on Wednesday. Below are five key takeaways from the security controversy, much of which came to light through Washington Post reports this week:
Secret Service Director Julia Pierson testifies on Capitol Hill in Washington, Tuesday, Sept. 30. (J. Scott Applewhite/AP)
The Secret Service’s accounts of security lapses were misleading and inaccurate 
The agency released false information about a perimeter breach last month, forgetting one of the cardinal rules in the time-honored practice of staying in front of a Washington crisis: Make sure the bad news comes from you first.
Initially, Secret Service officials said the White House intruder, Omar Gonzalez, was apprehended quickly at the main entry of the residence after hopping the fence and sprinting to the building.
A Washington Post report this week revealed that Gonzalez, a military veteran carrying a knife and possibly suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder, actually ran through an unlocked door, overpowered a guard and dashed all the way to the East Room, where an off-duty agent finally tackled him.
The Secret Service also wrongly claimed in 2011 that gunshots near the White House were never intended for the executive mansion. Some agency supervisors initially concluded that gang members had fired at each other from cars near the front lawn, a touristy area with a heavy security presence and virtually no known gang violence in the past.
Four days passed before the agency realized that bullets hit the White House residence, even though the suspect, Oscar Ortega-Hernandez, wrecked his car seven blocks away and left it there with an semiautomatic rifle and spent shell casings inside the vehicle. The damage to the building was first discovered by a housekeeper rather than Secret Service agents.
Internal and independent reviews are on the way
Pierson’s resignation is only the beginning when it comes to fixing the Secret Service’s problems. The reviews come next.
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson announced on Wednesday that his top deputy, Alejandro Mayorkas, will lead an internal probe of last month’s White House invasion.
Johnson also said a team of independent investigators would examine the Secret Service and make recommendations for correcting the agency’s shortcomings by Dec. 15. The House Oversight and Government Reform Committee called for the analysis earlier in the week, and House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Mike McCaul (R-Texas) proposed legislation to establish the independent panel.
Pierson was a controversial leader
Pierson, whom Obama appointed to lead the Secret Service after its 2012 prostitution scandal in Colombia, was supposed to give the agency a fresh start. Instead, more troubling incidents occurred and she seemed intent on scaling back what she considered to be excessive security measures.
She also agreed to personnel reductions for key units and rejected a recommendation to have about 100 officers to patrol the perimeter of the White House grounds, instead calling for a group two-thirds that size, according to a Washington Post report .
Pierson’s lackluster performance at a hearing on Tuesday failed to inspire confidence that she could effectively lead the Secret Service effectively or change its culture. She offered incomplete explanations for last month’s White House breach and said she wasn’t very familiar with the 2011 shooting incident, even though she was the agency’s chief of staff at the time.
Lawmakers at the hearing said Secret Service personnel had told them that they didn’t feel comfortable voicing their concerns about the agency internally.
President Obama and then-special agent Joseph Clancy walk through a park in Washington, D.C. in March 2011. (EPA/MIKE THEILER)
The interim director has a smudge on his record
Clancy, who is by most accounts a well-respected former agent, was head of White House security when reality-TV personalities Michaele and Tareq Salahi crashed a party at the complex in 2009.
That issue is likely to resurface if Obama gives serious consideration to appointing Clancy as permanent director for the agency.
Secret Service staffing levels have dropped
Pierson testified at the hearing this week that the Secret Service is more than 500 employees below its optimal level. The agency’s workforce has shrunk dramatically in recent years, beginning after passage of the 2011 Budget Control Act.
Staffing levels have dropped to the point where the agency has flown in field agents from other parts of the country for two-week details, according to a Washington Post report .
Adding personnel could help the Secret Service improve its performance. The issue is likely to be a topic of discussion for future budget talks, if not for some kind of emergency-funding measure.
Josh Hicks covers the federal government and anchors the Federal Eye blog. He reported for newspapers in the Detroit and Seattle suburbs before joining the Post as a contributor to Glenn Kessler’s Fact Checker blog in 2011.

Quartz Daily BriefAmericas editionHong Kongs standoff  JPMorgans data breach  Camerons Afghanistan visit  smellOctober 3, 2014
What to watch for today
Stalemate and skirmishes in Hong Kong. Chief executive CY Leung refused pro-democracy protestors’ demands to step down and instead attempted to split the student-led movement . Meanwhile, the city was forced to shut government offices because protesters barricaded the entrances , and people opposed to the protests  scuffled with the demonstrators and tore down some of their encampments.
The US plays whack-a-mole with the Islamic State. The  bombing campaign against IS  is forcing a change in tactics by the extremist group. In Iraq’s Anbar province, locals will face curfews on vehicle use  so it’s easier to spot extremist fighters trying to relocate.
The US talks jobs, officially. Payroll firm ADP says 213,000 US jobs were created in September, but it’s the US labor department’s report  that’s being watched most closely. Will the jobless rate  stay low at 6.1% ?
While you were sleeping
JPMorgan’s data breach turned out to be absolutely enormous. A cyberattack exposed the personal information of  76 million households and seven million businesses ; the bank previously said only one million were vulnerable. The hacker attack, now among the largest ever, gained access to names, addresses, phone numbers, and emails, putting customers at risk for further fraud attempts.
David Cameron made a surprise appearance in Afghanistan. The UK prime minister arrived in Kabul to meet with newly sworn-in president Ashraf Ghani. Cameron also said the UK would add two more fighter jets to combat the Islamic State, and warned the fight against extremists would take “many, many years.”
Radio Shack gasped for air. The electronics retailer agreed a $590 million refinancing deal  with a hedge fund consortium to allow it to restock ahead of the Christmas shopping season. The deal may also allow the company to close more than 1,000 underperforming stores to stem its losses.
China’s service sector lost some steam… The country’s non-manufacturing purchasing managers’ index dipped to 54.0 in September , from 54.4 in August, suggesting slower growth in a sector that’s crucial for the transformation of the Chinese economy.
…As did the UK’s. The country’s services sector, which accounts for two thirds of its GDP, also posted lower growth in September , with the Markit/CIPS services PMI falling to 58.7, from 60.5 in August.
Maybe the euro zone isn’t so sick after all. August retail sales were up by nearly 2% over the year before , surpassing analyst expectations of little or no growth. Germany, France, Spain, and just about every other country posted year-over-year gains.
The US is partially lifting its arms embargo against Vietnam. Washington said the decision to sell some weapons to its former adversary is intended to “improve maritime security”—a thinly veiled reference to China’s maneuvers in the South China Sea.
Quartz obsession interlude
Lily Kuo on why Hong Kong’s protesters want chief executive CY Leung to go to hell: “Critics deride Leung as a puppet of Beijing … But as the son of a police officer who eventually built his fortune as a real-estate executive, earning him the nickname ‘emperor of the working class,’ he is also seen as a symbol of one of the elite members of Hong Kong’s increasingly unequal society.” Read more here.
Matters of debate
The biggest threat to the Islamic State isn’t bombs or drones. It’s  women being educated .
China is not Hong Kong’s enemy but its future. Those protesting Beijing’s rule are just resentful of China’s rise .
The Middle East is entering a warlord era. Nation states are dissolving and millions are living under self-declared rulers .
Retirement is a pipe dream for the middle class. The global cost-cutting race means you’re going to work until you die .
Surprising discoveries
Nobody wants the 2022 Winter Olympics. The corrupt bidding process has put off every country but China and Kazakhstan .
A US president refused to use White House light switches. Benjamin Harrison was afraid he’d be electrocuted .
Beer is a memory booster. A flavonoid found in hops  boosts mental performance —but only if you drink the equivalent of 2,000 liters a day.
The human nose knows when death is near. Once your sense of smell starts to go, you’re three times more likely to die in the near future.
All those auto recalls really add up. One in six US vehicles—37 million in all— has an unfixed fault .  
Click here for  more surprising discoveries  on Quartz.
Our best wishes for a productive day. Please send any news, comments, hoppy beer kegs, and directions to the Kazakh luge run to hi@qz.com . You can follow us on Twitter here for updates throughout the day.
Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief  here , tailored for morning delivery in Asia, Europe & Africa, and the Americas.
Share this:

Man ki Baat : Where to Listen to PM Narendra Modi s First Radio MessageThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

BlackBerry Passport: Packed with innovation andpowerThe BlackBerry Passport is meant for high-end power users
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: October 3, 2014 4:02 pm | Updated: October 4, 2014 9:53 am
Very gutsy, BlackBerry, very gutsy indeed. Just when the world thought the company from Waterloo had no chance of reviving its handset business, BlackBerry has come up with the Passport. And it is a huge gamble, given that this phone has a very unique form factor and is not meant to sell in volumes. However, BlackBerry is convinced that this phone will help it retain its core clientele and maybe even win some new fans. I am tempted to agree.
Quick Tech Specs: 4.5-inch IPS display (1440 x 1440 pixels, 453 ppi) | 2.26 GHz Krait 400 quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor | 3GB RAM | 32 GB storage + microSD slot up to 128 GB | 13MP rear camera, 2MP front camera, 1080p Full HD video | 3G, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0 | 3450mAh battery | BlackBerry OS 10.3
Price: Rs 49,990
It is exactly the size of a passport. My passport on top of the BlackBerry passport (Source: Nandagopal Rajan)
Design: I actually saw a couple of reports calling this a square phone, which it is not. In fact, it is the same size as any passport. It has a square display and a three-row keypad below it, which means it cannot be square. It is a large phone. So much so that the phone that comes closest to this size is the LG Optimus Vu. But despite being large the phone fits into your pocket, and that seems to have been a conscious design decision. You can easily grip the phone in one hand, but this is not made for single-handed operation. After all, there is no rulebook that says a phone must. Anyway, BlackBerry is on a rule-breaking spree here.
Just below the display is the large keypad that lets you type better than on any keypad seen in a phone before, older BlackBerry’s included. But then there are no physical number keys and you have to use the touch screen to make a call. There is a reinforced stainless steel frame that at the core of this phone, giving it a very solid feel. You don’t have to worry if this phone will bend, though you will have to take good care of the extra-large screen. The design is minimalist and there is just the power button on top and the volume keys on the right flanking the voice assist key. The nano-SIM and SD card go behind the flap, but the battery is not removable.
Display: Yes, this is a very different display size. But that means you will never have to flip the orientation of the phone to do anything. It gives more than 60 characters in a line and Excel continued…

BSE: Smaller stocks reap big gains  outshine bluechipsPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 3, 2014 3:56 pm
Driven by bullish stock market sentiment and strong participation from retail investors, the mid-cap and small-cap indices of the BSE have given big returns, surging up to 62 per cent and outperforming the larger index Sensex so far this year.
An analysis of the three indices shows that while the small-cap index of the BSE has given a return of 62.44 per cent, the mid-cap index followed with 41.84 per cent.
On the other hand, gain in the blue-chip Sensex has been at 25.49 per cent so far in 2014.
The Sensex touched its life-time high of 27,319.85 on September 8.
The mid-cap index touched its one-year peak of 10,000.86 on September 15 and the small-cap index hit its 52-week high of 11,245.52 on the same day.
Analysts said that when markets rally, these stocks make big gains than the front-lines. But during the times of uncertainty one witnesses greater losses in mid and small-cap counters.
Market experts said that positive investor sentiment following the formation of a new government and robust foreign fund inflows have been driving the domestic equity markets.
In 2013, small and mid-cap stocks had declined as much as 12 per cent.
Retail investors are major participants in mid-cap and small-cap stocks and activity in this segment has increased over the past few months.
Marketmen say smaller stocks are generally bought by local investors, while overseas investors focus on blue-chip shares.
The mid-cap index tracks companies with a market value that is on average one-fifth of blue-chips or large firms. Small-cap firms are almost a tenth of that.

Jaya spent Rs 3 crore on foster sons wedding: SpecialcourtThe prosecution had come up with the case that over Rs six crore was spent for the marriage. (Source: PTI/file)
Press Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: October 3, 2014 3:29 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 4:18 pm
Holding that it was AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa who had paid for the arrangements for the lavish marriage of her now estranged foster son V N Sudhakaran, the special court in the disproportionate assets case against her pegged the expenses incurred by her at Rs three crore.
Sudhakaran’s marriage, dubbed as “mother of all weddings” was held in 1995 when Jayalalithaa was Chief Minister and had raised a huge controversy, inviting public criticism for ostentation, protests and petitions to court.
“It is established in evidence that huge amount was spent towards the printing of invitation, publication of thanks in the dailies, ‘tamboolam’ and valuable presents given to the guests, all of which would certainly entail an expense of more than Rs three crores even by modest and conservative estimation,” Special Judge John Michael D’ Cunha said.
“Taking into consideration all the above facts and circumstances, a sum of Rs three crores is taken as the expenses incurred by A-1 (Jayalalithaa) towards arrangement for the marriage of A-3 (Sudhakaran),” he said rejecting their contention that the expenses were met by the bride’s family.
The judge noted that oral and documentary evidence produced by the accused in support of their defence is “replete with the inconsistencies and irreconcilable contradictions”.
The evidence indicates that the arrangements were sponsored by Jayalalithaa and at her instance all the arrangements were made and even the payment was made by her, he said.
The prosecution had come up with the case that over Rs six crore was spent for the marriage.

Viable dip Not quite yet: Doll
Update: Switch problem resolves on Metros Red LineBy Victoria St. Martin October 3 Follow @VStMartin
Updated post at 6:57 a.m.
Red Line riders could see residual delays in both directions because of a disabled train at White Flint station.
Trains had been single-tracking because of the train, but normal service resumed quickly .
Updated post at 6:21 a.m.
Metro said normal service has resumed outside Union Station.
Original post at 6:10 a.m.
Metro riders could experience some delays Friday morning on the Red Line after a switch malfunction.
A 5:35 a.m. alert said a switch malfunction outside Union Station is delaying trains to Shady Grove station.
Just before 6 a.m., another Metro alert said to expect residual delays .
Victoria St. Martin covers breaking news and Prince William County for The Post's Local desk.

Jim Calhoun to join ESPN s college hoops coverage... 
October 3, 2014 06:59 AM EST | Associated Press
BRISTOL, Conn. (AP) — Hall of Fame coach Jim Calhoun will join ESPN's college basketball coverage this season.
The 72-year-old Calhoun won three national championships at Connecticut in 1999, 2004 and 2011. He retired in 2012 after 26 years with the Huskies.
The network said Thursday that he will appear in the studio, conduct interviews, and call some games. Calhoun will make his debut Nov. 18 for the Champions Classic, the doubleheader featuring Michigan State, Duke, Kansas and Kentucky.
___
ESPN is part of The Walt Disney Co.

Mexico says 100 pct of power restored after Odile... 
October 3, 2014 06:56 AM EST | Associated Press
MEXICO CITY (AP) — Mexican authorities say electrical service has been restored to 100 percent of users in Baja California Sur state 17 days after Hurricane Odile knocked the power out.
That includes the resort area of Los Cabos, which sustained heavy damage from a direct hit by the Category 3 storm last month.
Mexico's Federal Electricity Commission says the storm had damaged 534 transmission towers, 1,353 transformers, 108 circuits and 7,971 electrical poles, leaving 95 percent of customers in the dark statewide.
The agency says in a Thursday statement that Odile caused more damage to Mexican electrical infrastructure than any other storm, including Hurricane Wilma in 2005.
The Los Cabos international airport is reportedly set to return to normal flight operations Friday.

NBC cameraman tests positive for Ebola in Liberia...and
versions
NEW YORK (AP) — For media covering the spread of Ebola in West Africa, the infection of a cameraman who works for NBC offers both a reason to emphasize precaution and to continue to bear witness.
The New York Times' approach is emblematic of many news organizations: "We want to figure out a way to have maximum protection for people involved in the coverage and also to continue the coverage," said Joseph Kahn, the newspaper's international editor.
Other than NBC, no news outlet has publicly cited Ashoka Mukpo's infection as the impetus for removing personnel from Liberia, where the freelance cameraman had been covering the disease's rapid spread and the strains it placed on its health care system. CNN announced Friday that it was sending reporter Nima Elbagir to that country this weekend and Sanjay Gupta, its most visible medical correspondent, said he's lobbying his bosses to send him there.
Mukpo, who previously covered Ebola for several news outlets, began working for NBC on Tuesday and fell ill the next day. NBC said Friday it was concentrating on how to get him and his colleagues out of the country before discussing future coverage plans. He was working with medical correspondent Dr. Nancy Snyderman, who said she and others with NBC feel fine, though the network ordered them to return to the United States and quarantine themselves until any danger has passed.
The "Today" show interviewed Snyderman Friday via phone because the camera gear that NBC used in Liberia was being disinfected.
"While we are being hyper vigilant, we are at very, very, very low risk of becoming ill," Snyderman said.
In addition to NBC, Mukpo has covered the epidemic for Al Jazeera and Vice News, which said he shot footage for the organization's documentary about Liberia, "The Fight Against Ebola." CBS News, which hasn't sent its own reporters to Liberia, said Friday it had used some of Mukpo's work to illustrate a story.
The risks to journalists were evident during the Vice documentary, when correspondent Danny Gold and his camera operator — not Mukpo — debated interviewing some Ebola-infected people who were having trouble finding health care facilities to treat them. "What's your vibe?" Gold asked his colleague. They decided not to conduct the interview.
The Associated Press has used a team of journalists to cover the story, including AP reporters Krista Larson and Jonathan Paye-Layleh, photographers Jerome Delay and Abbas Dulleh, video producer Andrew Drake and TV contributor Wade Williams. The journalists eat all meals in their hotel, and wash their shoes with a mixture of bleach and water when they return from reporting. They don't take cabs or rides with drivers they don't know.
The reporters seek to interview people outside of their homes and try not to touch anything or sit down when in neighborhoods affected by the epidemic, Larson said.
The reporting entails risk which the AP does its best to contain, said John Daniszewski, senior managing editor for international news. But it has not pulled reporters away from the story.
"The Ebola epidemic is not only critically important to the people of West Africa, where homes and lives are being ravaged, but for the entire world facing a threat of the spread of this terrifying disease," he said.
ABC News' chief health and medical editor, Richard Besser, was returning from Liberia on Friday, a trip he had planned before learning of Mukpo's infection.
Besser said on "Good Morning America" that he would not allow his camera operator or producer to go into any area where Ebola patients were being treated.
"We never went into the home of anyone with Ebola," he said. "We never shook hands with anyone or touched anyone here."
ABC News President James Goldston on Thursday afternoon sent a memo to his staff explaining why Besser and his colleagues were not being quarantined upon their return to the United States the way NBC's Snyderman is. Goldston said he was following Centers for Disease Control guidelines and that Besser was judged to have no known exposure to the virus.
The New York Times has four journalists working in the area and the Washington-based Helene Cooper had a story dateline from Liberia this week. The newspaper trains its reporters on how to minimize danger and doesn't force them into situations where they feel uncomfortable, Kahn said. If the disease spreads so quickly that reporters feel there is no safe haven or safe place to be treated, that might force some reevaluation of deployment plans, but it hasn't reached that point, he said.
CNN's Gupta has been in Dallas, covering the case of the first American diagnosed with Ebola, Thomas Eric Duncan. Gupta was in Africa in April covering Ebola and wants to return.
"From a medical perspective, you have to treat the root cause as opposed to the symptoms and the root cause of what is happening anywhere around the world is in West Africa, so that is really where the story is," he said.
Al Jazeera said it currently doesn't have anyone stationed in Liberia. The BBC said it would not discuss its staffing of the story. "Health and safety of our staff is paramount and we continue to monitor the situation and assess the risks," said spokeswoman Francesca Sostero.

Pluspetrol buying Apco Oil and Gas for $427M... 
October 3, 2014 06:53 AM EST | Associated Press
TULSA, Okla. (AP) — Oil and gas exploration and production company Pluspetrol Resources is buying Apco Oil and Gas for $427 million.
Apco shareholders will receive $14.50 for each share they own, a 15 percent premium to the company's Thursday closing price of $12.64.
Apco Oil and Gas International Inc., based in Tulsa Oklahoma, has interests in nine oil and gas concessions and two exploration permits in Argentina and three exploration and production contracts in Colombia.
Apco is a subsidiary of WPX Energy Inc., which said Friday that it anticipates about $294 million for its international interests when the transaction is complete.
Privately held Pluspetrol Resources Corp. is based in the Netherlands, according to CapitalIQ.
Apco's board unanimously approved the deal. It still needs two-thirds approval by the company's stockholders.

Colbert takes on his show s model... 
DAVID BAUDER | October 3, 2014 06:49 AM EST | Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) — It's almost enough to make their fans nostalgic: Stephen Colbert and his "Papa Bear," Bill O'Reilly, going after each other again for probably one of the last times.
Colbert is mocking the Fox News Channel host's proposal that a 25,000-member mercenary force be armed and trained to fight the Islamic state. Colbert countered with his own "army of expert double Ninja super soldiers with laser nunchucks," imagined when he was in the fourth grade.
Colbert essentially modeled the cable news opinion host character he's been playing on Comedy Central's "The Colbert Report" after the Fox News ratings king. But as he prepares to replace David Letterman on CBS next year, Colbert is shutting down his show and the character itself at the end of the year.
Colbert's comic takedown of the plan drew O'Reilly's ire, and Colbert on Wednesday night subsequently called O'Reilly an "egomaniac," adding an expletive.
Earlier in the week, O'Reilly said that Colbert "and others of his ilk have no bleepin' clue how to fight the jihad. They don't know anything."
But even though he's "completely vacant," that doesn't stop Colbert from "mocking ideas that might have some value," O'Reilly said on his show Monday.
Colbert struck back on his show Wednesday.
"It hurts me to know I hurt the man I admire most," he said. "Just as Bill would be hurt to know he hurt the man he admires most — himself."
Colbert played news clips of other Fox News personalities dismissing O'Reilly's idea.
"I wasn't mocking your plan," he said. "I'm the only one who likes it."
___
Comedy Central is part of Viacom Inc.; Fox is a division of 21st Century Fox Inc.

Feds say Utah company tried to export rifle scopes... 
LINDSAY WHITEHURST | October 3, 2014 06:47 AM EST | Associated Press
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — Federal authorities say a business in a small Utah town tried to ship rifle scopes to Russia and China without a license.
The U.S. Bureau of Industry and Security will block exports by X-TREME Motors, LLC. for about six months after customs authorities say they found 200 mislabeled shipments from the company over the last month, according to a statement from the agency.
Federal officials say the West Haven company tried to duck regulations by claiming the packages contained all-terrain vehicle parts when about 20 held rifle scopes addressed to locations in countries like Russia and China that require an export license. Officials detained a total of 50 shipments from the company.
The 6-year-old business primarily buys damaged ATVs and snowmobiles and sells the parts around the world through eBay, spokesman Chuck Duncan said. A few months ago the owners decided to add weapons accessories for hunters.
The owners got a state license to sell the products like scopes, bullets and rifle stocks online under the name XTREME Outdoor Store, said Duncan. They didn't realize they needed to follow separate regulations to sell to people in certain countries and accidently mislabeled the packages as ATV parts, he said.
"We actually have screwed up as a company," said Duncan. "We made some mistakes, we got the message and we'll fix it."
The number of packages addressed to locations flagged by authorities was very small, he said, and the items appeared to be for personal use. The owners plan to stop selling the weapons accessories, he said.
West Haven is located about 40 miles north of Salt Lake City.
The Bureau of Industry and Security controls the export of certain items for national security, crime control and other reasons, according to the statement. The agency took similar action in January to prevent the re-export of U.S. aircraft engines to Iran.

Constellium buying Wise Metals for $455 million... 
October 3, 2014 06:45 AM EST | Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) — Constellium is buying the U.S. aluminum company Wise Metals for $455 million in cash, giving the Dutch manufacturer more exposure to the big North American market.
The acquisition includes the assumption of $945 million in debt, the companies said Friday.
The buyout gives Constellium access to 450 kilo metric tons of hot mill capacity. The company plans to invest up to $750 million by 2022 to increase Wise's current hot mill capacity to over 700 kt and build 200 kt of dedicated body-in-white finishing capacity to serve the automotive market.
Constellium, based in the Netherlands, makes specialty rolled and extruded aluminum products.
Privately held Wise Metals Intermediate Holdings LLC, based in Muscle Shoals, Alabama, makes aluminum can stock for companies in the beverage and food industries.
Constellium N.V.'s board unanimously approved the acquisition.

EU OKs Eli Lilly s $5.4B bid for Novartis division... 
October 3, 2014 06:41 AM EST | Associated Press
BRUSSELS (AP) — The European Union's antitrust authority says it has approved the $5.4 billion sale of Novartis' animal health division to U.S. pharmaceutical firm Eli Lilly.
The 28-nation bloc's executive Commission said Friday the sale won't hinder competition because the merged firm will continue to face a number of strong competitors.
Switzerland-based Novartis AG in April launched a major overhaul of its business which included the sale of the animal health division.
Indianapolis-based Eli Lilly & Co. has been hit hard by patent expirations and has staked its recovery in part on new drugs it develops and its animal health business.

Indian women s hockey team arrives home after clinching Bronze at AsiadThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Furore over Bhagwat s Vijayadashami address on DDThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Aviation PSUs to fill top posts soon: SourcesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

UPDATE 3-Brent edges up off 27-month low to $93.50; supply  dollar weighThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sorry mixed with some other thread conversation.sorry...I never post calls...I was intrigued by one molly and followed her .
options are like bridge or chess..one must have atleast eight eyes and four ears.
I do not feel postings on options are useful...they are just "ego postings"...or one`s puts and calls already in place hollering for fall/ rise in nifty!
thank u.gn.goodbye to all..especially molly!
my best advise to all option traders is : close out with in a week unless u can sense some thing huge coming and remember "something huge" happens only once or twice in a year
a bird in hand is worth two in the bush.

L & t f means long term fellow buy every deep rs 2  3  4. accumila...Silver Member
7 Followers
L & t  f means long term fellow  buy every deep rs 2, 3, 4. Accumilate it koi wandha nahii,  koi gadabadat na hone de...... Only buy and accumilate  keep patience.... What ever it came down in panic rs 58 or rs 59... Don. T be afraid....... Hold there will be gold
4.30 PM Oct 3rd

Sell and save money. invest in other stk.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

If promoters are defaulters  targt is 0.20 pesa.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

http://usat.ly/1smnGQ0Be ready for that unexpected early retirement: 8 tips
Be prepared: That retirement you think is 5 years away may come sooner.
Post to Facebook
Be ready for that unexpected early retirement: 8 tips Be prepared: That retirement you think is 5 years away may come sooner. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1smnGQ0
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
8
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Be ready for that unexpected early retirement: 8 tips
Rodney Brooks , USA TODAY 7:44 p.m. EDT September 24, 2014
Unexpected retirement can be a lot easier if you plan for the unexpected, financial advisers say.
(Photo: Getty Images/iStockphoto)
370 CONNECT 215 TWEET 121 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE
That retirement you're looking forward to in five years: Be prepared for it sooner than you expect.
Numerous surveys have shown that people think that they are going to retire later than it happens. The two big reasons: health issues and losing your job.
According to the Employee Benefit Research Institute (EBRI), 47% of American retirees in a 2013 survey retired before they planned, mostly because of health or disability.
Unplanned or unexpected early retirement can create havoc with your retirement plans. Some who had to retire early weren't quite ready financially: Those five or 10 additional years of saving for retirement were no longer possible. Some may have had to take Social Security earlier than expected. And, as we all know, the earlier you take Social Security, the lower your monthly check.
"I have several clients and families who have gone through this," says Greg Sullivan, with Sullivan, Bruyette, Speros & Blayney In McLean, Va. "What we are always doing is trying to keep our clients prepared for the unexpected."
Top retirement financial concern: Health care bills
Others are not prepared psychologically.
"Don't leave your retirement to hopium," says Kimberly Foss, founder and president of Empyrion Wealth Management in Roseville, Calif., and author of Wealthy by Design.  "Hopium is a foolish hope. It allows people to ignore sometimes unexpected realities, such as unemployment. It keeps people from making a proper plan. If they do ignore it, it leads to financial ruin."
Some advice on how to be ready in case unexpected early retirement happens to you:
• Do an assessment. Sullivan says you should look at cash flow, balance sheet, insurance and estate plans to get an idea of where you are today and the impact of earlier-than-expected retirement.
• Plan for the unexpected. "If you pre-rehearse those types of contingencies, you are far more likely to make good decisions in an emotional moment," says Joe Sicchitano, head of wealth planning for SunTrust Bank. "Faced with unexpected retirement, your life  is in turmoil. If you thought about it, you can make good decisions."
It's not that different from helping children who are afraid of monsters in the closet, Sicchitano says. "The best solution is turn the light on, and see how big he is, how scary he is."
When you know your fears, you can react to them and plan for them, Sicchitano says.  "Start with the question, 'What are you afraid of?' That can take a number of different turns. I'm afraid of early retirement. I'm afraid of if inflation gets unwieldy, or an unexpected health concern. What if the market tanks when I retire? We can give any client the ability to toggle these scenarios and see how that scenario affects them personally."
• Build an emergency fund. "You want to make sure you've built an adequate emergency fund," says Marc Freedman, president CEO of Freedman Financial in Peabody, Mass., and author of the book Retiring for the Genius. "Six to 12 months of your living expenses," he says. "If you are 55 and faced with retiring soon, you should be able to do that."
• Consider what you want in retirement. Once people get into their 50s, they need to look at how early they can retire, based on what they want, says Joe Franklin, president of Franklin Wealth Management in Hixson, Tenn.  "Determine  at what age you are independent enough to say, 'I can keep working if I enjoy it or leave if I don't like it.'"
• Reduce debt. "The more you can lower your committed expenses, the more flexibility you have," says Sicchitano.
• Maximize contributions to your 401(k) and minimize fees. Jerry Schlichter, partner in the St. Louis law firm of Schlichter, Bogard & Denton, says the more attention you have paid to your retirement plan, the better you position yourself for an unexpected retirement. "You want to avoid paying fees that will deplete those assets. The Department of Labor has said a 1% difference in fees over a work life expectancy of 25 years will make a 28% difference in the retirement assets you have. Watch your fees,  and make sure they are appropriate. Your company has a duty to make sure you are paying reasonable fees.You should look at what those fees are."
If and when that unexpected and unwanted retirement does happen, here are eight tips on what to do.
1. Prepare for a range of emotions, says Janet Taylor, a New York City psychiatrist and consultant with AARP's Life Reimagined.  "Feel them and process them, but avoid feeling compelled to act on your feeling immediately," she says.
"Relax," says Freedman. "Don't panic. What you may not be able to do tomorrow, may be an opportunity to do something different down the road."
2. Examine your budget. "Make sure you are comfortable with how much it costs to support your living expenses," says Freedman. "Many people don't know what they spend. Grab your bank statements. Look at the total withdrawal number, add up six months of total withdrawals, multiply by two (giving you a year) and divide by 12."
When you are faced with a surprise entry into retirement, you have to identify your fixed expenses and your discretionary expenses, Freedman says.
3. Set up a time to talk to human resources, if possible. "Assess your resources and sources of support," says Taylor. "Lean on them.You are not alone."
4. Look at your current lifestyle. "Look at your current living environment and say, 'Can I support this lifestyle?'" says Freedman. You might have to downsize a bit. "Maybe it's stopping the support you are providing to your children and grandchildren," Freedman says. "There are a  lot of things you can consider."
It may not be easy, says Sullivan. "We can get you to be financially independent, but you have to make some major changes. Some people will go into denial and keep living as they were and not making changes, because it is an emotional issue.  You know it will be a train wreck if they keep going that way. Counseling them on the emotional side is just as important as the financial side."
5. Do not raid your 401(k). "It still is best to conserve assets in your 401(k) plan if at all possible because they are tax deferred, and you may pay penalties," says Schlichter. "It should be the last resort for an employee unexpectedly laid off."
6. Consider an encore career. "Maybe you look at unexpected retirement as a gift — as a chance for something you always wanted to do," says Sicchitano. "Retrain and enter a new chapter. Our first question is how retired are you going to be?"
7. If you are retiring for health reasons and are unable to work, visit the Social Security Administration. "You can apply for disability benefits," says Freedman. "It's the main reason Social Security was built. It was really a widow's, orphan's and disabled person's benefit. If you can't work for health reasons, you can apply for disability benefits and collect at whatever age you might be. If you have young children you can collect checks for them, too."
8. "Pay attention to your physical health," says Taylor. "Changes can be stressful. Monitor your sleep and strive for healthy diets and regular exercise to combat stress."

Fill  er Up: Gas Prices Could Slip Below $3/Gallon
Walmart: Tracy Morgan Partly To Blame In CrashWalmart: Tracy Morgan Partly To Blame In Truck Accident Because He Wasn't Wearing Seatbelt
 | By                                                                DAVID PORTER
reddit
DAVID PORTER, Associated Press
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — Actor-comedian Tracy Morgan and other people in a limousine struck from behind by a Wal-Mart truck on a highway in June are at least partly to blame for their injuries because they weren't wearing seatbelts, the company said in a court filing Monday.
The filing was made in federal court in response to a lawsuit Morgan filed in July over the accident, which killed his friend James McNair, who was accompanying the former "Saturday Night Live" and "30 Rock" star back from a show in Delaware. Morgan spent several weeks in rehab with rib and leg injuries.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc., based in Bentonville, Arkansas, said in the filing that the passengers' injuries were caused "in whole or in part" by their "failure to properly wear an appropriate available seatbelt restraint device," which it said constitutes unreasonable conduct.
An attorney representing Morgan and the other plaintiffs called Wal-Mart's contentions "surprising and appalling."
"It's disingenuous," attorney Benedict Morelli said. "It's not what they said they were going to do initially, which was take full responsibility. I'm very upset, not for myself but for the families I represent."
The lawsuit seeks a jury trial and punitive and compensatory damages. It says the retail giant should have known that its truck driver had been awake for more than 24 hours before the crash and that his commute of 700 miles from his home in Georgia to work in Delaware was "unreasonable." It also alleges the driver fell asleep at the wheel.
Wal-Mart spokeswoman Brooke Buchanan said in an email that the company "continues to stand willing to work with Mr. Morgan and the other plaintiffs to resolve this matter."
Passengers Ardley Fuqua and Jeffrey Millea and Millea's wife, Krista Millea, also are named as plaintiffs in the lawsuit. Krista Millea was not in the limousine when the crash occurred but is a plaintiff because she has a related loss-of-services lawsuit stemming from the crash.
Truck driver Kevin Roper, of Jonesboro, Georgia, pleaded not guilty to death by auto and assault by auto charges in state court. A criminal complaint also accuses him of not sleeping for more than 24 hours before the crash, a violation of New Jersey law.
A report by federal transportation safety investigators said Roper was driving 65 mph in the minute before he slammed into the limo van. The speed limit on that stretch of the New Jersey Turnpike is 55 mph and was lowered to 45 mph that night because of construction.
Roper had been on the job about 13 1/2 hours at the time of the crash, the report concluded. Federal rules permit truck drivers to work up to 14 hours a day, with a maximum of 11 hours behind the wheel.
More:

12 killed as speeding trains collide in Uttar Pradesh12 killed in train collision in Uttar Pradesh
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS –  Wed 1 Oct, 2014
Print
Lucknow: At least 12 people were killed and over 45 injured when two trains collided late Tuesday in Uttar Pradesh's Gorakhpur city, officials said.
The accident took place after Krishak Express jumped a signal that brought it on the same track as Barauni Express. The incident took place around 11:30 p.m. when the Barauni Express was passing the Nandanagar crossing.
The driver of the Krishak Express was to halt at the 'home signal' but he apparently jumped the red signal leading to a head on collision with the Barauni Express, officials said.
As a result of the collision, five unreserved general class coaches of the Barauni Express derailed. The Krishak Express tore through the fifth coach and badly damaged the sixth, seventh and the eight coach of the Barauni Express.
Drivers of the Krishak Express Ram Bahadur and Satyajeet Kumar escaped from the accident site, an official told IANS.
Public Relations Officer (PRO) of the North-Eastern Railways (NER) Alok Singh admitted that the drivers of the Krishak Express overshot the red signal. A probe has been ordered by the Railway Board into the incident, he said.
Gas cutters and cranes have been pressed into service and the Indian Air Force (IAF) personnel stationed nearby have joined the rescue and relief operations.
The district administration is also overseeing and coordinating the efforts between various agencies, a state home department official said.
Recommend

India Inc joins Clean India campaignNEW DELHI, October 2, 2014
Updated: October 2, 2014 15:31 IST
India Inc joins Clean India campaign
IANS
politics
Industry body Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) launched 'Mission -Sanitation of Schools (SoS)' drive under which it will work with companies to construct toilets across the country.
India Inc and public sector undertakings (PSUs) Thursday joined the Clean India campaign by pledging support and financial aid under corporate social responsibility (CSR) initiatives.
Industry body Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) launched 'Mission -Sanitation of Schools (SoS)' drive under which it will work with companies to construct toilets across the country.
"We have set up a mechanism to create awareness and encourage industry participation through our network of 64 offices in India, spread across 26 states and two union territories," said Sumit Mazumder, president designate, CII, and chairman, TIL Ltd.
"CII will mobilise construction of 10,000 toilets in the first phase, which is, by the end of fiscal year 2015-16. Based on the feedback and assessments on ground, in the next six months CII will announce targets for the second phase," it said.
Currently, it is estimated that per unit cost of construction of a toilet block for girls and separate block for boys will range from Rs.2 to Rs.5 lakh, depending on availability of water and other facilities.
The Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) started cleaning activities at its own headquarters here.
"We are happy and encouraged by the prime minister's call for a 'Clean India' by 2019. FICCI shares his vision for 'Swachch Bharat' and agrees that the entire nation needs to come forward and commit itself to this noble initiative," said A. Didar Singh, secretary general, FICCI.
The state-run Airports Authority of India (AAI) too launched its special cleaning drive at its facilities in various cities.
The PSU has identified 765 schools for construction of toilets in 37 districts in the country.
Power Minister Piyush Goyal announced that PSUs under his ministry will build one lakh toilets in schools within a year.
Goyal pointed out that there were enormous economic benefits of making the country clean like increase in tourism, employment opportunities and income.

Court attaches 3 000 acres of land belonging to companies run by Jayalalithaa s aidesOct 02, 2014 at  09:01pm IST
Court attaches 3,000 acres of land belonging to companies run by Jayalalithaa's aides
78
0
Bangalore: A special court on Thursday attached nearly 3,000 acres of property belonging to firms run by the aides of former Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa. According to the Court, the companies had acquired the land around Sirudavur, Payanur, Valajabad and Oothukkadu in Tamil Nadu illegally.
The court said that Jayalalitha's aides ran fake schemes to collect money from the public to buy these lands.
The ex-Tamil Nadu CM was handed down a four-year prison term and fined Rs 100 crore last week in a disproportionate assets case.
#jayalalithaa #aiadmk #bangalore court #disproportionate assets case
"Now the court has given the verdict and said that the accused didn't have a proper source of income to purchase these properties, and whatever properties were purchased were out of these funds. So the court has confiscated the properties and it amounts to about 3000 acres," Murugesh Maradi, assistant prosecutor in the Rs 66 crore assets case, said.
The court also concluded that a subscription scheme run by Jaya Publications for its paper - Namadu MGR - was a fraud. Jayalalithaa's lawyers had claimed that Rs 14 crore of the Rs 66 crore illegal wealth was actually money paid by the common public as subscription fee for the scheme. The court said that this scheme had no approval from the government.
Another flaw that went against Jayalalithaa was that the six companies set up by her aide Sasikala and others filed income tax returns after the chargesheet in the disproportionate assets case was filed. This was seen as an attempt to cover up for past sins.
The AIADMK chief's lawyers are now busy trying to get a stay on the attachment of her properties.
462

JPMorgan: We Are Not Aware of a New Cyber Attack
The 2016 presidential race and the coming death struggle within the GOPComments
By Paul Waldman October 2
There’s an interesting article in The Hill today about some early 2016 jockeying, and it shines a light on just how important this presidential campaign will be to the ongoing struggle within the GOP. Once next month’s elections are over, things are going to get very intense. Here’s an excerpt:
For the past year, Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) has been wooing his longtime friend Jeb Bush to jump into the 2016 presidential race, even as he has shunned potential Tea Party rivals like Sens. Ted Cruz of Texas and Rand Paul of Kentucky.
Boehner stepped up his lobbying efforts this week, singing the former Florida governor’s praises in a pair of media interviews.
The Speaker’s preference for yet another Bush White House run is partly political, partly personal. He sees Bush as undeniably the strongest, most viable candidate who could pull the party together after a bruising primary and take on a formidable Hillary Clinton, sources said. And the two men are aligned politically, hailing from the same centrist strand of the GOP.
The next presidential campaign will shape how we all understand the eight-year intra-Republican bloodbath that will have lasted through the Obama presidency, in a way that the 2012 election didn’t. While most of the candidates in 2012 spent plenty of time pandering to the Tea Party, none of them were birthed by the movement. All of the real contenders had been around for a long time, some for decades.
In contrast, 2016 will be the first presidential election in which some of the GOP candidates rose to prominence after Barack Obama’s election. Three potential candidates (Rand Paul, Marco Rubio, and Scott Walker) first got elected to their current positions during the revolution of 2010, and one other (Ted Cruz) two years later. Even if only Cruz among them is still considered a 100 percent pure Tea Partier, this is going to be a primary race defined by a generational split between those who rode the Tea Party to prominence and those who came to public attention before.
If you’re John Boehner, somebody like Ted Cruz getting the Republican nomination would be a terrible rebuke, not just because Cruz has personally been such a pain in Boehner’s behind (constantly encouraging conservative House members to turn against the Speaker), but also because of what it would say about this period in Republican history. If a real Tea Partier were elected, Boehner’s entire Speakership would look like nothing more than roadkill along the way — the “GOP establishment” had done nothing but resist the inevitable, by trying to keep the Tea Party in check, for too long. On the other hand, someone like Jeb Bush becoming president would mean that all the aggravation Boehner endured wasn’t futile; he held the barbarians back, prevented them from ruining the GOP, and the party came through on the other side by taking back the White House.
On the other hand, nothing would be worse for Boehner and other establishment figures than somebody like Bush getting the GOP nomination but then losing to Hillary Clinton — and short of a Tea Partier winning the presidency, nothing would be better for the base conservatives. Those conservatives could say: Look, we’ve tried nominating old, familiar, establishment Republicans three times in a row now, and all it got us was President Obama and now President Clinton. We can’t repeat the same mistake in 2020. It’ll be an awfully compelling argument to those in the party, even if the counter-argument — that nominating someone like Cruz would be a complete disaster — might be true.
It’s possible that a candidate who successfully bridges the two sides could emerge (for instance, Indiana governor Mike Pence could be that candidate ). And the establishment folks are going to try to play down the idea that there’s any “battle for the soul of the Republican party” going on at all, since that’s a battle they aren’t sure they can win. But the battle is real, and its outcome, at least for the next decade or two, could be determined by what kind of Republican gets the 2016 nomination, whether he wins or loses, and more broadly, what kind of GOP we have in coming years.

Officials say as many as 100 had contact with Ebola patient; four have been quarantinedBy Mark Berman October 2 Follow @markberman
The family that hosted Ebola patient Thomas Eric Duncan could be confined for three weeks. Health officials are reaching out to as many as 100 people who may have had contact with Duncan or someone who knows him. (AP)
Public health officials in Texas said Thursday that as many as 100 people may have had contact with the Liberian man diagnosed with Ebola. Four of these people, at least some of whom are believed to be family members of the man, have been ordered to remain at home in an attempt to prevent the spread of the disease.
Still, authorities continued to stress that only Thomas Eric Duncan, who is the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States, had exhibited any Ebola symptoms.
“The only person who’s had symptoms is Mr. Duncan, who’s in the hospital,” Dallas County Judge Clay Jenkins said during a news conference Thursday afternoon. “And no one who has been around Mr. Duncan in the time he has been symptomatic has shown any indication of having contracted Ebola.”
It is unclear how many people had direct contact with Duncan, who flew on commercial flights to Dallas from Liberia last month. Authorities say the number of people who require monitoring will be much lower once that is determined.
Some students have not returned to the schools attended by five students who are believed to have had contact with Duncan, the school district reported. Attendance is down at these campuses, even as nurses have begun regularly visiting classrooms and counselors have been made available for students.
Liberian authorities said Thursday they plan to prosecute Duncan for lying on an airport questionnaire , because he said he had not cared for an Ebola patient or touched anyone who had died from the disease, according to the Associated Press .
Before leaving Liberia, Duncan had his temperature taken at the airport in Monrovia by a person who had been trained by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. A thermometer approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration showed he did not have a fever.
The screening at the airport in Monrovia, the capital, has been in place for months, Deborah R. Malac, the U.S. ambassador to Liberia, said in a telephone interview Thursday.
“They have confidence that everything that was supposed to have been done was done,” Malac said.
An immigration expert and critic of the Obama administration’s immigration policies said Thursday that Duncan  should not have been issued a visitor’s visa because he presented a high risk of remaining in the country illegally. She called on Washington to follow the example of several African countries, which have recently banned all visitors from Liberia and other countries affected by the outbreak of the Ebola virus.
Jessica Vaughn, a researcher affiliated with the nonprofit Center for Immigration Studies in Washington, said U.S. officials had made one “mistake” by issuing Duncan a visa last year and a second error by allowing him to enter the country.
“If you look at his circumstances, it should have been really tough for him to qualify for a visa,” Vaughn said. She noted that Duncan reportedly was jobless, living away from his home country and had a number of relatives in the U.S. — all factors that often indicate a person is unlikely to return home after their visa expires. “He clearly appears unqualified.”
Other immigration experts disagreed with this assessment and the suggestion of a travel ban, saying the current U.S. visa screening process has been made extremely rigorous in the past decade and that international health agencies oppose shutting down travel to and from the Ebola-stricken region.
A health care worker checks the temperature of a jet arriving in Monrovia, Liberia. (Michel du Cille/The Washington Post)
Doris Meissner, who headed the federal immigration agency in the 1990s and is now a senior fellow at the Migration Policy Institute in Washington, argued against banning travel from the region. She noted that the World Health Organization and other health agencies have said that closing borders and banning travel can be counterproductive because they “weaken the ability to mobilize and respond” to a health crisis.
Additional screening protocols have been added since the beginning of the Ebola outbreak, which has killed more than 3,300 people in West Africa, according to the World Health Organization.
Duncan began showing symptoms about four or five days after arriving, said Thomas Friden, director of the CDC. He visited Texas Health Presbyterian in Dallas shortly thereafter for medical treatment because he had a fever and some abdominal pain, telling a nurse that he had traveled from Liberia, but that information was not relayed to the other health care workers and he was released.
“This is a very sophisticated hospital,” said David Lakey, commissioner of the Texas Department of State Health Services, during the same conference call. “They’ve done a lot of education related to preparedness for Ebola…Unfortunately, connections weren’t made related to travel history and symptoms.”
As a result, Duncan left the hospital during the period when health officials say he was symptomatic, which is the only time Ebola becomes contagious. A little more than two days later, he returned to the same hospital in an ambulance and was placed in isolation after being recognized as a potential Ebola patient. He vomited outside an apartment complex as he was being taken into the ambulance, Reuters reported.
Duncan’s nephew told NBC News that he had to call the CDC himself to report the possible Ebola infection on Sunday. Frieden said the CDC was not aware of such a contact, but said they were looking into it.
The CDC says the list of 100 people being assessed includes “potential, possible contacts.” Many, but not all, of these people had been interviewed by Thursday, Thomas Frieden, director of the CDC, said in a conference call with reporters. The CDC has a team of 10 people, including five “disease detectives,” on the ground in Texas to help with the response and identify anyone who may have come into contact with Duncan.
Boxes of food are delivered to the apartment where Duncan was staying. (Larry W. Smith/EPA)
Four of the people on this list, at least two of whom are relatives of Duncan’s, have been ordered by state and county health officials to remain home until at least Oct. 19, with a local law enforcement officer stationed there to enforce this order. The order, which was delivered by local health officials on Wednesday night, says that they cannot have visitors without approval, has to provide blood samples and must agree to any testing.
While authorities seemed reluctant to go into detail about why these four people were quarantined, they said it had to do with making sure they remained at home and accessible for monitoring.
“They were non-compliant with the request to stay home,” Jenkins said. “I don’t want to go too far beyond that.”
Jenkins said that while the order was unusual, it was necessary in this case, adding that it was important not to have “people leaving the premises on a regular basis” against the wishes of authorities.
“We do not intend to have to do that again,” he said. “But there’s nothing more important than keeping you safe.”
People who have come into direct contact with an Ebola patient who has symptoms must be watched for three weeks, beginning on the last day they had that contact. This process, which is called contact tracing, involves observing them for symptoms such as a high fever, at which point a person will be isolated.
“These individuals do not have any symptoms,” Lakey said. “At this time, they are healthy. There’s no risk they have spread disease to any other individual.”
But he later said, “The information I was given, I couldn’t be confident that that monitoring was going to take place the way I needed it to take place.”
There are also issues of hygiene at this apartment, including properly disposing of the sheets on which Duncan slept and his belongings. The home had not been cleaned by Thursday afternoon, as there has “been a little bit of hesitancy” in finding someone willing to do it, Lakey said.
The sheets and Duncan’s belongings have been placed into a sealed plastic bag, and they will be disposed of by a contractor who agreed to clean the home and who has worked with hospitals on medical clean-ups before, Jenkins said.
Three other people who came into contact with Johnson are the Dallas Fire Rescue crew members who took Duncan to the hospital. They are going to remain home and will be checked for symptoms over the same three-week period.
If another case of Ebola does occur in the Dallas area, emergency rooms in the county are prepared to handle it, said Zachary Thompson, director of Dallas County Health and Human Services.
“The plain truth is, we can’t make the risk zero until the outbreak is controlled in West Africa,” Frieden said. “What we can do is minimize that risk, as is being done now in Dallas.”
President Obama called Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings to discuss the response the Ebola case and pledged and reiterated his confidence in America’s doctors and national health infrastructure to handle this case safely and effectively, according to White House spokesman Eric Schultz.
Duncan flew on two commercial planes that landed at two of the busiest airports in the U.S. on Sept. 20. He boarded a United Airlines flight from Brussels to Dulles International Airport before changing planes to board another United flight to Dallas-Fort Worth. But  authorities said this posed no danger to his fellow travelers or anyone who later boarded those planes, because he was not symptomatic and therefore not contagious.
As they have since Duncan was diagnosed Tuesday, public health officials assured the public that they could contain the virus.
“The bottom line here is that we remain confident that we can contain any spread of Ebola in the United States,” Frieden said. “There could be additional cases who are already exposed. If that occurs, systems are in place.”
Amy Ellis Nutt in Dallas, Tex., Pam Constable, Katie Zezima and Kevin Sieff contributed to this report.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

REPORT: Cyber Attack Hit More Than HALF Of All U.S. Householdsreddit
A cyber attack at America's biggest bank this summer affected more than half of all U.S. households -- far, far more than previously estimated, and the latest in a string of massive, unnerving data breaches.
The attack at JPMorgan Chase affected the data of 76 million households and 7 million businesses, the bank said in a regulatory filing on Thursday.
That impact was far bigger than earlier estimates that about 1 million customers had been affected, the New York Times noted . It represents more than half of the roughly 115 million households in America.
Hackers attacked the bank's computer systems periodically between mid-June and mid-August, according to The Wall Street Journal. The attackers accessed customer names, email addresses, phone numbers and physical addresses, along with "internal JPMorgan Chase information relating to such users," the bank said in its regulatory filing . The bank didn't describe what sort of information that was.
The bank said it has seen no evidence that "account numbers, passwords, user IDs, dates of birth or Social Security numbers" were taken, and it has not yet seen any signs of fraudulent activity using the leaked data.
JPMorgan Chase representatives did not immediately return a request for further comment on the breach, which is under investigation by the FBI. Earlier on Thursday, a NYT report on the JPMorgan filing mistakenly suggested that the bank had suffered a second major breach. The paper has since corrected that story .
For context on the size of this breach, a recent cyber attack against Home Depot affected 56 million customer cards, in what was reported to be the biggest retail hack in history. Late last year, a data breach at Target affected roughly 40 million customers at the height of the holiday shopping season.
More:

A place with true respect for the working stiffIn other countries, people worry about potable water, random air strikes and whether this year’s batch of nominally elected leaders will sweep through their neighborhood, looking for dissenters who might look better at the bottom of an open grave.
In Washington, we worry about dive bars.
Excuse the hyperbole. I just want you to know the $20 Diner understands there are tragedies greater than a dearth of dumpy watering holes where old-timers suck down cheap, corn-sweet lagers, oblivious to the fact their body odor could pop open beer bottles. But like some of my colleagues, I do mourn the loss of the District’s iconic dive bars . I even fret about the makeovers of once crusty (and encrusted) establishments, whether the Tune Inn or Hawk & Dove , which have lost a layer of charm along with their accumulated layers of grime.
Patrons sit at the bar at Bravo Bar. (Katherine Frey/The Washington Post)
Bars, like any business, must evolve with changing times and tastes to survive, and the urban dive, often crouched low in a rapidly gentrifying neighborhood, is the most vulnerable of all: a drunk Joe Namath unaware of his own insignificance. But every time we kill off one of these dive bars and dump them in their own open grave, we lose a bit of our humanity, the part of us that knows sharing a drink with neighbors should never be the exclusive right of those who can afford a $9 craft beer. Dive bars are classless in the best sense of the term.
I understand some overprivileged types enjoy liquefying themselves in dive bars because the very act conveys a hipper-than-thou status: You’re cool enough to knock back beer with people you wouldn’t associate with outside these walls. But these people are nothing more than trophy hunters, accumulating exotic experiences to relate to their fellow world travelers. True barflies seek out the company of dives because, deep down in their soul, they feel most comfortable there.
Which brings me to Bravo Bar, a Georgia Avenue operation that appears to border both the Pleasant Plains and Park View neighborhoods. The small, black-box-theater of a bar isn’t built for memorable drinking or dining. Its full bar comes stocked with bottles that would satisfy (Patron) and horrify (Pinnacle Cinnabon vodka) the standard-issue mixologist who can stomach only small-batch or conventionally validated spirits. Its beer list aims no higher than a Loose Cannon IPA while embracing such poundable, budget-minded brands as Miller Lite and Stroh’s. The menu, a multicultural mix of pupusas, falafel and burgers, sells everything for $8 or less. The buy-one-get-one-free happy hour runs till 8 p.m. to catch those battle-weary cube warriors arriving home late from work.
A pupusa and wings at Bravo Bar. (Katherine Frey/The Washington Post)
Bravo Bar feels as comfortable as that worn couch where you’ve spent hours watching the home team break your heart.
Conversely, I fell for Bravo on the night the Nationals clinched the National League East title . The Stones and CCR provided the backbeat as Drew Storen slammed the door on the Atlanta Braves and I polished off a loosely packed burger that was well-seasoned, sheathed in cheddar and about 10 times better than it needed to be at that moment. I would have been happy with a Poor Man’s Big Mac , but this thick patty — a come-hither shade of pink, slipped inside a soft Kaiser roll — was the icing on the burger. The mayo on the cake? The cheddar on the patty inside the three-layer cake? You get the idea.
The Bravo burger at Bravo Bar. (Katherine Frey/The Washington Post)
Michael Ressom, one of three Ethio­pian brothers who officially opened Bravo in January, can often be found behind the bar, making sure customers take advantage of their free drink during happy hour. He lives in the neighborhood, too, which may explain why he so easily slips into the gracious, avuncular role: He’s taking care of his own. He hangs their artwork on his black-and-red walls. He gives them a place to watch the game, or just play one, from cards to Rock ’Em Sock ’Em Robots. He even works to feed them well, all for the price of a plate of pommes frites at Le Diplomate.
Almost everything on the tiny menu is made in-house, save of course for the split hot dog, part of Bravo’s $6 happy-hour combo: a shot of Jim Beam, a can of PBR and an all-American weiner, the working man’s tasting menu. Think of it as a tonic for your small-plates malaise.
Michael Ressom, co-owner of Bravo Bar. (Katherine Frey/The Washington Post)
I would gladly reorder more than half of Bravo’s menu, starting with the burger, without feeling as if I were taking on a charity case. The pepper-flecked cheesesteak with caramelized onions, the thick-shelled pupusa stuffed fat with black beans and cheese, the hot-and-meaty wings, the crunchy-and-creamy falafel wrap, the coated wedge fries. All of these plates are executed with the kind of care I didn’t expect from a corner pub. The kitchen’s attention to dishes that would bore the average culinary school graduate reminds me of a quote widely attributed to the ultimate barfly, Charles Bukowski :
“To do a dull thing with style, now that’s what I call art.”
Maybe Bravo Bar isn’t art; its comically thin and dry grilled cheese sandwich certainly isn’t. But the place is something just as needed: a modern dive. Bravo may not have the age, the thin veneer of grease or the cranky regulars to fit the classic definition, but it has the soul of a dive. Bravo understands that a dive has a fundamental respect for a city’s working stiffs, even the low-level bureaucratic flunkies so easily dismissed in Washington, and it gives them a place to feel good about life. At least for a little while.
Bravo Bar
2917 Georgia Ave. NW. 202-629-2583.
Hours: Sunday-Thursday 5 p.m. to midnight; Friday-Saturday 5 p.m. to 3 a.m.
Nearest Metro: Columbia Heights or Georgia Avenue-Petworth, each with a 0.6-mile walk to the bar.
Food prices: $3-$8.
Tim Carman serves as the full-time writer for the Post's Food section and as the $20 Diner for the Weekend section, a double duty that requires he ingest more calories than a draft horse.

Narendra Modi challenges Salman Khan  Priyanka Chopra: Top 10 factsNarendra Modi's 'Swachh Bharat' challenge to Salman Khan, Priyanka Chopra, Anil Ambani: 10 facts
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 03 2014, 10:27  IST
Oct 03 2014, 10:27  IST
 

LK Advani saves BJP-Shiv Sena alliance at the Centre67
0
Mumbai: Lal Krishna Advani, the BJP patriarch, has expressed remorse over the sudden collapse of 25-year-old alliance between the BJP and the Shiv Sena. He has also emphasized that the relationship with the former allies should be maintained, while speaking to reporters in Ahmedabad. He admitted that even though the BJP is a dominating force at the centre, yet the alliance would have helped both the parties in having a strong hold at the centre as well as at the state level. It is noteworthy that Advani has always maintained a very cordial relationship with the Late Balasaheb Thackeray and his party and has backed the Shiv Sena on many national as well state issues.
On the backdrop of alliance-breakup, Uddhav Thackeray conveyed to Advani about the manner the Maha Yuti or Grand Alliance was destroyed by the BJP and later he conveyed his hurt sentiments to Nitin Gadkari saying that the way BJP handled the entire situation was unjust keeping in mind the friendly relationship BJP and Shiv Sena shared in the past. However, Nitin Gadkari argued that the BJP should be given more seats in the state elections.
Earlier, Uddhav had announced the resignation of Anant Geete, Minister for Heavy Industries, from the Union cabinet, following the remarks made by Raj Thackeray on the need to quit the NDA government. He had said that if Balasaheb Thackeray was alive today, he would have replied to the BJP by kicking the BJP out completely. However, after a consultation with Advani, who advised Uddhav not to take any decisions in haste, Shiv Sena chief has announced that the final decision will be taken after sometime.
Earlier, Uddhav had announced the resignation of Anant Geete, Minister for Heavy Industries, from the Union cabinet, following the remarks made by Raj Thackeray on the need to quit the NDA government.
#lk advani #bjp #shiv sena #nitin gadkari
Soon after that Anant Geete announced that he will not resign from the cabinet. Uddhav Thackeray also announced that the Shiv Sena's stand on supporting the BJP government at the Centre will be clarified only after discussions with the Prime Minister  Narendra Modi.
Interestingly, Nitin Gadkari in an interview expressed the possibility of the re-alliance with the Shiv Sena after the elections. He added that it all depends on the political situation prevailing in the state after the election results.
Sanjeev Unhale is former executive editor of a leading Marathi daily Lokmat, Aurangabad. He writes on Maharashtra assembly election for ibnlive
162

BJP backstabbed Shiv Sena; no joining hands with MNS: Aditya Thackeray19
1
Mumbai: Even as the Shiv Sena has parted ways with its 25-year-old ally Bharatiya Janata Party, Aditya Thackeray is confident that the Hindu outfit will manage to form government in Maharashtra post the upcoming Assembly elections.
Speaking to CNN-IBN, the Sena's youth wing leader said that the BJP backstabbed the party . He said, "There were always elements in the BJP that wanted to break the alliance. The BJP and Shiv Sena always had arguments but never had fights. Once BJP's 'acche din' started, they did not want us. We were not treated well. We feel back stabbed. BJP backstabbed us in spite of rising to prominence because of us - for the benefit of Maharashtra."
Ties between BJP and Shiv Sena soured in wake of the former's growing prominence in the national scene post the Lok Sabha elections which was followed by a demand of greater seat share in the Maharashtra Assembly elections.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #bjp #shiv sena #aditya thackeray elections
Thackeray said that there was lack of proper communication between the parties when meetings to chalk strategies over seat sharing began. "The Communication could have been better, we got updates through the media," he remarked.
He also lambasted the BJP for criticising Uddhav Thackeray's aspirations on becoming the CM in case the alliance came to power. "What is wrong with aspiring for the CM's post? Why was the BJP aspiring for the PM's post during the general elections," asked the junior Thackeray.
He also ruled out any possibilities of joining hands with Uncle Raj Thackeray's Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS). "The MNS and Shiv Sena are on different paths. From being friends to enemies. There is no talk of coming tomorrow," he said.
261

House of Cards  Actress s Condo For Sale
Luxury retailers look further afield as Hong Kong protests weighThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

http://usat.ly/YViZiwFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
'Jobs Friday' puts focus on Fed, stocks
It's "Jobs Friday" — again! No data point gets as much scrutiny, as much instant analysis or as much financial media coverage than the U.S. government's monthly employment report.
Post to Facebook
'Jobs Friday' puts focus on Fed, stocks It's "Jobs Friday" — again! No data point gets as much scrutiny, as much instant analysis or as much financial media coverage than the U.S. government's monthly employment report. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vBZQyY
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
'Jobs Friday' puts focus on Fed, stocks
Adam Shell , USA TODAY 10:54 p.m. EDT October 2, 2014
A jobs sign hangs above the entrance to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce building in Washington, DC in this December 13, 2011 file photo.
(Photo: Karen Bleier, AFP/Getty Images)
3 CONNECT 45 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
It's "Jobs Friday" — again!
No data point gets as much scrutiny, as much instant analysis or as much financial media coverage than the U.S. government's monthly employment report.
So let the monthly teeth-grinding and nail-biting on Wall Street begin as the Bureau of Labor Statistics lets investors around the world know how many jobs were created in the U.S. last month.
The consensus opinion of Wall Street economists is that 215,000 jobs were created in September, up from a disappointing 142,000 in August, according to Bespoke Investment Group. The unemployment rate is expected to remain unchanged at 6.1%.
USA TODAY special report: Where the jobs are
These two data points are potentially market-moving numbers, as they could influence the Federal Reserve's interest-rate policy decisions and offer insights into the health of the economy and labor market.
If the jobs number comes in too strong, it could "push market participants to scale back their appetite for risk and spur a further decline in U.S. stocks," as it could boost expectations for an earlier-than-expected rate hike next year, says David Song, a currency analyst at DailyFX.
The September jobs report comes at a time of great anxiety, as the stock market has suffered a serious stumble the past two weeks amid an array of new risks that few anticipated a month ago, including the first U.S. Ebola case, the pro-democracy protest in Hong Kong and the U.S. bombing of Islamic State targets in Iraq and Syria.

Here is Mahatma Gandhis first interview on filmGandhi spinning in an undated photo.(AP Photo)
SHARE
Scroll.in
October 3, 2014
Yesterday was the 145th birth anniversary of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi, the architect of the Indian Independence movement. No other member of the freedom generation has inspired so many books, pamphlets, films and works of art.
This clip recorded in 1931 is thought to be Gandhiji’s first interview documented on film. The Father of the Nation gives his views on satyagraha, child marriage and prohibition. When asked whether he would die for India’s independence, he passes it off as a bad question.
This post first appeared on Scroll.in .
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

BJP rubbishes Chidambaram s claim over Swachh BharatThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

I played no role in Sena-BJP break up: NCP chief SharadPawarPrint
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 3, 2014 3:59 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 4:04 pm
Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief Sharad Pawar has denied the claims made by Raj Thackeray that the former had a hand in BJP and Shiv Sena parting ways.
Speaking at a campaign rally on Thursday, MNS chief had said that Pawar had conveyed to the BJP leaders that the NCP will also break ties with Congress if they break their alliance with Sena. On September 26, NCP had announced it’s decision to break the alliance within an hour of BJP making the decision of the split with Sena public.
Addressing the media in Pune on Friday, Pawar denied this charge.
“I played no role whatsoever in Sena-BJP breakup. I must thank Raj Thackeray for portraying me as a leader who can influence the decisions of a rival national party. We announced our decision to break the alliance with Congress on the same day because there wasn’t much time left. With only 24 hours to go for the nomination filing deadline, we had to announce our decision so that we could file nominations for all assembly constituencies,” said Pawar.
Pawar said he did not anticipate that the NCP would be forced to take the extreme step, as Congress Chief Sonia Gandhi and several other senior Congress leaders were “extremely positive” about continuing the Cong-NCP alliance in Maharashtra.
“When I met Sonia Gandhi, she was extremely positive about the continuation of the alliance in the state. Several other senior leaders also shared her feelings. We also had several rounds of the meetings with the national leaders and the state leaders.
“However, while these talks were on, we learnt that the Congress had announced a list of 110 candidates which also contained names of constituencies which we had demanded for NCP. This showed their intentions. So we did not have any other option than to fight alone,” said Pawar. He said that NCP had prepared to contest only 130-135 seats and hence had to do a lot of running around at the eleventh hour to finalise candidates in all constituencies.
Pawar said the political situation has changed in four months and the BJP would not be able to repeat the success of Lok Sabha polls in the assembly polls in Maharashtra. He said that the ‘Modi factor’ will also have limited success.
“The scenario at the time of the Lok Sabha polls was completely different that what we have today. The Lok Sabha polls was kind of a referendum on two personalities — on one side BJP’s Narendra Modi and on the other side Congress’ Rahul Gandhi. People chose Modi. Now situation has changed on two counts. One, voters in the state think differently about the Lok Sabha polls and Vidhan Sabha polls.
“If they voted for a certain party to give a stable government in the center doesn’t mean that they would choose the same party in the state also. Two, the Modi-wave has started to subside as was visible in the bypolls held in UP and Rajasthan. It can’t be a co-incident that BJP lost eight out of nine seats in UP continued…

Not renegade BJP but we have right to take decisions on culture  people: ShivSenaPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 3, 2014 3:58 pm
Terming its former ally BJP a “renegade”, the Shiv Sena on Friday renewed its attack on the party and claimed that decisions related to cultural aspects of the state can only be taken by them and not by a deserter.
“The people of Maharashtra will ensure that the Shiv Sena comes to power. Decisions related to the history, culture and self respect of the people of Maharashtra can be taken only by the Sena as we have earned that right. We hope that today’s Shastra Puja turns out to be an inspiration for our people,” the Sena said in its editorial mouthpiece ‘Saamna.’
Shastra Puja is held on the ninth day of the Navratri festival, celebrated as ‘Mahanavami’ and ‘shastra’ (weapons) used by Goddess Durga are worshipped on this day.
“We have given our blood and sacrificed our lives for Maharashtra. Only we can, therefore take decisions for benefit of our people. Weapons do not look good with people who are deserters (referring to the BJP),” the Sena said.
It further added that this Dussehra will be the start of a true saffron wave in the state.

This is why Hong Kong mattersThis is why Hong Kong matters
By Charles Riley   @CRrileyCNN October 3, 2014: 8:20 AM ET
 
Protests spread to Hong Kong's luxury district
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
It's an extraordinary scene: Tens of thousands of people pouring into the streets of a Chinese city, demanding the right to elect a leader of their choosing.
Yet that's what happened this week in Hong Kong -- a former British colony that rose to prominence as a trade hub and gateway to China.
Since it was returned to Beijing in 1997, the territory has been ruled under the principle of "one country, two systems," transforming itself along the way into a global financial hub.
Many Hong Kongers hope Beijing will drop a proposal to screen all candidates for the city's top office. Protesters and Hong Kong officials are due to meet for talks soon.
But what's so special about this city that is often ranked as one of the best places to do business? And why does the standoff matter to the world economy?
Massive market
The city's stock exchange is the second biggest in Asia after Tokyo. The companies listed on its main board are worth a whopping $3.1 trillion.
While that's a lot of money, even more important is the role the market plays in allowing companies from mainland China to raise cash, matching them up with foreign investors who want to profit from the world's second biggest economy.
Last year, those companies raised $45.3 billion in Hong Kong, including 45 separate IPOs. And despite the trail blazed by Alibaba ( BABA , Tech30 ) to New York last month, Hong Kong remains the only place where that exchange happens regularly on a large scale.
A trading titan
Hong Kong has only 7 million residents, but is ranked 10th in the world in terms of exports. That's 2.7% of the world's total export trade -- not shabby for a territory that covers an area slightly larger than New York's five boroughs.
The city's massive container port is always humming, and countries with half the world's population are within five hours' flying time.
Investment gateway
As the chart above shows, Hong Kong's star has dimmed over the past two decades when compared to the rapid growth that turned China into a global power.
Hong Kong's real significance these days is in the services and stability it offers multinational companies and China itself.
China is the world's second largest recipient of foreign direct investment, and nearly two-thirds of that flows through Hong Kong.
Related: Hong Kong teacher travels 3,000 miles to fight for democracy
One major selling point is Hong Kong's ironclad rule of law and its independent judiciary. Businesses place an enormous amount of faith in the city's ability to resolve disputes fairly. They have no such faith in China's courts.
Hong Kong also plays a valuable role in China's efforts to promote the yuan as a trusted -- and traded -- currency. The city has a thriving market, for example, for bonds denominated in yuan.
Mistrust of Beijing
Despite the close ties between the kissing cousins, more than 56% of Hong Kong residents have lost confidence in the "one country, two systems" arrangement that provides the basis for Beijing rule. As recently as 2007, nearly 80% of residents said they were confident in the deal struck between China and the U.K.
The issue drawing most attention at present is the procedure for selecting Hong Kong's chief executive. But there are other signs of fissure: Many Hong Kong residents are upset over rising property prices fueled by mainland buyers, and their consumption of social services.
If relations were to become even more strained, Hong Kong and China will pay a high price.
First Published: October 3, 2014: 6:21 AM ET
Most Popular

E-Visa may make Visa-on-arrival redundant: Tourism Minister12
0
Panaji: Union Tourism Ministry said that the visa-on-arrival facility, which is being mulled for large number of countries might become redundant once e-visa facility is introduced.
"Visa on arrival (VoA) for six airports would be extended within a month. But moreover we are working for e-visa facility which will help tourists to get their travel document by applying online. Once e-visa facility is introduced, VoA is likely to become redundant," Union Tourism Minister Sripad Naik, said.
The minister, however, said it is always better if the traveller have both, visa-on-arrival and e-visa, facilities which will aid airports to increase number of footfalls in the country.
Naik said that the Union Home Ministry is working out on the possibility of e-visa, considering the security point of view.
#visa #e  visa #tourism minister #sripad naik
Naik said that the Union Home Ministry is working out on the possibility of e-visa, considering the security point of view.
"The procedures are going on (for e-visa). Union Home Ministry is checking the security of airport and other aspects," he said.
Naik stated that the entire procedure for e-visa facility will be in place by June next year. Home ministry in the past had raised concern over security issues while implementing the facility.
Naik said that the help of Interpol can also be taken while scrutinising the applications of the tourists for visa in the country.
"The worry is that the criminal should not enter the state taking advantage of e-visa facility," he added.
3

More than 2000 Bru refugees return to MizoramOct 03, 2014 at 03:24pm IST
More than 2000 Bru refugees return to Mizoram
4
0
Aizawl: At least 2,136 Bru refugees have returned to Mizoram from the six relief camps in Tripura since June 21 last, state Home Department officials said.
The Bru refugees entered Mizoram on their own after discontinuation of the official repatriation process and settled in different villages in Mamit district, they said.
The self-repatriated Brus would be given rehabilitation and resettlement package only after being identified as bona-fide residents of Mizoram, the officials said.
2,136 Bru refugees have returned to Mizoram from the six relief camps in Tripura since June 21 last, state Home Department officials said.
#bru refugees #mizoram #home department #relief camps
Mamit-based Bru Coordination Committee Chairman Elvis Chorkhy alleged that those who were willing to return to Mizoram were threatened and obstructed by some people.
Joint NGO leaders at the relief camps and Bru leaders like A Sawibunga, President of the Mizoram Bru Displaced People's Forum (MBDPF), however, claimed that the Bru people, did not want to return to Mizoram unless their demands were met.
The MBDPF has been demanding among other things that the rehabilitation and resettlement package should be increased from Rs 85,000 to Rs 1.5 lakh per family and that the free ration to be provided to the repatriated families should be extended from one year to two years.
0

Corporates adopt monuments  cities in  Clean India  campaignOct 03, 2014 at 03:22pm IST
Corporates adopt monuments, cities in 'Clean India' campaign
36
0
Panaji: Corporate houses have joined hands with the Union government to keep various cities and historic monuments across the country clean, Union Tourism Minister Sripad Naik said on Friday.
Naik said that corporates like ONGC have come forward to adopt twelve destinations including Taj Mahal (Agra), Lal Quila (Delhi), Purana Quila (Delhi), which they will keep clean at their own expense.
He said that industrialists and corporate houses have also expressed interest in adopting various cities across the country.
Naik said that industrialists and corporate houses have also expressed interest in adopting various cities across the country.
#corporates #clean india #clean india campaign #tourism minister
"The corporate houses can display their banners in places where they have adopted," the minister said. Naik said that with corporate and industrialists volunteering in large numbers to contribute for the 'Clean India' campaign, changes would be visible within next one year.
He said that Goa is also included in the list the cities that would be adopted by industrialists. Wielding the broom himself, Prime Minister Narendra Modi yesterday on the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti, launched the 'Clean India' campaign joined by chief ministers, lawmakers, prominent personalities from various fields along with lakhs of countrymen in a mass-drive that is expected to cost nearly Rs 2 lakh crore.
3

Europe s economy sick and getting worse
     ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Dishman no worries 190 k lia m nt holding m holdin for much more..tvs ...Gold Member
750 Followers
dishman is trading abv its 15 days moving avrg n bounces frm these levels..its trafing abv the middle bollinger band..looks to b seen if it can squeese abv the upper band level of 189.29 levels..sumwere around 186-188 atleast on closing basis looks possibl.

Technical analysis of anik ind(cmp 33.75): round bottom chart pa...Platinum Member
933 Followers
Dear Niceworld, Its been a long time ! Hope all is well at your end. Happy to see all your picks do well, esp. GRANULES ! I had brought to your notice, last year a few scrips including MARKSANS PHARMA, VIMTA LABS etc. which all have been 10 BAGGERS. Dear Niceworld, now I would like to again draw your attention to another scrip BODAL CHEMICALS (CMP-40.05), which fundamentally I expect a target of Rs 300-360 by same time next year. As you are the technical ultimate that I know of, and as always I bring my picks to your notice for your expert TA.
Right now 2 most important triggers - stock coming out of CDR   a BUMPER Q2 on OCT 31 are round the corner.
Regards

Sir can we have the diwali price of kaashyap tech relisting in bse as ...New Member
0 Follower
One more liar, kindly note there will be no re-listing on his Diwali 2014 as promoter are enjoying their life on the money of small shareholders from the day Kaashyap Technology ltd was suspended from BSE.
9.33 PM Sep 29th

Bond markets pricing in US rate rise: Reserve BankBond markets pricing in US rate rise: Reserve Bank
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 02, 2014 12:30 AM IST
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday said domestic bond markets had already factored in some of the impact of a possible interest rate rise in the US, following strong jobs data last month.
“A fair bit of bond prices have priced in what is likely to happen in the US,” RBI Deputy Governor Urjit Patel said in a post-monetary policy conference call. “The amount we are talking about is what has not been priced in. There are judgements on how much and how quickly the interest rates in the US will rise.”
RBI, however, clarified the monetary policy wouldn’t be decided on external factors. “Our policy will be determined solely by reading our inflation data point and projections thereof,” Patel said.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan, who also participated in the conference call, said as inflation data was released, the central bank would have a better view of things and adjust accordingly. “So, I shouldn’t assume we’re either biased towards raising rates or cutting rates at this point,” he said.
At its bi-monthly monetary policy review on Tuesday, RBI kept the repo rate unchanged at eight per cent, citing upside risks to its inflation target of six per cent by January 2016.
The central bank feels Indian markets will see some impact when the US starts raising policy rates. Any decision by the US Federal Reserve to raise rates, maintained at near-zero since December 2008, might have implications for emerging market economies such as India, as it could lead to capital outflows.
The debt market in India has been attracting foreign flows continuously. This year, debt flows have surpassed equity flows. The yield on the 10-year benchmark bond has been easing and the limit for foreign institutional investors (FIIs) in government bonds has nearly been exhausted. As such, now, flows are coming into corporate bonds.
Experts say some of these FIIs might pull out when the US starts raising interest rates, as FIIs have been investing in corporate debt in the two-three-year bracket to take advantage of arbitrage opportunities.
Against 8.55 per cent on September 1, the yield on the 10-year bond closed at 8.48 per cent on Wednesday. On Tuesday, it closed at 8.51 per cent.
“We want a steady increase in limits so that we understand what is happening and we see the market develop as these limits are increased. We think foreign portfolio investors are extremely important to market development,” Rajan said.
In July, RBI had raised FIIs’ sub-limit in government bonds by $5 billion, after the $20-billion limit was nearly exhausted. However, the overall limit for FII investment in government bonds was kept unchanged at $30 billion.
“Over a period of time, we will re-examine the limits and see what we can do,” Rajan said.
More flows into the corporate bond market would help develop it, Rajan said. “Given we set the limits for both markets carefully, I don’t see why just because the limit for the government debt market is full right now, we should diminish the limit for the corporate debt market,” he said.
Patel said as of now, there were no plans to include India in the global bond index, owing to issues pertaining to removing the ceiling on foreign investment in bonds. He added, “It is not an event that can happen very quickly. We did get a fillip recently from an upgrade in the outlook from a credit rating agency. I think we are in pretty good shape, even without being part of the index.”
Rajan said RBI was in talks with Euroclear, the world’s largest securities settlement system, to see if bond trading could be carried out. “The actual trades will be conducted in India, but the investor can work elsewhere. Let’s see how that plays out,” he said.
FINGERS CROSSED
RBI will re-examine FII limits on government bonds
Limits to be opened in a calibrated manner
FII flows coming into corporate bonds shall help develop the market
At the moment, no plans to be a part of any global bond index
Talking to Euroclear if actual trades could be conducted in India
Not biased towards either raising or cutting interest rates
Monetary policy stance to depend on inflation data

Mortgage rates hold steady on mixed economic news(Paul J. Richards/AFP/Getty Images)
Mortgage rates held steady this week, according to the latest data released Thursday by Freddie Mac.
The 30-year fixed-rate average edged down to 4.19 percent with an average 0.4 point. It was 4.2 percent a week ago and 4.22 percent a year ago. Since spiking to 4.23 percent two weeks ago in its biggest one-week gain this year, the 30-year fixed rate has retreated slightly.
The 15-year fixed-rate average was unchanged at 3.36 percent with an average 0.5 point. It was 3.29 percent a year ago.
Hybrid adjustable rate mortgages also were flat. The five-year ARM average inched down to 3.06 percent with an average 0.5 point. It was 3.08 percent a week ago and 3.05 percent a year ago. It remained above 3 percent for the third week in a row.
The one-year ARM average dropped to 2.42 percent with an average 0.4 point. It was 2.43 percent a week ago.
“Mortgage rates were flat to slightly down across the board as GDP was revised up from 4.2 percent to 4.6 percent for the second quarter and the [Standard & Poor’s]/Case-Shiller National House Price Index was up a seasonally adjusted 0.2 percent for July and up 5.6 percent from the prior July,” Frank E. Nothaft, Freddie Mac vice president and chief economist, said in a statement.
“Pending home sales data were less optimistic, though, down 1 percent in August.”
Meanwhile, mortgage applications were stagnant last week, according to the latest data from the Mortgage Bankers Association.
The market composite index, a measure of total loan application volume, decreased 0.2 percent. The refinance index dropped 0.3 percent, while the purchase index fell 1 percent.
The refinance share of mortgage activity accounted for 56 percent of all applications.
Kathy Orton is a reporter and Web editor for the Real Estate section. She covers the Washington metropolitan area housing market.

XAUME OLLEROS / AFP - Getty Images
Australias LNG boomLNG boom fuels Australia export ambitions
By Jamie Smyth in Gladstone
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2c4cfbe4-4481-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Poised to become worlds biggest exporter of the gas  Australia faces competition from US shaleLNG boom fuels Australia export ambitions
By Jamie Smyth in Gladstone
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2c4cfbe4-4481-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Inside Tech: Back to the futureYahoo and eBay pressed to return to cores
By Richard Waters
With a return to their original cores, both groups might get a fresh chance to reinvent themselves
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fc45aa50-4a4c-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

With eBay and Yahoo returning to their original cores  both might get a fresh chance to reinvent themselvesYahoo and eBay pressed to return to cores
By Richard Waters
With a return to their original cores, both groups might get a fresh chance to reinvent themselves
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fc45aa50-4a4c-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CLT20: Chennai to Punjab  Mind It!More
Chennai triumph in the battle of Kings
Champions League T20 — Chennai Super Kings thrashed Kings XI Punjab by 65 runs in the second semi-final. They will face KKR in the final on Saturday.
By Alagappan Muthu | ESPNcricinfo –  Thu 2 Oct, 2014 10:47 PM IST
Tweet
0
Nehra and Raina celebrate the wicket of Saha in Hyderabad.Chennai Super Kings 182 for 7 (Bravo 67, Awana 4-30) beat Kings XI Punjab 117 (Patel 31, Nehra 2-9) by 65 runs
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
Seven. That is the number of times Kings XI Punjab had been bowled out before tonight. None of them has been for below 100. Their revamped top six seemed to have cracked Twenty20 batting. Tonight though, their firepower was doused by a relentless bowling performance from Chennai Super Kings. There were four ducks, only five batsmen could muster double-figures and the match turned out to be a brutally one-sided affair that culminated in Super Kings making their seventh final.
Their trophy cabinet had last been updated three years ago and MS Dhoni wanted his side to convert the opportunities they create. He was just as conscious of wanting his batsmen to assess the pitch and react accordingly. Dwayne Bravo took his captain's words to heart.
He did not have a solid base to work from, having come in with the score at 41 for 3. Steadying the innings was the priority and that was taken care of by a 65-run partnership with Faf du Plessis .
Then Kings XI forced the innings to repair with Parvinder Awana's hat-trick, that was capped with the wicket of MS Dhoni for a first-ball duck in the 17th over. The score was a healthy 141 but a major source of acceleration had been muted and Bravo was left with much of the finishing duties too. He changed his game to suit that need as well. He slashed, drove, cut and flicked to score 67 of only 39 balls and was the primary reason Super Kings managed 182 for 7.
Kings XI would not have been perturbed by that target. George Bailey, their captain, had said the pitch was "beautiful." It received similar plaudits ahead over the evening game as well. But when play got underway, it showed itself to be on the slower side. Strokeplay would not be unduly difficult though and Kings XI have hunted 180-plus totals nine out of 11 times. However, adding to that tally is difficult when you lose four wickets inside the Powerplay.
Ashish Nehra and Mohit Sharma delivered a telling spell. They did not threaten with undue pace. There was barely any swing on offer. The only thing they could do was be accurate. Their efforts were underpinned by a ruthless display on the field. Brendon McCullum dived low to his left to pull off a screamer to knock over Virender Sehwag for nought. Du Plessis, having been teased twice before, successfully tracked down a skier from the other opener Manan Vohra. Wriddhiman Saha wore a nasty hit on the helmet before losing his off stump. And Glenn Maxwell feathered a short ball down the leg side.
Kings XI tumbled from 24 for 4 to 34 for 6 in the eighth over. David Miller was left to tackle an abominable equation of 149 needed off 75 balls. It was far too much of an ask, especially with Super Kings' wealth of spinners and Kings XI were bowled out for their second-lowest total.
"It was the complete game," Dhoni said. He, Brendon McCullum , Dwayne Smith and Suresh Raina had totaled only 26 runs between them. By the end of the night that only highlighted how strong Super Kings had been.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Ebola outbreak disrupts Exxon s oil drillingHOT
Sources: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAY research
* Accenture, a global consulting firm, lists South Africa as one of its priority emerging markets. Accenture’s revenue from emerging markets nations, which includes Asia as well as Africa, accounted for 40% of revenue in fiscal 2013.
* American International Group, an insurer, lists Johannesburg Insurance Holdings as a significant unit. Last year, AIG’s emerging markets business wrote $6.8 billion in property casualty policies, accounting for 20% of the total.
* Chevron, the energy company, not surprisingly competes with Exxon in Africa. The company in 2013 reported net production of 431 oil-equivalent barrels a day in Africa in 2013, which is 17% of its total.
* Cisco Systems the networking company also maintains a presence in South Africa. Revenue from Cisco’s African business is consolidated with its emerging markets including Asia. Total emerging markets revenue in the year ended July 26 was 26% of total revenue.
* Citigroup, the global financial firm, has been aggressive in the emerging world. Revenue from emerging markets, which includes Africa, accounted for 41% of Citi’s revenue in 2013. And trouble in emerging nations has caused the company to relocate staff before, the company says in its annual regulatory filing.
* Morgan Stanley, the global investment bank, operates a unit out of South Africa. Revenue from the region isn’t nearly as significant to Morgan Stanley as it is Citi. Revenue from Africa, combined with Europe and the Middle East was $4.5 billion in 2013, or 14% of total revenue.
* Starwood Hotels operates and franchises hotels all over the world, including 85 in Africa and the Middle East. The company combines its count of African hotels with those in the Middle East. Combined these properties account for 7% of the company’s 1,175 worldwide properties at the end of last fiscal year. Starwood’s stock was among the hardest hit of travel stocks Wednesday on the confirmation of an Ebola-infected patient in the U.S. Shares are down $79.24, or 1.2%, to $79.24 Thursday. That’s after falling 3.6% on Wednesday.

Oil prices are falling  and thats good for the U.S. and bad for RussiaBy Steven Mufson October 2 Follow @StevenMufson
Crude oil prices are sagging , down to the lowest level in 17 months in the United States. Gasoline prices have been sliding. Saudi Arabia this week cut the price of its benchmark Arab Light oil to the lowest point since December 2008. And on, Thursday, Citigroup shaved its oil price forecasts for final quarter of the year by about 10 percent.
The drop in prices is providing a boost to the U.S. economy and U.S. consumers, but it could put a dent in revenues in countries such as Russia, Iran, and Iraq, where oil exports play an enormously important role in supporting economic growth and government finances. Europe, meanwhile, is only partially benefiting from the decline in prices because the euro has been weakening, making it relatively more expensive for Europeans to purchase oil, which is priced in dollars.
(NASDAQ)
While it isn't unusual for oil prices to fall this time of year -- between the summer driving season and the winter heating season -- deeper factors are at play this year. Here are four of the most important.
1. Global oil production is growing, led by the United States.
Thanks to shale oil drilling largely in North Dakota and Texas, U.S. crude oil production has climbed to 8.5 million barrels a day, its highest level since 1986 . Including natural gas liquids, U.S. oil output is nearly even with Saudi Arabia. Production of "tight" oil -- from the fracking of shale -- has gone from a marginal slice of U.S. output to nearly 4 million barrels a day since 2010. North Dakota is producing more than Libya.
One symbol of this surge came last weekend, when energy giant Conoco loaded an oil tanker in Alaska and had it set sail for South Korea, the first cargo of Alaska North Slope crude to go to Asia in over a decade. (An exception to the ban on U.S. crude oil exports allows some exports from Alaska.) It was the first in what Citigroup's head of global commodities research, Edward Morse, says will "become an armada" of about 100,000 barrels a day. The industry is also increasing pressure on the Obama administration to allow oil exports from ports along the Gulf of Mexico.
Russia's oil production is growing, too. The country's output is approaching its post-Soviet high of 11.48 million barrels a day, reached in 1987. Russia produced 10.64 million barrels of crude and condensate in January, according to Russian data quoted by Bloomberg News.
Prices have also been driven down by a recovery in production in Libya, where civil war has intermittently shut down the country's oil wells. But Libya is currently producing 925,000 barrels a day, a 14-month high, according to Argus Global Markets, a respected industry newsletter.
2. World consumption is anemic.
China's oil consumption, up about 2 percent since last year, isn't growing as fast as expected. U.S. vehicle fuel efficiency requirements, set by the Obama administration in 2009, are working. As a result, motor fuel consumption is mostly flat.
European economies, meanwhile, are weak. Combined with the weak euro -- which is near its all-time low -- that means Europeans are less inclined to use energy. and a strong U.S. dollar means that other countries won't feel the full benefit of lower oil prices.
3. The drop in prices will inflict economic and political damage. That might not be such a bad thing.
Crude oil and oil products made up 46 percent of Russia's budget revenues in the first eight months of this year. At a time when the West is trying to sanction Russia for its incursions in Ukraine, a 10 to 20 percent drop in oil prices could prove powerful. Still, it's still a far cry from the 1980s, when Saudi Arabia produced enough oil to flood the market and drive prices down so far that many experts say it sped up the fall of the Soviet Union. That's not going to happen now, but Russia could be squeezed a bit.
Iran, whose oil exports are limited by sanctions related to its refusal to limit its nuclear program and open it up to greater international scrutiny, will also suffer a setback. Iran's oil minister Bijan Namdar Zangeneh late last month called on the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries to keep oil prices from falling any further. “Given the downward trend of the oil prices, the OPEC members should make efforts to offset their production to keep the prices from further instability,” Zangeneh said  according to Shana , a news agency supported by Iran's oil ministry.
Countries hoping for an OPEC rescue are counting on  Saudi Arabia, the swing producer. It's hard to tell what Saudi Arabia is thinking. It cut production by 400,000 barrels a day in August; it could do that again. OPEC doesn't have a formal meeting again until Nov. 27, but discussions are still going on.
The drop in oil prices also squeezes U.S. domestic producers and could make some shale oil prospects less attractive. Saudi Arabia might be hoping that U.S. shale oil in North Dakota or Canada's oil sands -- where costs can run high and transportation expensive -- is shut down first.
4. Caution is wise, because a rebound in oil prices is easy to imagine.
Before 2008, the average annual price of West Texas Intermediate crude oil -- a U.S. benchmark -- was never more than $66 a barrel. It briefly fell below $90 a barrel on Thursday, down about $14 since late June. But that's still high by historic standards, and it could go back up again for three reasons.
First, at this time of year, many refineries shut down for repairs and maintenance. When they come back on line, prices could recover.
Second, there can be a bit of irrational exuberance. The United States has made huge strides in slashing oil imports, but it's still a big net oil importer.
Finally, consumption bounces back when prices drop and economies recover. U.S. total oil consumption rose 2.5 percent in 2013, the largest increase since 2004.
Adam Sieminski, administrator of the federal Energy Information Administration, has  warned that world petroleum consumption will climb 38 percent between 2010 and 2040, almost entirely because of growth outside the Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development countries. That could mean much higher prices.
Steven Mufson covers the White House. Since joining The Post, he has covered economics, China, foreign policy and energy.

Digital health firms are raising a ton of money in the Obamacare eraBy Jason Millman October 2 Follow @jasonmillman
A certain company is making a big push into digital health with a new watch you might have heard of. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)
Last month's launch of the Apple Watch is indicative of the big potential that companies are seeing in digital health. And the market is buying into digital health in a big way, judging by the record amount of money these firms have been raising this year.
Through the first nine months of 2014, digital health companies have raised $5 billion, almost double what they did in all of 2013, according to publicly reported data compiled by StartUp Health. The actual number of deals are on a slower pace this year, which StartUp Health says is an indication that the relatively young market is maturing.
(StartUp Health Insights)
For the sake of clarification, here's how the the publisher of the Digital Health Post defines what counts as "digital health." It's a lot:
The lexicon of Digital Health is extensive and includes all or elements of mHealth (aka Mobile Health), Wireless Health, Health 2.0, eHealth, Health IT, Big Data, Health Data, Cloud Computing, e-Patients, Quantified Self and Self-tracking, Wearable Computing, Gamification, Telehealth & Telemedicine, Precision and Personalized Medicine, plus Connected Health.
Health care has been notoriously slow to go digital — it's still struggling to get electronic health records right, after all — but that's been changing due to a number of factors. Starting this year, millions more are gaining health insurance through the Affordable Care Act. At the same time, patients are being asked to contribute more toward their care, and there's more pressure than ever to meet health-care's so-called triple aim: better care, healthier patients and lower costs.
Companies in the Big Data and analytics space are the biggest fundraisers this year, with 77 deals totaling $1.17 billion, according to StartUp Health. That's followed by companies that help navigate the health-care system (40 deals, $794 million) and practice management (26 deals, $598 million).
This isn't just a San Francisco phenomenon either, though that city leads the country in digital health funding this year (62 deals, raising $948 million). It's followed by New York ($584 million, 33 deals) and the D.C./Maryland area ($536 million, 14 deals). You can see here where the funding is clustered:
(StartUp Health Insights)
There's a pretty major shift in the way that patients, care providers and payers are all thinking about health care. At one-sixth of the nation's economy, that makes for a pretty big opportunity that the market is trying to capitalize on.
Jason Millman covers all things health policy, with a focus on Obamacare implementation. He previously covered health policy for Politico.

Even a few drinks a week lower sperm quality  study findsBy Rachel Feltman October 2 Follow @rachelfeltman
Alcohol might make young men less fertile.  (REUTERS/Michaela Rehle)
It goes without saying that drinking in excess is bad for your health, but it might also hurt your chances of reproducing. In a survey of men between the ages of 18 and 28, researchers reported Thursay in the British Medical Journal, as few as five drinks a week were found to affect sperm quality.
In the study, men who drank an average of five to 10 units (one beer, glass of wine, or 40mL of liquor) of alcohol a week had a slight decrease in sperm concentration, total sperm count, and percentage of healthy and normal sperm in the samples they provided.
The effect became much more pronounced at 25 units a week (3.5 drinks a day) and men who consumed 40 units a week on average had a 33 percent reduction in sperm concentration compared to the lightest drinkers.
The study is just a preliminary one -- surveying 1,221 Danish men during medical exams required before their compulsory military service -- but lead author Tina Kold Jensen believes that it may paint a more accurate picture of male drinking and its effects than previous studies.
Jensen and her colleagues started by asking the young men to give a detailed account, unit by unit, of what they'd had to drink the week before. But then the researchers asked the men to decide whether or not that week had been typical. It was easier for them to remember the specifics of the previous week's consumption than it would have been to estimate their overall "averages" -- a prompt that usually leads to people underestimating how much they drink. But it also weeded out those who'd happened to binge drink the week before.
Sure enough, heavy drinking only affected sperm quality in the men who reported that it was just their normal routine.
Young Danes drink more than any other youth in Europe, Jensen says, so the findings are particularly worrisome in her own country. "But the effect was there, albeit smaller, with just five units a week," she said, "so it's troubling."
Jensen can't be sure whether this effect would be permanent. "Hopefully it would reverse within three months, because that's how long it takes new sperm to mature," she said. But she and her colleagues will have to perform a long-term study and follow up with drinkers down the road if they want to know that for sure.
"We cannot answer these questions yet. We can't say that drinking less will improve sperm quality," Jensen said, "But having said that, it's easy to recommend that young men drink less. We know it's healthier for your liver, and most other things."
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Obama: Ill take executive action on immigration after midtermsBy Katie Zezima October 2 Follow @katiezez
President Obama said Thursday night that he would take executive action on immigration sometime between the midterm elections and the end of the year.
Speaking before the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute Gala, Obama said he shares the frustration of many in the room upset that immigration reform remains stalled. Obama was accompanied to the gala by two congressional interns who are DREAMers -- young unauthorized immigrants who entered the United States before the age of 16.
"But if anybody wants to know where my heart is or whether I want to have this fight, let me put those questions to rest right now.  I am not going to give up this fight until it gets done," Obama said. "I know the pain of families torn apart because we live with a system that’s broken."
Obama laid blame squarely at the feet of congressional Republicans, who he said exploited a crisis of undocumented children at the southern border for political gain this summer and refuse to act with the president on immigration reform. However, he said, he ultimately needs Congress to pass an immigration law, because anything he does by executive action can be reversed by the next president.
President Obama was interrupted during a speech on Thursday at the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute’s 37th Annual Awards Gala in Chicago. The heckler was escorted out the room yelling, "What happened to change we can believe in?" (Editor's note: Poor video source quality) (AP)
"So the point I want to make is the progress we’ve made has been hard, sometimes it's been slower than we want, but that progress has been steady and it has been real," he said. "I want to make something clear:  Fixing our broken immigration system is one more, big thing that we have to do and that we will do."
Now, Obama said, he will also use immigration as a political tool -- by explaining immigration reform is a boon for the economy.
"And when opponents are out there saying who knows what, I'm going to need you to have my back," he said. 
Part of that, Obama said, is getting out in November and voting. Only 48 percent of voters turned out to vote in 2012, he said.
"So the clearest path to change is to change that number.  Si, se puede … si votamos.  Yes we can … if we vote.," he said.
And Obama said he needs them to continue to believe in him.
"And six years ago, I asked you to believe.  And tonight, I ask you to keep believing -- not just in my ability to bring about change, but in your ability to bring about change," he said. 
Katie Zezima covers the White House for Post Politics and The Fix.

PM Modi s radio address: Urges people to buy khadi to help the poorPrime Minister Narendra Modi addresses nation on radio; urges people to buy khadi to help the poor
ET Bureau Oct 4, 2014, 05.28AM IST
Tags:
Khadi
("If you buy Khadi you light…)
NEW DELHI: Twitter-friendly Prime Minister Narendra Modi used the medium of radio on Friday to engage with the people in the hinterland of the country through an address peppered with anecdotes and simple language and sought to win their support and cooperation for his endeavours like Swachh Bharat, skill development and use of khadi.
The PM struck a common chord with the people by highlighting issues relating to the daily life of individuals like the demand for a ban on polythene and special schemes for the differentlyabled children. He avoided making any big announcements or focusing on political or weighty issues.
However, he did underline the need for taking the cleanliness campaign seriously and asked each person to ask nine people around them to spread the word about cleanliness. Modi also referred to the successful Mars Orbiter Mission.
The PM announced that he would make such broadcasts every fortnight if possible or at least once a month and would do so preferably at 11 am on a Sunday so that more and more people can listen in. His move created much curiosity and talks that it would revive a medium fast fading out in the urban areas in this age of television, mobiles and social media.
Apart from talking about the Swachh Bharat campaign that was launched on Gandhi Jayanti, Modi made a call to the people to respect the Father of the Nation by telling his listeners to use khadi clothes - even if it is just a handkerchief, a towel, bedsheet or even a pillow cover - as this would help the poor households engaged in making hand-woven cloth. The prime minister said Indians have a lot of talent and selfrespect but they seem to have forgotten that they possess these powers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Easyjet profits from Air France 
Telefonica to sell O2 10:35: Breaking News
So, BT has responded to press "speculation" that it is in talks with Telefonica to buy O2. It has issued a statement which says it is continuing to develop its own plans to launch a mobile carrier next year. It adds two mobile operators have expressed interest in BT buying them out, of which Telefonica's O2 is one. "All discussions are at a highly preliminary stage and there can be no certainty that any transaction will occur," BT says.
 
 
10:27: Rise in poverty
The Joseph Rowntree Foundation has published a big report in UK poverty levels today. One of the highlights is a section on pay which reveals the average self-employed worker earns 13% less than they did five years ago. It has also found a big rise in zero hours contracts, part-time work and people working for themselves. The JRF says there are now 13 million people living in poverty in the UK.
 
 
10:14: Friends life share price
...has jumped 7% this morning to 372.60p on the news of the Aviva takeover. Aviva's share price meanwhile remains 3.6% lower at 519.32p.
 
 
09:55: German confidence
A closely-watched survey measuring German business confidence has shown a rise for November - after six months of declines. The IFO institute's index rose to 104.7 from 103.2 points in October.
 
 
09:39: Market data
Some of you have emailed in about the BBC's market data pages, which are displaying old numbers this morning. There are some problems with the facility, but our software engineers are working on getting it up-and-running as soon as possible. Sincere apologies.
 
 
09:26: L'Occitane flourishes
French beauty products firm L'Occitane, which is actually headquartered in Luxembourg, reports a staggering 200% rise in pre-tax profits for the six months to the end of September. The firm made €40.3m, compared with €13.3m in the same period last year. However net sales are up just 9%, so the boost in profits is largely due to other factors, such as favourable currency exchange rates.
 
 
09:15: Telefonica to sell O2?
Spain's Telefonica is in talks to sell its UK mobile operator O2 to BT according to Spanish website El Confidencial . The deal would see Telefonica receive a 20% stake in BT as part of a "strategic alliance" to strengthen the pair, it says. Neither BT nor Telefonica have commented on the report thus far.
 
 
08:53: Intesa bid for Coutts
The Financial Times reports Italian bank Intesa Sanpaolo is eying a bid for the Queen's bank, Coutts. Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) owns Coutts, but last month it put the international arm of the bank up for sale. Intesa is cash rich with €16bn of excess capital sitting on its balance sheet, so it is looking to make acquisitions. It is, however, trying to convince RBS to sell its highly prized UK business as well, according to the FT.
 
 
08:28: Markets update
London's leading share index - the FTSE 100 - is down 0.1% in early trading, dragged down by Aviva, and further falls for major mining companies - including Rio Tinto, Anglo American, Antofagasta and BHP Billiton.
The detailed outlook on the main European markets is as follows:
The FTSE 100 is down 0.11% at 6,743
In Frankfurt, the Dax is down 0.1% 9,722
In Paris, the Cac is up 0.07% at 4,350
 
 
08:20: Aviva shares lower
It seems investors aren't all that impressed with the Aviva takeover of Friends Life. Shares in the UK insurance giant are down 3.5% at 519p.
 
 
08:17: Petrofac outlook
Investors are really unhappy with Petrofac's downgraded profits outlook (see 07:49). Shares are down a whopping 20% in early trading. They are currently priced at 951.36p after opening at 996.50p.
 
 
08:13: Aviva/Friends Life deal BBC Radio 4
"I think predominately its a financial transaction from an Aviva perspective," David Cumming, head of equities at Standard Life, tells Today . He's talking about the proposed merger between Friends Life and the UK insurance giant. He says Aviva has seen an opportunity to make money and cut costs through the deal. Friends worked out the government's reforms of pensions put it in a weak position in the annuities market, which had been responsible for a lot of recent growth, he adds.
 
 
08:06: Sanctions hit Russia
Russia is losing $40bn a year due to economic sanctions imposed by Western governments in response to the Ukraine crisis, and up to $100bn a year because of falling oil prices, the country's finance minister, Anton Siluanov, has said.
 
 
08:00: Spanish bonds
Investors seem happy with the strident tone taken by Mario Draghi, the president of the European Central Bank, on battling deflation in the eurozone. The yield on Spanish 10-year bonds have fallen below 2% for the first time - although they have been dropping steadily all year, as the chart above shows.
 
 
07:49: Petrofac outlook
The effects of falling oil prices are being felt at oil and gas giant Petrofac. The company says it expects a $500m net profit in 2015 - much lower than analysts' estimates. "The foundations of the business remain strong," insists chief executive Ayman Asfari.
 
 
07:34: Insurance company restrictions
Insurance companies in the UK will be banned from covering the cost of terrorist ransoms, under new anti-terror legislation to be announced by the home secretary, Theresa May, later today. The government says paying ransoms encourages kidnapping and it says Islamic State militants are taking hostages to fund their operations.
 
 
Via Twitter Adam Parsons Business Correspondent
tweets: "Turns out @LewisHamilton DOES still have TWO allocated parking spaces at Asda Stevenage. But the paint's faded a bit..."
 
 
07:15: Europe exit call BBC Radio 4
Former environment secretary, Owen Paterson, is to call on the prime minister to renegotiate the UK's membership of the common agricultural policy and negotiate a new free trade agreement with the European Union. He will tell business leaders the UK could flourish economically outside the EU. He is also expected to call on the government to give two year's notice of its intention to quit the EU.
 
 
07:00: Royal Bank of Scotland BBC Radio 4
Late on Friday, Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) shares fell 4% after it admitted it had overstated its financial strength as part of the European Central Bank's stress tests. David Cumming, head of UK equities at Standard Life, tells the Today programme that "it's an embarrassing mistake". But, he adds: "Ironically, RBS has one of the best capital ratio positions of the UK banks now, so there's nothing from a customers point of view to worry about".
 
 
06:50: Food producers' woes Radio 5 live
It's like "removing nutrients from a plant," says Mr Swift of the squeeze on food producers. "Ultimately it will wither, and it may well die". He says the pressure on their profit margins leaves the firms "less able to deal with shocks." It is not the fixed prices for their goods that is hurting, he says, but the demand by supermarkets for suppliers to contribute to the cost of in-store advertising, promotions, or even refurbishment.
 
 
06:41: Food producers' woes Radio 5 live
Duncan Swift, who works for the accountants behind the food producers report, Moore Stephens - tells Wake Up to Money that the supermarkets are "removing the blanket" of money that allows food suppliers to pay their own suppliers, and to pay their staff a decent wage. It also means that food producers have no money to invest in new products, he says.
 
 
06:39: Chinese interest rates
China's leadership and central bank are ready to cut interest rates again and loosen lending restrictions, over concerns that falling prices could trigger a surge in debt defaults, business failures and job losses, according to a report from Reuters. The People's Bank of China is also open to the idea of cutting the banking industry's reserve requirement ratio (RRR), which effectively restricts the amount of money available to fund loans.
 
 
06:24: Food producers' woes
There's no doubt that customers are winning in the supermarkets' price war, which is pushing prices ever lower, but one industry is really feeling the pinch . A record number of small food suppliers are going out of business, according to a large accountancy firm, because big retailers are pressurising them to sell their wares more cheaply, which is eating into their profit margins.
 
 
06:14: Lewis Hamilton Radio 5 live
Our colleagues at Wake Up to Money have managed to find a business-related Lewis Hamilton anecdote. Apparently, the double F1 world champion ( as of this weekend ), was once awarded with a dedicated parking space at his local Asda supermarket.
 
 
06:03: Asian markets
Asia's main markets are all up this morning, buoyed by Friday's unexpected rate cut by China's central bank, which has sparked hopes of more action to combat the country's slowing economy. The European Central Bank's vow to fight deflation has also brought cheer to investors. The Hang Seng is up almost 2% at 23,898.34 and the Shanghai Composite is up 2.2% at 2,541.54. The Nikkei is closed for a public holiday.
 
 
06:01: Matthew West Business Reporter
Morning folks. As always you can get in touch via email to bizlivepage@bbc.co.uk and on Twitter @bbcbusiness .
 
 
06:01: Joe Miller Business Reporter
Morning. There's a lot of news around today, but lets start with the Royal Bank of Scotland. The bank - still 80% owned by the taxpayer - has apologised for repeatedly giving incorrect evidence to a parliamentary hearing . The evidence concerned its controversial Global Restructuring Group, which handles the bank's loans to companies considered to be a possible risk. It was accused of killing off viable businesses.
 

Over the last few years banksLloyds fined £218m over Libor rate rigging scandal
Some of the world's biggest banks have been accused of colluding to fix Libor
Can we ever trust bankers again?
Lloyds Banking Group has been fined £218m for "serious misconduct" over some key interest rates set in London.
Lloyds manipulated the London interbank offered rate (Libor) for yen and sterling and tried to rig the rate for yen, sterling and the US dollar, said the US legal order.
It also manipulated submissions for another short-term rate linked to the value of UK government debt.
Bank of England Governor Mark Carney called such misconduct "reprehensible".
Lloyds said it "condemns the actions of the individuals responsible".
The fines were issued by the UK-based Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and a US-based trading commission.
"Cleanup"
A "novel" development, setting the bank aside from competitors that have already been fined for Libor-rigging, was its abuse of the government-backed Special Liquidity Scheme, said the FCA.
"It's another step in the cleanup," said Christopher Wheeler, a banking analyst at Mediobanca. It is "embarrassing" for Lloyds, however, as it shows the bank "is not as clean as people thought," he added.
The FCA fined Lloyds £105m. It said the fine was the "joint third-highest ever imposed" by the organisation or its predecessor, the Financial Services Authority.
Bank of England Governor Mr Carney said in a letter dated 15 July to Lloyds' chairman Lord Blackwell that the attempted manipulation could lead to criminal action against those involved.
"Such manipulation is highly reprehensible, clearly unlawful and may amount to criminal conduct on the part of the individuals involved," Mr Carney wrote.
Lord Blackwell replied on 16 July: "This was truly shocking conduct, undertaken when the bank was on a lifeline of public support."
Analysis Simon Jack, Business Correspondent
Lloyds Banking Group is following in the footsteps of Barclays and RBS settling claims for rigging Libor - a benchmark used to determine rates on loans around the world.
But it also broke fresh ground, finding a new to way to manipulate the market.
During the financial crisis the Bank of England offered extra cheap loans to banks in trouble for a fee.
Lloyds tried to manipulate short term rates, known as repo rates, to reduce those fees thereby abusing a scheme that had been set up to try and help it.
Misconduct unparalleled
In the US, the Commodity and Futures Trading Commission fined the group, which is responsible for Lloyds Bank and the Bank of Scotland, $105m (£61.7m), while the US Department of Justice fined it $86m.
The agreement is the seventh joint penalty handed out by US and UK regulators in connection with Libor and other benchmarks, used to price around $450trn of financial products around the world.
Barclays and the Royal Bank of Scotland have previously paid $453m and $612m in fines related to the scandal.
Part of the FCA's fine for Lloyds, was for serious misconduct over a programme introduced during the financial crisis to help the banks.
The Special Liquidity Scheme (SLS) was set up in 2008 by the Bank of England to let banks temporarily swap assets that were difficult to trade.
Lessons for rivals
In a statement, the watchdog said the "manipulation of the repo rate benchmark in order to reduce the firms' SLS fees" was misconduct of a type "not seen in previous Libor cases".
The lower the repo rate of a bank, the lower the fees for using the SLS programme. Lloyds was also by far the biggest user of the scheme, said the BBC's Business correspondent Simon Jack.
Tracey McDermott, the FCA's director of enforcement and financial crime, said that Lloyds and Bank of Scotland were a "significant beneficiary" of financial assistance from the Bank of England through the SLS.
"Colluding to benefit the firms at the expense, ultimately, of the UK taxpayer was unacceptable.
"This falls well short of the standards the FCA and the market is entitled to expect from regulated firms," she said.
She said other banks needed to learn lessons from and avoid the mistakes of their peers for trust to be restored in financial services.
'Fix it higher'
The US trading commission said the "unlawful conduct" of Lloyds "undermined the integrity" of Libor, which it said was a critical global benchmark.
It said Lloyds had acted to benefit its trading positions and protect its reputation by manipulating the rate when it was in the process of buying HBOS during the crisis.
The commission released a transcript detailing examples of requests to manipulate the sterling and US dollar Libor rate.
They include an employee from Lloyds telling their counterpart at HBOS: "Oh mate, I always have loads of loans going out at the end of the month so I always try to fix it higher".
The trader added: "They keep calling it lower... I can't work out why it is going down all the time... I will leave it at 67 and I won't go any lower, right?"
A sterling submitter at HBOS responded with: "Yeah".
And a Lloyds TSB junior trader asked a sterling submitter at HBOS: "Do you want us to keep the Libor higher?"
The submitter answered: "Yeah, I have a big liability fix, so as low as possible please."
More on This Story
 
Telefonica to sell O2 10:35: Breaking News
So, BT has responded to press "speculation" that it is in talks with Telefonica to buy O2. It has issued a statement which says it is continuing to develop its own plans to launch a mobile carrier next year. It adds two mobile operators have expressed interest in BT buying them out, of which Telefonica's O2 is one. "All discussions are at a highly preliminary stage and there can be no certainty that any transaction will occur," BT says.
 
 
10:27: Rise in poverty
The Joseph Rowntree Foundation has published a big report in UK poverty levels today. One of the highlights is a section on pay which reveals the average self-employed worker earns 13% less than they did five years ago. It has also found a big rise in zero hours contracts, part-time work and people working for themselves. The JRF says there are now 13 million people living in poverty in the UK.
 
 
10:14: Friends life share price
...has jumped 7% this morning to 372.60p on the news of the Aviva takeover. Aviva's share price meanwhile remains 3.6% lower at 519.32p.
 
 
09:55: German confidence
A closely-watched survey measuring German business confidence has shown a rise for November - after six months of declines. The IFO institute's index rose to 104.7 from 103.2 points in October.
 
 
09:39: Market data
Some of you have emailed in about the BBC's market data pages, which are displaying old numbers this morning. There are some problems with the facility, but our software engineers are working on getting it up-and-running as soon as possible. Sincere apologies.
 
 
09:26: L'Occitane flourishes
French beauty products firm L'Occitane, which is actually headquartered in Luxembourg, reports a staggering 200% rise in pre-tax profits for the six months to the end of September. The firm made €40.3m, compared with €13.3m in the same period last year. However net sales are up just 9%, so the boost in profits is largely due to other factors, such as favourable currency exchange rates.
 
 
09:15: Telefonica to sell O2?
Spain's Telefonica is in talks to sell its UK mobile operator O2 to BT according to Spanish website El Confidencial . The deal would see Telefonica receive a 20% stake in BT as part of a "strategic alliance" to strengthen the pair, it says. Neither BT nor Telefonica have commented on the report thus far.
 
 
08:53: Intesa bid for Coutts
The Financial Times reports Italian bank Intesa Sanpaolo is eying a bid for the Queen's bank, Coutts. Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) owns Coutts, but last month it put the international arm of the bank up for sale. Intesa is cash rich with €16bn of excess capital sitting on its balance sheet, so it is looking to make acquisitions. It is, however, trying to convince RBS to sell its highly prized UK business as well, according to the FT.
 
 
08:28: Markets update
London's leading share index - the FTSE 100 - is down 0.1% in early trading, dragged down by Aviva, and further falls for major mining companies - including Rio Tinto, Anglo American, Antofagasta and BHP Billiton.
The detailed outlook on the main European markets is as follows:
The FTSE 100 is down 0.11% at 6,743
In Frankfurt, the Dax is down 0.1% 9,722
In Paris, the Cac is up 0.07% at 4,350
 
 
08:20: Aviva shares lower
It seems investors aren't all that impressed with the Aviva takeover of Friends Life. Shares in the UK insurance giant are down 3.5% at 519p.
 
 
08:17: Petrofac outlook
Investors are really unhappy with Petrofac's downgraded profits outlook (see 07:49). Shares are down a whopping 20% in early trading. They are currently priced at 951.36p after opening at 996.50p.
 
 
08:13: Aviva/Friends Life deal BBC Radio 4
"I think predominately its a financial transaction from an Aviva perspective," David Cumming, head of equities at Standard Life, tells Today . He's talking about the proposed merger between Friends Life and the UK insurance giant. He says Aviva has seen an opportunity to make money and cut costs through the deal. Friends worked out the government's reforms of pensions put it in a weak position in the annuities market, which had been responsible for a lot of recent growth, he adds.
 
 
08:06: Sanctions hit Russia
Russia is losing $40bn a year due to economic sanctions imposed by Western governments in response to the Ukraine crisis, and up to $100bn a year because of falling oil prices, the country's finance minister, Anton Siluanov, has said.
 
 
08:00: Spanish bonds
Investors seem happy with the strident tone taken by Mario Draghi, the president of the European Central Bank, on battling deflation in the eurozone. The yield on Spanish 10-year bonds have fallen below 2% for the first time - although they have been dropping steadily all year, as the chart above shows.
 
 
07:49: Petrofac outlook
The effects of falling oil prices are being felt at oil and gas giant Petrofac. The company says it expects a $500m net profit in 2015 - much lower than analysts' estimates. "The foundations of the business remain strong," insists chief executive Ayman Asfari.
 
 
07:34: Insurance company restrictions
Insurance companies in the UK will be banned from covering the cost of terrorist ransoms, under new anti-terror legislation to be announced by the home secretary, Theresa May, later today. The government says paying ransoms encourages kidnapping and it says Islamic State militants are taking hostages to fund their operations.
 
 
Via Twitter Adam Parsons Business Correspondent
tweets: "Turns out @LewisHamilton DOES still have TWO allocated parking spaces at Asda Stevenage. But the paint's faded a bit..."
 
 
07:15: Europe exit call BBC Radio 4
Former environment secretary, Owen Paterson, is to call on the prime minister to renegotiate the UK's membership of the common agricultural policy and negotiate a new free trade agreement with the European Union. He will tell business leaders the UK could flourish economically outside the EU. He is also expected to call on the government to give two year's notice of its intention to quit the EU.
 
 
07:00: Royal Bank of Scotland BBC Radio 4
Late on Friday, Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) shares fell 4% after it admitted it had overstated its financial strength as part of the European Central Bank's stress tests. David Cumming, head of UK equities at Standard Life, tells the Today programme that "it's an embarrassing mistake". But, he adds: "Ironically, RBS has one of the best capital ratio positions of the UK banks now, so there's nothing from a customers point of view to worry about".
 
 
06:50: Food producers' woes Radio 5 live
It's like "removing nutrients from a plant," says Mr Swift of the squeeze on food producers. "Ultimately it will wither, and it may well die". He says the pressure on their profit margins leaves the firms "less able to deal with shocks." It is not the fixed prices for their goods that is hurting, he says, but the demand by supermarkets for suppliers to contribute to the cost of in-store advertising, promotions, or even refurbishment.
 
 
06:41: Food producers' woes Radio 5 live
Duncan Swift, who works for the accountants behind the food producers report, Moore Stephens - tells Wake Up to Money that the supermarkets are "removing the blanket" of money that allows food suppliers to pay their own suppliers, and to pay their staff a decent wage. It also means that food producers have no money to invest in new products, he says.
 
 
06:39: Chinese interest rates
China's leadership and central bank are ready to cut interest rates again and loosen lending restrictions, over concerns that falling prices could trigger a surge in debt defaults, business failures and job losses, according to a report from Reuters. The People's Bank of China is also open to the idea of cutting the banking industry's reserve requirement ratio (RRR), which effectively restricts the amount of money available to fund loans.
 
 
06:24: Food producers' woes
There's no doubt that customers are winning in the supermarkets' price war, which is pushing prices ever lower, but one industry is really feeling the pinch . A record number of small food suppliers are going out of business, according to a large accountancy firm, because big retailers are pressurising them to sell their wares more cheaply, which is eating into their profit margins.
 
 
06:14: Lewis Hamilton Radio 5 live
Our colleagues at Wake Up to Money have managed to find a business-related Lewis Hamilton anecdote. Apparently, the double F1 world champion ( as of this weekend ), was once awarded with a dedicated parking space at his local Asda supermarket.
 
 
06:03: Asian markets
Asia's main markets are all up this morning, buoyed by Friday's unexpected rate cut by China's central bank, which has sparked hopes of more action to combat the country's slowing economy. The European Central Bank's vow to fight deflation has also brought cheer to investors. The Hang Seng is up almost 2% at 23,898.34 and the Shanghai Composite is up 2.2% at 2,541.54. The Nikkei is closed for a public holiday.
 
 
06:01: Matthew West Business Reporter
Morning folks. As always you can get in touch via email to bizlivepage@bbc.co.uk and on Twitter @bbcbusiness .
 
 
06:01: Joe Miller Business Reporter
Morning. There's a lot of news around today, but lets start with the Royal Bank of Scotland. The bank - still 80% owned by the taxpayer - has apologised for repeatedly giving incorrect evidence to a parliamentary hearing . The evidence concerned its controversial Global Restructuring Group, which handles the bank's loans to companies considered to be a possible risk. It was accused of killing off viable businesses.
 

On Doordarshan live  RSS  Mohan Bhagwat praises Narendra Modi  but mum on  love jihad ...On Doordarshan, RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat praises Narendra Modi, warns about 'jihadi' threat to Hindu society
PTI | Nagpur | Updated:  Oct 03 2014, 17:27  IST
Oct 03 2014, 17:27  IST
 

John Lewis boss says France is finishedJohn Lewis apologises for France is ‘finished’ comments
By Claer Barrett in London and Hugh Carnegy in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/960951c4-4ace-11e4-839a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Western firms prefer Indian executives for e...You are here: Home > Collections > Companies
Western firms prefer Indian executives for language and expertise
PTI Oct 3, 2014, 02.07PM IST
Tags:
expertise
(DTCA, a Singapore-based…)
SINGAPORE: Indian executives have emerged as preferred candidates with Western companies looking to appoint Asian directors on their boards, according to analysis done by Singapore-based placement firm.
DTCA, a firm specialising in placing executives in top roles and on company boards, analysed the composition of the boards of the 20 largest companies in four leading economies in the world -- United States, Germany , France and UK .
The number of Asian executives holding non-executive director positions in these companies has risen to 23 this year, from just nine in 2009.
Indian executives are leading this pack, with 8 of them holding such positions with top multinational companies currently, said DTCA.
"With an increasing number of Western companies looking to expand in Asia, especially in India, there is a growing belief that you need to have local talent at the very senior level to be able to fully exploit the region's growth potential," said Fabrice Desmarescaux, Managing Partner and Co-Founder of DTCA, who has nearly 20 years' experience working with top Asian executives.
The trend has gathered pace over the past five years as Western companies have focused their attention on expanding their business in Asian economies such as India.
As these companies boost their presence in the region further, they have been looking to appoint Asian executives to their boards to help them achieve their goals, not least because they want to understand the markets and the culture in order to fully exploit the opportunities, he said.
"Gathering the board once a year in Asia, beyond the entertainment value for the directors and the cosmetic announcement effect at the AGM, will not help.
The best way for boards to make informed decisions about Asia is to appoint Asian directors," said Desmarescaux.
He said Indian executives are being appointed by Western companies for reasons like felicity with English language , market size, regional expertise and prior familiarity with western firms .
Indian executives, especially those in senior roles, tend to speak fluent English which makes it easier for companies to deal with them and vice versa.
It is a key market for many western companies. Having an Indian executive in a senior role can help companies make more informed decisions about their plans for the country.
Many Indian executives are also well versed with other regional economies and can help the Western companies formulate expansion strategies in those countries as well.
They have often worked with Western multinationals and are well versed with their business model and practices.
That coupled with their local knowledge makes them a key asset to have on the board.
FEATURED ARTICLES

blogs: Hudl was very muchWill Tesco keep taking the tablets?
 
Fashion challenge for Apple's Ive
Britain's biggest supermarket chain is in crisis, with sales sliding and a furore over its accounting methods. So today's launch of Tesco's new tablet computer the Hudl 2 does not come at a great time. Indeed it provides another opportunity to ask whether the company has been distracted by trendy tech ventures when it should be concentrating on good old-fashioned retailing skills.
The first Hudl, which came out last year, was quite a hit - a pretty basic tablet at a very competitive price which has so far been snapped up by three quarters of a million shoppers.
The new version is bigger, slicker and, so Tesco says, about three times faster than the first Hudl. It has some clever child safety features, allowing parents to create profiles for each child that can determine where they go online and how long they can spend with the tablet each day.
“Start Quote
Morrison's tried to ignore the digital world for years and eventually became a cropper”
End Quote
And like its predecessor it is priced competitively - £129 for an Android tablet that does much the same as an Apple iPad Mini, which starts at £249. It is not clear that Tesco is making any profit at that price. When I met the firm's director of digital services Michael Comish this week he insisted the Hudl was "commercially viable".
But it became clear that meant it was effectively a low-cost marketing platform for other Tesco services like the movie and music streaming app Blinkbox. Amazon does much the same with Kindles and its Fire tablets, selling them at cost and then making a margin on all of the physical and digital product sales that they help to generate. But the online retail giant is generating far greater revenues than the supermarket chain.
What is not clear is whether Tesco is committed to this strategy in the long term. After all, the Hudl was very much the pet project of Philip Clarke, the technology enthusiast ejected from the chief executive's seat for presiding over a decline in sales. The new boss Dave Lewis is known to be taking a long hard look at what might be considered fringe activities - notably Blinkbox - and sharpening his axe.
Michael Comish navigated a careful course around my questions about whether the Hudl had a long term future - "Dave has been playing with it and loves it" - and the stories that he was going to sell or close Blinkbox - "anytime you get a new CEO there's always a lot of speculation". He was even polite enough to greet my question about his own future with a laugh - Comish was the co-founder of Blinkbox and was appointed to run Tesco's whole digital operation after selling the business to the supermarket.
He is still a firm believer that a retailer needs a digital strategy: "A lot of what brings customers into a store is digital, the days of having a single channel when consumers just come into a store are over. They want technology, expect technology and that becomes an important part of what we offer them." That argument seems self-evident - Morrison's tried to ignore the digital world for years and eventually became a cropper.
But Tesco, with its long history of investing in its online services and now a broader technology offering, has discovered an uncomfortable truth. You can be at the cutting edge of 21st Century retailing - but that counts for nothing if customers think they can fill their trolleys for less cash elsewhere. The Hudl 2 will probably be a huge Christmas hit. Whether Dave Lewis will order a third version is far less clear.
 

Chinese synthetic textile imports surges after anti-dumping duty levy on PTAChinese synthetic textile imports surges after anti-dumping duty levy on PTA
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, October 3:  
India has seen a surge of synthetic textile products imports from China after imposing an anti-dumping duty on a key raw material for such products, Chemicals and Petrochemicals Manufacturers Association said on Friday.
India imposed anti-dumping duties in the range of $19.05-117.09 a tonne depending on the country of import imposed on purified terephtalic acid (used for making synthetic textile fibres) from China, Korea, the European Union and Thailand. This was after a plea by Reliance Industries Ltd and Mitsubishi’s MCC PTA India Corporation
CPMA says that after the anti-dumping duty was levied on the raw material, the finished good – in this case synthetic textiles – are being imported in large volumes from China. 
According to the association, imports of polyester staple fibre more than tripled to 16,785 tonnes in July-August this year, compared with 4,441 tonnes a year before. Similarly, purchases of PFY from overseas more than doubled to 8,965 tonnes in the last two months from a year earlier.
“Sharp surge in import of Chinese synthetic textile items and raw materials is posing a major risk to Indian synthetic textile industry,” CPMA said in a statement. 
China is becoming more aggressive now since its domestic demand is stagnant. 
“China also intends to finish off competition from Indian domestic producers in the case of raw materials used for synthetic textiles so that Chinese producers can dictate terms later,” CPMA said in its statement. 
The CPMA has also written to Nirmala Sitharaman, Minister of State for Commerce, to apprise her of the situation. 
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

JP Morgan says 76 m households impacted by cyber breachJP Morgan says 76 m households impacted by cyber breach
PTI
Tweet
New York, Oct 3:  
Data of about 76 million households and seven million small businesses was compromised in a major data breach at JP Morgan and Chase, one of the world’s largest financial services giant.
Names, addresses, phone numbers, e-mail addresses and internal JPMorgan Chase information relating to such users have been compromised, the New York-based bank said in a regulatory filing.
However, it added that it has not seen “any unusual customer fraud” related to this incident till now.
“JPMorgan Chase customers are not liable for unauthorised transactions on their account that they promptly alert the firm to,” the bank said.
“There is no evidence that account information for such affected customers — account numbers, passwords, user IDs, dates of birth or social security numbers — was compromised during this attack,” it added.
The breach, which was first disclosed in August, is still under investigation by the bank and law enforcement agencies.
JPMorgan said it is cooperating with law-enforcement officials following reports that hackers, believed to be from Russia, had broken into the bank’s computer systems. Reports had suggested that other banks were also targeted in the attack.
“In addition, the firm is fully cooperating with government agencies in connection with their investigations,” the filing said.
The Federal Bureau of Investigations had acknowledged the attack and the US Secret Service is “working to determine the scope of recently reported cyber attacks against several American financial institutions.”
Incidents of cybercrime, resulting in stealing of massive amounts of consumer data, are on the rise globally.
In September, retail chain Home Depot had said its payment systems were breached in a cyberattack that impacted about 56 million payment cards.
Last year, Adobe Systems said it suffered a cyberattack impacting over 100 million usernames, encrypted passwords and password hints.
Also, Target Corp’s cyberattack last holiday season affected 40 million payment cards and 70 million names, addresses, e-mails and phone numbers.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Maharashtra assembly polls: Parties keep Vidarbha statehood out of campaignsMaharashtra polls: Parties keep Vidarbha statehood out of campaigns
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Oct 04, 2014 12:22 AM IST
There is a mad rush among political parties in the run up to the Maharashtra assembly polls to announce their committment towards ''Akhand'' (united, undivided) Maharashtra.
None of the parties including Congress, Nationalist Congress Party, Bharatiya Janata Party and Shiv Sena are raking up the issue of separate Vidarbha state. Incidentally, Vidarbha region occupies 31.6% of total area and holds 21.3% of total population of Maharashtra.
Shiv Sena has been quite consistent and firm in its view to strongly oppose Vidarbha state reiterating that the party will not allow division of Maharashtra which came into existence after sacrifice of 105 martyrs.
However, Congress party's turn around on this issue has stunned seveeral party leaders and its opponents. Host of its leaders including late Vasant Sathe, NKP Salve apart from ex-ministers Ranjit Deshmukh, Vilas Muttemwar, Madhukar Kimmatkar were at the forefront to spearhead agitation for Vidarbha state. Ironically, they failed to mobilize citizens from Vidarbha region, which is leading hub for coal mines, coal based power plants and oranges.
After losing power at the Centre, Congress has dropped even the mention of Vidarbha state from its poll manifesto. Congress is not sure to galvanize necessary support on this issue as it is fight for survival in 62 assembly constituencies from the Vidarbha region. Congress has promised adequate allocation of funds to expedite development of the region.
As far as NCP is concerned, the party president Sharad Pawar on Friday said his party supports united Maharashtra. ''Let the people and not the politicians take a decision on Vidarbha state. Voters have rejected political parties who have contested elections in the past on this issue,'' Pawar said.
Incidentally, Pawar led NCP has expressed its resolve for united Maharashtra. Pawar also recalled sacrifice made by a lot of people for the formation of Maharashtra.
In case of BJP, which has been quite vocal for the establishment of small states and especially Vidarbha, has kept it out of its campaign. BJP, which rode on Modi wave, to win six out of 10 Lok Sabha seats, has geared up similar performance in 62 assembly seats.
Union minister of rural development and roads Nitin Gadkari, who was elected from Nagpur in the Lok Sabha poll, has recently said that the Centre doesn't have any plans with regard to the statehood for Vidarbha. Instead, Gadkari announced projects of over Rs 13,000 crore for Nagpur alone.
BJP has nominated a young politician Ashish Deshmukh, who is former Congress leader Ranjit Deshmukh's son, from Katol seat against his uncle and NCP candidate Anil Deshmukh. Ashish had recently led a march to press for Vidarbha state.
Ironically, former legislator Wamanrao Chatap, who contested on Aam Aadmi Party ticket from Chandrapur seats in Lok Sabha poll, is isolated on this issue.

Commercial bank credit growth remains sluggish at 9.7%Commercial bank credit growth remains sluggish at 9.7 per cent
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 3, 2014  | 17:45 IST
Photo: Reuters
Credit growth of commercial banks continued to remain weak with a growth of just 9.7 per cent at Rs 61,46,526 crore for the fortnight to September 19, according to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) data.
Bank credit was Rs 56,02,021 crore in the corresponding period last year.
This was for the second consecutive fortnight that the credit growth came at sub-10 per cent.
Bankers have expressed concerns over sluggish credit demand and appear reluctant to cut lending rates.
Recently, HDFC Bank Managing Director and CEO Aditya Puri said both the lending and deposit rates are a function of credit demand and "currently it is not exceedingly healthy".
Deposits grew 13.33 per cent to Rs 81,06,633 crore in the fortnight to September 19 as compared with Rs 71,50,374 crore in the year-ago period.
Demand deposit expanded 12.40 per cent to Rs 7,36,751 crore as of September 19 from Rs 6,55,428 crore in the same period a year ago.
Time deposit rose 13.47 per cent to Rs 73,69,898 crore as against Rs 64,94,947 crore in the same period last year.

Fights break out between Hong Kong protesters  BeijingsupportersA pro-democracy student protester, left, argues with angry locals trying to remove the barricades blocking local streets in Causeway Bay, Hong Kong on Friday. (Source: AP photo)
Associated Press | Hong Kong | Posted: October 3, 2014 4:01 pm | Updated: October 4, 2014 2:35 am
Hong Kong pro-democracy protesters have shelved plans for talks with the government on electoral reforms after mobs of people tried to drive them from the streets they have occupied for a week. The Hong Kong Federation of Students, one of the groups leading the protests that swelled to the tens of thousands earlier this week, said they saw no choice but to cancel the talks.
Hong Kong’s leader, Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying, proposed the talks late Thursday, seeking to defuse the standoff, the biggest challenge to Beijing’s authority since China took control of the former British colony in 1997.
The scuffles in Kowloon’s crowded Mong Kok district and other areas were the most chaotic since police used tear gas and pepper spray last weekend to try to disperse the protesters.
Police try to hold back pro-democracy student protesters during a scuffle on Friday. (Source: AP photo)
Pushing and yelling, hundreds of Hong Kong residents tried to force pro-democracy activists from the streets they were occupying on Friday as tensions rose. The protesters said that if authorities do not act to protect the unarmed, peaceful demonstrators, they would retract an agreement to hold talks with the city government. “Stop the violence or we call off the talks,’’ the groups of students and other activists said in a statement.
Police were hard-pressed to keep order as the two sides tussled in a tense standoff. The visibly older people trying to force the vastly outnumbered protesters out were yelling, shoving and at times trying to drag the younger protesters away.
The democracy activists linked arms and held hands as they tried to stand their ground against the huge crowd. Police formed cordons and escorted some of the protesters away as hundreds of onlookers chanted, “Go home!’’

Well  last week the President 
Telefonica to sell O2 10:35: Breaking News
So, BT has responded to press "speculation" that it is in talks with Telefonica to buy O2. It has issued a statement which says it is continuing to develop its own plans to launch a mobile carrier next year. It adds two mobile operators have expressed interest in BT buying them out, of which Telefonica's O2 is one. "All discussions are at a highly preliminary stage and there can be no certainty that any transaction will occur," BT says.
 
 
10:27: Rise in poverty
The Joseph Rowntree Foundation has published a big report in UK poverty levels today. One of the highlights is a section on pay which reveals the average self-employed worker earns 13% less than they did five years ago. It has also found a big rise in zero hours contracts, part-time work and people working for themselves. The JRF says there are now 13 million people living in poverty in the UK.
 
 
10:14: Friends life share price
...has jumped 7% this morning to 372.60p on the news of the Aviva takeover. Aviva's share price meanwhile remains 3.6% lower at 519.32p.
 
 
09:55: German confidence
A closely-watched survey measuring German business confidence has shown a rise for November - after six months of declines. The IFO institute's index rose to 104.7 from 103.2 points in October.
 
 
09:39: Market data
Some of you have emailed in about the BBC's market data pages, which are displaying old numbers this morning. There are some problems with the facility, but our software engineers are working on getting it up-and-running as soon as possible. Sincere apologies.
 
 
09:26: L'Occitane flourishes
French beauty products firm L'Occitane, which is actually headquartered in Luxembourg, reports a staggering 200% rise in pre-tax profits for the six months to the end of September. The firm made €40.3m, compared with €13.3m in the same period last year. However net sales are up just 9%, so the boost in profits is largely due to other factors, such as favourable currency exchange rates.
 
 
09:15: Telefonica to sell O2?
Spain's Telefonica is in talks to sell its UK mobile operator O2 to BT according to Spanish website El Confidencial . The deal would see Telefonica receive a 20% stake in BT as part of a "strategic alliance" to strengthen the pair, it says. Neither BT nor Telefonica have commented on the report thus far.
 
 
08:53: Intesa bid for Coutts
The Financial Times reports Italian bank Intesa Sanpaolo is eying a bid for the Queen's bank, Coutts. Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) owns Coutts, but last month it put the international arm of the bank up for sale. Intesa is cash rich with €16bn of excess capital sitting on its balance sheet, so it is looking to make acquisitions. It is, however, trying to convince RBS to sell its highly prized UK business as well, according to the FT.
 
 
08:28: Markets update
London's leading share index - the FTSE 100 - is down 0.1% in early trading, dragged down by Aviva, and further falls for major mining companies - including Rio Tinto, Anglo American, Antofagasta and BHP Billiton.
The detailed outlook on the main European markets is as follows:
The FTSE 100 is down 0.11% at 6,743
In Frankfurt, the Dax is down 0.1% 9,722
In Paris, the Cac is up 0.07% at 4,350
 
 
08:20: Aviva shares lower
It seems investors aren't all that impressed with the Aviva takeover of Friends Life. Shares in the UK insurance giant are down 3.5% at 519p.
 
 
08:17: Petrofac outlook
Investors are really unhappy with Petrofac's downgraded profits outlook (see 07:49). Shares are down a whopping 20% in early trading. They are currently priced at 951.36p after opening at 996.50p.
 
 
08:13: Aviva/Friends Life deal BBC Radio 4
"I think predominately its a financial transaction from an Aviva perspective," David Cumming, head of equities at Standard Life, tells Today . He's talking about the proposed merger between Friends Life and the UK insurance giant. He says Aviva has seen an opportunity to make money and cut costs through the deal. Friends worked out the government's reforms of pensions put it in a weak position in the annuities market, which had been responsible for a lot of recent growth, he adds.
 
 
08:06: Sanctions hit Russia
Russia is losing $40bn a year due to economic sanctions imposed by Western governments in response to the Ukraine crisis, and up to $100bn a year because of falling oil prices, the country's finance minister, Anton Siluanov, has said.
 
 
08:00: Spanish bonds
Investors seem happy with the strident tone taken by Mario Draghi, the president of the European Central Bank, on battling deflation in the eurozone. The yield on Spanish 10-year bonds have fallen below 2% for the first time - although they have been dropping steadily all year, as the chart above shows.
 
 
07:49: Petrofac outlook
The effects of falling oil prices are being felt at oil and gas giant Petrofac. The company says it expects a $500m net profit in 2015 - much lower than analysts' estimates. "The foundations of the business remain strong," insists chief executive Ayman Asfari.
 
 
07:34: Insurance company restrictions
Insurance companies in the UK will be banned from covering the cost of terrorist ransoms, under new anti-terror legislation to be announced by the home secretary, Theresa May, later today. The government says paying ransoms encourages kidnapping and it says Islamic State militants are taking hostages to fund their operations.
 
 
Via Twitter Adam Parsons Business Correspondent
tweets: "Turns out @LewisHamilton DOES still have TWO allocated parking spaces at Asda Stevenage. But the paint's faded a bit..."
 
 
07:15: Europe exit call BBC Radio 4
Former environment secretary, Owen Paterson, is to call on the prime minister to renegotiate the UK's membership of the common agricultural policy and negotiate a new free trade agreement with the European Union. He will tell business leaders the UK could flourish economically outside the EU. He is also expected to call on the government to give two year's notice of its intention to quit the EU.
 
 
07:00: Royal Bank of Scotland BBC Radio 4
Late on Friday, Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) shares fell 4% after it admitted it had overstated its financial strength as part of the European Central Bank's stress tests. David Cumming, head of UK equities at Standard Life, tells the Today programme that "it's an embarrassing mistake". But, he adds: "Ironically, RBS has one of the best capital ratio positions of the UK banks now, so there's nothing from a customers point of view to worry about".
 
 
06:50: Food producers' woes Radio 5 live
It's like "removing nutrients from a plant," says Mr Swift of the squeeze on food producers. "Ultimately it will wither, and it may well die". He says the pressure on their profit margins leaves the firms "less able to deal with shocks." It is not the fixed prices for their goods that is hurting, he says, but the demand by supermarkets for suppliers to contribute to the cost of in-store advertising, promotions, or even refurbishment.
 
 
06:41: Food producers' woes Radio 5 live
Duncan Swift, who works for the accountants behind the food producers report, Moore Stephens - tells Wake Up to Money that the supermarkets are "removing the blanket" of money that allows food suppliers to pay their own suppliers, and to pay their staff a decent wage. It also means that food producers have no money to invest in new products, he says.
 
 
06:39: Chinese interest rates
China's leadership and central bank are ready to cut interest rates again and loosen lending restrictions, over concerns that falling prices could trigger a surge in debt defaults, business failures and job losses, according to a report from Reuters. The People's Bank of China is also open to the idea of cutting the banking industry's reserve requirement ratio (RRR), which effectively restricts the amount of money available to fund loans.
 
 
06:24: Food producers' woes
There's no doubt that customers are winning in the supermarkets' price war, which is pushing prices ever lower, but one industry is really feeling the pinch . A record number of small food suppliers are going out of business, according to a large accountancy firm, because big retailers are pressurising them to sell their wares more cheaply, which is eating into their profit margins.
 
 
06:14: Lewis Hamilton Radio 5 live
Our colleagues at Wake Up to Money have managed to find a business-related Lewis Hamilton anecdote. Apparently, the double F1 world champion ( as of this weekend ), was once awarded with a dedicated parking space at his local Asda supermarket.
 
 
06:03: Asian markets
Asia's main markets are all up this morning, buoyed by Friday's unexpected rate cut by China's central bank, which has sparked hopes of more action to combat the country's slowing economy. The European Central Bank's vow to fight deflation has also brought cheer to investors. The Hang Seng is up almost 2% at 23,898.34 and the Shanghai Composite is up 2.2% at 2,541.54. The Nikkei is closed for a public holiday.
 
 
06:01: Matthew West Business Reporter
Morning folks. As always you can get in touch via email to bizlivepage@bbc.co.uk and on Twitter @bbcbusiness .
 
 
06:01: Joe Miller Business Reporter
Morning. There's a lot of news around today, but lets start with the Royal Bank of Scotland. The bank - still 80% owned by the taxpayer - has apologised for repeatedly giving incorrect evidence to a parliamentary hearing . The evidence concerned its controversial Global Restructuring Group, which handles the bank's loans to companies considered to be a possible risk. It was accused of killing off viable businesses.
 

Medical coders face labor gap
An open letter to Narendra ModiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Silver 37500 ayaga buy karna valoCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Gold 26000 ayaga buy karna valoCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Its a long term buy - my target for power finance is rs 350 for the lo...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Raven will burn and mcx will improve check this postCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

How Rich Americans Spend Their Money
CoalMin seeks clarity from LawMin on coal blocksCoalMin seeks clarity from LawMin on cancelled coal blocks
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 2, 2014  | 16:45 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
In light of the Supreme Court's observations, the Coal Ministry has sought clarifications from the Law Ministry on various issues including whether the mines can be allotted to public sector undertakings (PSUs) and new end-use plants.
The development follows the apex court's verdict quashing allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks allotted to various companies since 1993.
"In the light of the observations of the Supreme Court, Ministry of Coal has sought clarifications from the Ministry of Law on the issues (under the amended provisions of the MMDR Act, 1957) like whether allocation of coal blocks can be made for the purpose of mining to a State PSU or PSU of the state government," a source said.
The source further said that clarifications have also been sought on whether coal blocks can be allocated jointly to more than one company or to a consortium of two or four entities engaged in the business of end-uses for existing and operational end use plants and whether mines can be allotted to new end use plants as they may not be engaged in the business of end-uses at the time of allotment.
SC had last month quashed the allocation of the aforementioned 214 coal blocks terming it as "fatally flawed" and allowed the Centre to take over operation of 42 such blocks which are functional.
The SC said the beneficiaries of the illegal process "must suffer" the consequences and refused to show sympathy to private companies which submitted that Rs 2.87 lakh crore have been invested in 157 coal blocks and Rs 4 lakh crores in end-use plants.

Draghi s trillion euro bid to boost EuropeDraghi gives Europe 1 trillion euros
By Mark Thompson   @MarkThompsonCNN October 2, 2014: 11:16 AM ET
Anti-austerity protesters clashed with riot police outside the European Central Bank meeting in Naples, Italy.
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Mario Draghi threw one trillion euros at Europe's faltering economy Thursday and told people to stop blaming the central bank for the hardship they feel.
The president of the European Central Bank was unveiling details of a program that is aimed at stimulating the economy by getting banks to lend more to European companies and consumers.
Loans and mortgages worth as much as one trillion euros ($1.3 trillion) -- including some junk-rated assets from Greece and Cyprus -- qualify as assets that will be purchased by the ECB over two years. There are conditions attached and no guarantee that the central bank will buy them all.
The stimulus measures were announced in early September, alongside the bank's second interest rate cut this year. The ECB will start buying some of the assets later this month.
The ECB has taken a series of bold policy steps into uncharted territory this year, driven by concern that current very low inflation may turn into a vicious circle of falling prices and economic stagnation similar to the fate Japan suffered in the 1990s.
But the outlook has worsened still further in recent weeks, with inflation across the eurozone falling to just 0.3% in September.
Related: Risk of third German recession pressures Europe
Unemployment has been stuck at 11.5% for the past three months, and survey data suggests Germany, Europe's biggest economy, may slip into a third recession since the financial crisis. Italy's economy is shrinking again, and France has managed just three quarters of growth in the last nine.
That has prompted more calls for the ECB to go all in with a U.S. Federal Reserve-style program to buy government bonds, or full-blown quantitative easing (QE).
Thousands of people protested against austerity outside the ECB meeting, held Thursday in the Italian city of Naples.
Draghi said he understood why people were angry, given years of recession and high unemployment. But he said their criticism of the ECB was misdirected.
"I find the description of the ECB as the guilty actor here needs to be corrected," Draghi told reporters, listing the "unprecedented" measures the bank has taken.
He repeated a pledge that the bank would use further "unconventional instruments" if necessary -- seen as code for QE -- to get the economy moving again.
He also took a thinly veiled swipe at some European governments for failing to step up. He said monetary policy needed to be accompanied by greater commitment to reform their economies, a remark analysts said was aimed particularly at Italy and France.
"We know that our measures are going to be more effective, or may be effective only if other policies are in place," Draghi said. "Each actor has its role to perform."
First Published: October 2, 2014: 11:16 AM ET
Most Popular

Chicago-area rents rise while occupancy stays steady3
Nationally, the vacancy rate rose for the first time in 4½ years, to 4.2 percent, up 0.1 percent, and largely caused by the jump in construction.
During the quarter, some 46,055 units were delivered to markets across the country, the second-highest quarterly number since 2002’s fourth quarter. Year-to-date, more than 113,000 units have been constructed.
“New construction continues to increase over time and will likely reach a post-recession high this year,” Ryan Severino, Reis senior economist, wrote in the report. “Meanwhile, demand has clearly declined from levels observed during 2010 and 2011. This type of slowing is expected, but demand should remain robust.”
Despite the uptick in Chicago-area rents, the local market remains a bargain compared with many cities. For instance, average monthly rents were $3,185 in New York, $2,173 in San Francisco, $1,870 in Boston and $1,484 in Los Angeles.
Looking for something a little less expensive? Head to Oklahoma City or Wichita, Kan., where average third-quarter rents were $588 and $543, respectively.

Chicago Spire bankruptcy plan wins creditor support2
Still, despite the vote, the success of the reorganization plan and Kelleher's desire to stay involved with the site's development hinge on the company's ability to come up with the money necessary to pay off creditors and, in particular, Related Cos., which owns the debt on the site at 400 N. Lake Shore Drive.
This year, Shelbourne inked an agreement with Northbrook-based Atlas Apartment Holdings under which Atlas would provide, through its own funds or funds from others, up to $135 million to pay bankruptcy claims. In return, Atlas would become majority owner of the Spire's site, working with Kelleher to develop the project that has been at a standstill since 2008.
But Shelbourne last month received bankruptcy court permission to pursue other financial backers for that deal, saying it had encountered "certain delays" in advancing its agreement with Atlas.
Related Cos. must receive more than $109 million by Oct. 31. If Shelbourne opts to defer that payment until March 31, Related must receive $22 million by Oct. 31 and more than $92 million by March 31. If either of those payment deadlines is missed, or if Shelbourne chooses not to move forward with the plan, Related would get title to the 2.2-acre site.
U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Janet Baer will conduct a hearing on the plan's confirmation Tuesday.

Millionaires We Can Lovereddit
Back when I was 15 years old, I decided that television shows were insultingly stupid, and turned off the set for good. Maybe one laugh track too many sent me over the edge, I can't really remember. I am in my fifties now and still don't watch TV, even though I know it is considered the ultimate medium for modern, envelope-pushing entertainment. I do try to watch the occasional cable show that trusted friends rave about and insist I sample. I'm usually disappointed. Don't know why, maybe by now I've just programmed myself not to like watching the tube. This does not make me feel superior to anyone; it's just not my thing.
Reality TV in particular has me scratching my head. I actually know people who watch Real Housewives of Atlanta, and I swear they must be high on crack. What in the world? I'm supposed to be entertained by that? I lasted about five minutes; by then the pain was too extreme!
And then a casting director friend of mine, who often works for reality TV productions, told me about a CNBC docu-series called American Made that's coming to a TV set near you, and it actually piqued my interest! Maybe it's because I'm a hard-working small business owner but it sounded great. The show plans to profile self-made millionaires, but not the kind you might imagine. Instead of your over-profiled, overnight tech millionaires or the white collar corporate types making fat bonuses in their sleep from intangible products like derivatives and other "financial instruments," this series plans to feature self-made success stories from the blue-collar trenches. Some of the people they've already got lined up sounded like unique individuals with true, inspirational chops.
So the suspicious and reality-show-averse skeptic in me asked her why any millionaire would want to be bothered with doing a show like this? Aren't they too busy running their businesses? "Well, for starters," she said, "these are smart business people, and their companies are going to get hundreds of thousands of dollars in free publicity." Duh. "And the people we've been talking to are eager to pass on the message that it's okay to dream big! That if they can make it, anyone can."
Well, that's a message I can get behind. My husband and I started our small business 17 years ago without much cash and a lot of enthusiasm. Today, while we are not millionaires, and still confront the struggles and challenges of any small business owner, we live well. A lot of that has to do with the privilege of being self-employed, which affords us the opportunity to sketch out the quality of life we want for ourselves. And our business, which pays the bills, allows us the freedom to pursue our creative projects without stress--I'm an author, my husband is a sculptor.
Damn, now I wish we could get on that show! Have to be a millionaire first, though. The folks at American Made are looking for blue-collar success stories from the service industry, manufacturing, construction, agriculture, manual labor, infrastructure sectors and anything in between. I thought this was information worth passing along. If you're someone who built your business from the ground up, or if you have relatives or friends who fit the bill, I say let these guys know about you! We can use some working class heroes.
More:

Who s More Progressive: Airports  Movie Theaters or the NFLreddit
Three industries provided connectable dots today.
First, the FCC announced that the blackout rule -- which has prevented the broadcast of NFL games in a team's home market unless the stadium is sold out -- "has become outdated," and will repeal it to eliminate unnecessary regulation and leave the question "to private solutions negotiated by the interested parties." The New York Times article points out that when the rule was created, ticket sales were a large contributor to a team's income, but today most revenue comes from television.  And in 2013, only two of 256 NFL games were blacked out. Note that this doesn't require the teams to broadcast the games that don't sell out.
Nonetheless, the NFL "is fighting desperately to keep the FCC rule intact", filling terrifying briefs to the Commission saying "the eventual result likely would be decrease in the amount of professional sports on broadcast television." Meanwhile, the National Cable Television Association sensibly points out that ticket prices have a lot more to do with whether fans go to the stadium. (You'd think temperatures would matter, but half the games blacked out in 2011 were in San Diego and Tampa Bay.)
In a second skirmish, Netflix announced a deal with the Weinstein Company and IMAX Theaters to open it first original movie, the sequel to Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, simultaneously on Netflix and in IMAX theaters. The Weinstein Company has already agreed to make Netflix it's exclusive U.S. subscription TV service for its first-run films stating in 2016. These moves attack the "windowing" paradigm of studios releasing films to theaters exclusively for three months.  Netflix, of course, already challenged television's release model when it offered the entire season of House of Cards at once, arguing that their approach fit consumers' wishes to binge. "What I am hoping is that it will be a proof point that the sky doesn't fall," said Netflix Content Officer TED Sarandos. "These are two different experiences, like going to a football game and watching a football game on TV." Hmmn.
In this performance, the role of the monopolist will be played by the three dominant theater chains.  Regal Entertainment, AMC Entertainment, and Cinemark, "have aggressively opposed any encroachment on their release window, maintaing that any shortening would encourage consumers to stay home," according to one report .  "Regal... has wasted no time in slamming" the deal, and AMC will "boycott" the movie, and its "parent company Wanda may not carry it in China," according to The Hollywood Reporter .  "'No one has approached us to license this made-for-video sequel in the U.S. or China, so one must assume the screens Imax committed are in science centers and aquariums,' AMC said in a terse statement." Terse doesn't quite cover referring to a movie with a budget of ten times the original Crouching Tiger's $23 million as "made for video." And, umm, Imax. The Reporter headline was "Major Blow for Netflix, Imax," by the way, apparently taking little interest in the customers or industry evolution.
Today's final threat to life as we know it is United Airlines' decision to include the ability to book Uber through it's smartphone app .   The marketing director for the Greater Orlando Aviation Authority told United's VP for Marketing that "a lot of airports...are against Uber, because the drivers are not vetted and not regulated," displaying more faith in the local Hack Bureau than crowdsourced reviews. United "want[s] to provide functionality. Our customers want it. They told us they like it and they're using the product." Weird, right?
So, the answer to "Who's More Progressive" is none of them -- in each case the owners of the "bottleneck facility," as we used to call the RBOCs back in the day, are protecting their ability to collect economic rents, while United, Weinstein, Netflix and the FCC have the customer's back. The NFL, theater moguls, and airports seem unconcerned with whether they are actually creating value for anyone but themselves. How many times do we have to see this movie? Oh, I mean video.  - CAM
Follow Christopher Meyer on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ChrisMeyer16
More:

Fading barriers to a Jeb 2016 campaignBy Jennifer Rubin October 2 Follow @JRubinBlogger
Former president George W. Bush says of his brother Jeb, “Yeah, I think he wants to be president.” While adding that he doesn’t think Jeb has made up his mind one way or another, the former president said, “He understands what it’s like to be president for not only the person, or serving, plus family. He’s seen his dad, he’s seen his brother, and so he’s a very thoughtful man and he’s weighing his options.”
Jeb Bush in New York this May. (AP Photo/John Minchillo)
As events are playing out this year, many barriers previously thought to prevent Jeb Bush from running are falling away. Here are five of them:
Bush 43 is no longer all that unpopular and has gained admiration for his work on AIDS and his tenacity on the surge in Iraq .
Jeb would not have to worry about defending his brother’s decision to go to war against Saddam Hussein. Hillary Clinton supported it, too. However, he can say, “At least he could recognize when things were going wrong, admit it, fix it and turn potential defeat into victory.”
There is no standout front-runner on the Republican side, and those dubbed as such by the MSM at one time or another have dug themselves big holes on the war against the Islamic State and the government shutdown.
The more management screwups in the Obama administration, the more attractive executive competence looks.
As for the animosity of the right-wing base, well, that faction of the GOP did not stop Mitt Romney or Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) from getting the nomination.
The last factor deserves close attention. While a batch of right-wing candidates does tend to depend on the same portion of the GOP electorate and it is true that these candidates don’t sell well with a wider audience, some specific trends this time around might encourage a Jeb Bush run.
Tea Party candidates — of the type backed by Bush’s most voracious critics — bombed out in Senate primary races this year. And the appeal of the tea party has diminished over time. ( Gallup reports , “One in four Americans now say they are supporters of the Tea Party. This is down from 2010, but support has been fairly stable since late 2011. The percentage of Americans classifying themselves as Tea Party opponents is slightly higher now than it was in 2010.”)
Jeb Bush may well figure that, once he begins campaigning, he will have the chance to demonstrate just  how conservative a governor he was:
That is true if one is talking about his record on taxes, where he cut taxes every year he was governor (a period covering eight years and totaling nearly $20 billion). It’s true if one is talking about Bush’s fiscal record, where he reduced the number of state government employees, kept state government spending growth lower than personal income growth, vetoed over $2.5 billion in new spending initiatives, and even won high marks, particularly in his  first   term , from the libertarian Cato Institute. (Bush’s spending in his second term went up in part because Florida was hit by eight hurricanes in less than two years.)
Governor Bush instituted medical liability reforms that capped non-economic damages; overhauled and modernized Florida’s civil service system, including allowing state workers to be terminated for cause; did away with quotas and preferential pricing advantages in procurement and eliminated race or ethnic advantages in admissions policies; and championed an overhaul of Medicaid that allowed beneficiaries to choose from a menu of private insurance options rather than force them into a centrally managed public system. He was a strong advocate of school choice and charter schools, enacted tough standards, required testing of all students, and graded all schools. As a result of these accountability steps, his state experienced a dramatic increase in student achievement, with Florida students well outpacing national average increases in standardized test scores. Bush’s record also includes Florida’s bond rating being upgraded to the highest possible grade (AAA) and the greatest job creation in the country during the time he served as governor.
Only a few governors (and certainly no one outside Texas or currently in the House or Senate) can match that.
None of this means he will run or he will be the best candidate or he will win, but all are entirely plausible. That was not true a year ago.
Time has been kinder to Jeb Bush than to his harshest critics, and if he realizes this he might become convinced he can win. Then all he will need to decide is whether he is willing to take on the ordeal of running for office in order to be president. With zero inside knowledge beyond what I have reported and seen, I’d say the chances of him running are over 50 percent. With each embarrassing Obama scandal or egregious misstep by a potential opponent, that number goes up.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Wall St. ends flat; small caps reboundWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ European Central Bank Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. GameStop Corp. Mario Draghi
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

India beat Pakistan 4-2 to win men s hockey gold  qualify for 2016 Olympicsmore photos »
When Dharamvir Singh found the goal past Imran Butt Thursday evening, it was the end of a 48-year-long wait. India had beaten Pakistan in the Asian Games final — the first time after 1966.
While it took Indian men 16 years to reclaim Asiad hockey gold, which also earned them a direct berth to the 2016 Rio Olympics, the women’s 4x400m relay quartet set a Games record of 3 minutes 28.68 seconds, winning the title a fourth time running.
The hockey final lived up to its top-billing, with arch-rivals refusing to give an inch and playing out a 1-1 draw in regulation time. India then held their nerve to win the shootout 4-2 and clinch their first gold since the 1998 Bangkok Games.
Indian goalkeeper Sreejesh is congratulated by the entire team after he saved two penalties in the final shoot out. (PTI Photo)
 Though India had finished runners-up in the Glasgow Commonwealth Games, there was tension in the air after their 1-2 defeat against Pakistan in the group stage.
And concerns grew after Muhammad Rizwan Sr put defending champions Pakistan ahead in the third minute.
Congrats to Indian men's hockey team & women 4x400m relay team for having won gold medals in Asian Games #PresidentMukherjee — President of India (@RashtrapatiBhvn) October 2, 2014
However, Kothajit Singh equalised in the 27th minute and an experienced India, cheered on by hundreds of fans, were brimming with confidence going into the penalty shootout.
For India, Akashdeep Singh, Rupinder Pal Singh and Birender Lakra slotted home, showing neat tactics. India erupted in celebrations when Dharamvir’s flick home put the game beyond Pakistan’s reach.
Goalkeeper PR Sreejesh was India’s hero. He thwarted Abdul Haseem Khan and Umar Bhutta, with only Muhammad Waqas and Shafqat Abbasi managing to convert.
We are going to the OLYMPICSSSSSSSSS GOLD MEDALISTS— Sardar Singh (@8_SardarSingh) October 2, 2014
The last time India beat Pakistan in an Asian Games hockey final was at Bangkok in 1966. Since then, they had lost five times to their traditional rivals in the title clash, the most painful one being the 1-7 rout at New Delhi in 1982.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi led the praise for India’s performances. “Very good day for India at the Asian Games. Congrats to our hockey team and congrats to our women athletes for the gold in 4x400 metres relay,” he said.
Very good day for India at the Asian Games. Congrats to our Hockey Team & congrats to our women athletes for the Gold in 4x400 metres relay.— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) October 2, 2014
Sreejesh dedicated the triumph to the Indian Army while India’s Australian coach Terry Walsh set his sights on the team getting better for the Olympics in two years. “This is a special moment for Indian hockey. It’s a big moment for the players and my congratulations to them,” he said.
The defeat prolonged the misery for Pakistan, who failed to qualify for this year’s World Cup and now face a hazardous qualification road to Rio.

Dwindling US inflation casts shadowDwindling US inflation casts shadow
By Michael Mackenzie in New York and Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/62a100f4-4a45-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

In the race for CM  my number is first‘In the race for CM, my number is first’
Written by Shalini Nair | Sindhudurg |       October 3, 2014 8:45 am
Comments
Narayan Rane, Konkan strongman heading the Congress campaign in Maharashtra. (Source: Express photo)
How will the claims made in your party’s campaign be any different from those of your former alliance partner NCP?
The edge we have over the NCP is that the chief minister was from our party. Hence we were the ones who made the policy decisions and took up development issues. It was our CM who ensured their implementation. The Congress introduced new projects and schemes, amended rules where necessary and enforced reservation for the Maratha and Muslim communities. We alone have the right to say that we brought in development.
You have criticised CM Prithviraj Chavan in the past but today he is the face of your election ads. Does that mean he is the party’s chief ministerial candidate and you are no longer in the race?
The differences have been in the past. This is not the time to rake up internal issues; we have to work together. However, that doesn’t mean that Chavan is our CM candidate. Since he was the CM, we want to convey through him that we have had a clean administration. The face of our party is our party chief Sonia Gandhi, our ideology and the issue of development. In the Congress we decide on the CM later. As for being in the race, I have always been there. In the race, my number is first.
How do you explain the in the Lok Sabha election rout in the state?
We made no mistakes. What worked for Narendra Modi is the media campaign and the fact that people decided to repose faith in the tall assurances made by him. Today they feel betrayed. He promised prices will go down; they have increased. He said “goli ka jawaab goli se denge”. In his 100 days in office, there have been over 50 instances of firing by Pakistan. While he was sitting on a swing in Gujarat with the Chinese President, the Chinese army continued incursions into our territory. In America, he boasted about India’s infrastructure while asking investors to come. This infrastructure has not been delivered by him in three months, but by the Congress government.
What did you mean when you said recently that your biggest enemies are from within the party?
I didn’t say I have enemies. What I said was the Congress is not being defeated by the opposition outside, but by people from within the party. There is a lot of competition within the party, a lot of leaders, everyone wants a post; to achieve their personal gains they do things against the party’s interests.
The Maratha community is a majority in your region (Konkan) and politically strong. Do they really need reservation in jobs and education as recommended in the report submitted by a panel you headed?
Only 10 per cent of Marathas are strong politically and financially. The rest are poor families living in villages and require reservation. We conducted a survey of continued…

How hard is it to refinance Just ask Ben Bernanke.By Dina ElBoghdady October 2 Follow @DinaWaPo
(Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images)
Just in case anyone’s wondering how tough it really is to get a mortgage these days, consider this: Even Ben S. Bernanke got turned down for a loan.
The former Federal Reserve chairman revealed this tid-bit Thursday at a conference in Chicago, where he was the keynote luncheon speaker. Bernanke told the crowd that he had tried to refinance his mortgage, according to Bloomberg , but was “unsuccessful in doing so.”
“I’m not making that up,” Bernanke said when the audience laughed.
Bernanke was trying to make a point about tight lending conditions, which he said continue to hamper the housing recovery. “The housing area is one area where regulation has not yet got it right,” he said. 
Bernanke purchased his three-bedroom Capitol Hill rowhouse in 2004 for $839,000, public records show. He and his wife have refinanced the home twice since then, in 2009 and again in 2011. (That year, the Wall Street Journal reported that Bernanke owed $672,000 after refinancing.) The property was appraised at $880,700 as of last year.
Bernanke, who recently  joined the Brookings Institution as a distinguished fellow, did not say why he could not refinance this time.
Maybe he doesn’t have verifiable income now that he’s out the Fed?
 

Indian ADRs: Infosys Wipro drop; ICICI Bank gainsOct 03, 2014, 09.48 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indian ADRs: Infosys & Wipro drop; ICICI Bank gains
Indian ADRs closed mixed on Thursday. Among technology stocks, Infosys was down 0.56 percent to USD 59.62 and Wipro declined 0.19 percent to USD 11.99.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian ADRs: Infosys & Wipro drop; ICICI Bank gains
Indian ADRs closed mixed on Thursday. Among technology stocks, Infosys was down 0.56 percent to USD 59.62 and Wipro declined 0.19 percent to USD 11.99.
Post your opinion here
 
Indian ADRs closed mixed on Thursday. Among technology stocks, Infosys was down 0.56 percent to USD 59.62 and Wipro declined 0.19 percent to USD 11.99.
In the banking space, HDFC Bank slipped 0.05 percent to USD 46.08 while ICICI Bank rose 0.22 percent to USD 48.
Among others, Tata Motors climbed 0.45 percent to USD 44.55 whereas Dr Reddy's Laboratories dropped 0.28 percent to USD 52.01.
RELATED NEWS

Modi highlights Clean India and khadi on radio debutComments
In a free-wheeling chatty address to the nation, through radio, Prime Minister Narendra Modi issued a clarion call to citizens to join his social initiatives and contribute to nation-building. He also promised to stay in touch and connect - at least once, if not twice, a month with citizens on radio, becoming the first Indian Prime minister to reach out to citizens on such a regular basis, directly.
Modi used his debut on radio – during a programme titiled Mann ki Baat -  to remind listeners of his Swachh Bharat, Clean India, campaign. He spoke of the nine people he had invited to join the campaign, and urged every citizen to do the same - clean up, encourage another nine people to do so, and create a movement.
Modi also promoted the use of khadi, and said he was not asking people to wear only khadi. “But even if you use one khadi product, it will light the lamp of prosperity in the house of a poor person.”
The PM peppered his speech with anecdotes which had a running theme – of motivating and energizing citizens, and recognising their inner strength. This has been a constant thread of Modi’s addresses, be it at the Independence Day or in US or during the Swachh Bharat pledge.
Read: Modi invokes Bapu, wields broom for filth-free India  
Modi’s emphasis has been that the country is not only that of the government, but of the people, and citizens have to step up.
“You know, our scientists have undertaken the Mars mission successfully at minimum expenses. There is nothing lacking in our capabilities. We only have forgotten our strengths. We have forgotten ourselves as if we have become despondent.
My brothers and sisters, this cannot be,” said Modi."We need to recognise our internal strengths," he added. "The 125 crore Indians are blessed with immense skill and strength. All we need to do is to understand our strengths."
Modi spoke of his engagement with specially-abled children, and how they are the responsibility of not just their parents, but of the society and the country. He also spoke of skill development, and environment.
But more than the message, the novelty on Friday was in Modi’s choice of the medium and his direct engagement.
Modi plans to make his radio speeches once or twice a month on Sunday mornings to get his message across to two-thirds of the country’s 1.2 billion people who listen regularly to the radio.
Presidents and prime ministers generally use radio to address the people on Republic Day and Independence Day, but Modi’s address is the start of a regular slot on air for the prime minister.
He addressed millions of school students across the country on state-run Doordarshan on Teachers’ Day, but radio will help him reach deeper into the country as All India Radio has a much wider reach.
To make the communication two-way, Modi added if citizens wanted to respond, they could do so over email and letters. "If you have ideas and actual incidents which are constructive, do share with me. Together let us serve India and take our nation to newer heights," Modi said.

Yana Paskova / for NBC News
RSS chief s speech aired live on Doordarshan  Opposition calls it abuse of state powerThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Investors cut mkt positions to wait for volatile year endThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Should you buy the Moto 360Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Traders body asks govt to set up regulatory authority to monitor e-commerce businessTraders’ body asks govt to set up regulatory authority to monitor e-commerce business
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi October 3:  
In a letter to the Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman, Confederation of All India Traders have raised concerns about “predatory pricing” strategies by e-commerce players that is causing losses to brick and mortar stores and has said that this is against the principle of fair market and fair competition.
It has urged the government to set a special task force to “probe in to the working and business module of e commerce companies” and set up a regulatory authority to monitor the e-commerce business in India.
This comes in the wake of the big sales being announced by e-commerce players.
The trade body said, “It is astonishing that same brands of large number of products are being sold at a much cheaper rate by these companies in comparison to offline market. Such tendency is causing much business loss to brick and mortar shops particularly in segments of Cosmetics, daily use items, footwear, apparels, watches, gift articles, electronics, computer hardware and software, Mobiles and its accessories, Toys, Home Furnishings, Kitchen Appliances, Sports goods, Travel Luggage and Accessories, books and many other. Jewellery is yet another segment which is also being hit due to online market.”
It added that it is surprising that even after paying the commission and shipping charges to the e-commerce companies, the online shopping is cheaper that offline markets.
The trade body said e-commerce players are also contributing to the loss of tax revenue to consuming states and this anomaly needs to be corrected. “Such Companies are registered with taxation department of one State and making deliveries of the products through their logistic arrangement in different states across the Country. They seem to pay the applicable tax to State where they are registered but the goods consuming state does not get any revenue though the basic fundamental of the VAT taxation system is that the end consumer has to pay the tax, the trade body added.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Renault to enter used car biz in India; 2 new models nextyearVisitors look at cars displayed at the French carmaker Renault's showcase on media day at the Paris Mondial de l'Automobile. (Reuters)
PTI | Paris | Posted: October 3, 2014 4:02 pm
French auto major Renault plans to enter new verticals, including used car business in India next year, besides launching two new models, to make its presence felt in the market which it sees as “the biggest challenge”.
The company, which is targeting a market share of over 5 per cent in India, is also leveraging on its 4,500 strong R&D Centre in Chennai to come up with products which are “right for the country”.
“India is the biggest challenge for Renault in the next two years…we have high ambitions from the Indian market. It is very important for us,” Renault Chairman of AMI (Africa, Middle East and India) Region Bernard Cambier said on the sidelines of Paris Motor Show.
Renault, which currently sells five models including mid sized SUV Duster in India, had a market share tad over 2 per cent in the country last year. The Indian passenger vehicle market stood at around 2.5 million units last fiscal.
When asked about the product line up after 2016-17, Sawhney said: “For future lineup we cannot share details now but we can assure you that we will come up with products post 2016-17 also. So it’s not that we are not going to bring in new products.”
Terming the entry into small car segment as an “opportunity”, he said, the category is poised for growth with the opening up of the economy.
“Small cars is a very big opportunity today with economy opening up and you don’t have many international players in that segment and that we in Renault see as an opportunity very clearly,” he said.
All the products which will be introduced would have the capacity to create a sub-segment as Duster created one for itself, he added.

Not  renegade  BJP but we have right to take decisions on culture  people: Shiv SenaPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 3, 2014 3:58 pm
Terming its former ally BJP a “renegade”, the Shiv Sena on Friday renewed its attack on the party and claimed that decisions related to cultural aspects of the state can only be taken by them and not by a deserter.
“The people of Maharashtra will ensure that the Shiv Sena comes to power. Decisions related to the history, culture and self respect of the people of Maharashtra can be taken only by the Sena as we have earned that right. We hope that today’s Shastra Puja turns out to be an inspiration for our people,” the Sena said in its editorial mouthpiece ‘Saamna.’
Shastra Puja is held on the ninth day of the Navratri festival, celebrated as ‘Mahanavami’ and ‘shastra’ (weapons) used by Goddess Durga are worshipped on this day.
“We have given our blood and sacrificed our lives for Maharashtra. Only we can, therefore take decisions for benefit of our people. Weapons do not look good with people who are deserters (referring to the BJP),” the Sena said.
It further added that this Dussehra will be the start of a true saffron wave in the state.

Europes bourses gain as US data loomDollar and stocks jump after US jobs data
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f4055378-4aaa-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

EU OKs Eli Lilly s $5.4B Bid for Novartis DivisionAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

No senator has had it as easy as Pat Roberts -- until nowBy Aaron Blake October 3 Follow @aaronblakewp
U.S. Sen. Pat Roberts makes his victory speech at a Johnson County Republicans' election watch party Tuesday, Aug. 5, 2014, in Overland Park, Kan. Roberts defeated tea party-backed challenger Milton Wolf. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel)
Sen. Pat Roberts (R-Kan.) is the most shockingly vulnerable incumbent senator of the 2014 election. And his campaign has been a succession of stumbles -- so much so that it makes you wonder how this guy was elected to the Senate in the first place.
Well, if Roberts seems out of practice, there's a pretty good reason for it: It's because he has never faced a competitive campaign before. Ever.
Roberts has faced 11 federal elections, starting with his 1980 campaign for the House. In none of those 11 races has he ever taken less than 60 percent of the vote.
Given how many safe blue and red states there are out there, you might think that's not all that unusual. But in fact, no member of the Senate has had such an easy ride.
Sen. Barbara A. Mikulski (D-Md.) has won 10 campaigns without slipping below 60 percent, while Roberts's Kansas colleague Sen. Jerry Moran (R) has won eight without anything amounting to a scare (Update: It bears noting that Moran won a tough primary against a fellow congressman to win his seat in 2010). Beyond them, Sen. Mike Crapo (R-Idaho) has been over 60 percent in all six of his races, and the only other senator to win more than two federal races without a sub-60 performance is Sen. Mazie Hirono (D-Hawaii).
Only six other senators have faced voters without falling below 60 percent at least once.
In other words, Roberts's easy, breezy campaigns have not only been the easiest among all 100 senators; they're also largely without compare.
Of course, not having a close race in 34 years is something of a credit to Roberts; it suggests he's done something right. And Roberts has technically faced a tough race -- in this year's primary, where he took 48 percent and beat physician Milton Wolf by seven points.
But having your first tough race at the age of 78 isn't exactly great for sharpening one's political skills.
Here are how Roberts's elections compare to his fellow senators:
Philip Bump contributed to this post.
Aaron Blake covers national politics and writes regularly for The Fix.

Am I safe is the wrong Ebola question to ask“Am I safe?” is the wrong Ebola question to ask
Written by
Gregg Gonsalves Co-director, Yale Global Health Justice Partnership
October 3, 2014
We could have stopped it.(Reuters/Luc Gnago)
SHARE
Gregg Gonsalves Co-director, Yale Global Health Justice Partnership
Obsession
Ebola
October 3, 2014
As of Oct. 1, there have been 3,330 deaths from Ebola in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, according to the World Health Organization (WHO). The WHO has also warned of 20,000 more cases in these three countries by November and, in the worst-case scenario, 1.4 million cases in the new year. Doctors Without Borders’ head Joanne Lui warns that the promised money, beds and equipment have yet to arrive and are simply trickling into these places.
This week, Ebola arrived on US shores as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announced that Thomas Eric Duncan, a middle-aged man from Monrovia recently working as a driver in the Liberian capital, had fallen ill with the disease in Dallas. The first response of many I know has been, as exhibited on my Facebook wall and in emails and text messages:
Am I safe?
I’m no expert on Ebola but have worked in global health for a long time. I don’t blame my friends or family for asking me. Nor do I blame them for the obvious question.
And yet, therein lies the problem.
This year, it’s Ebola. A few years ago it was extensively drug resistant tuberculosis or XDR-TB. For those that can remember the early 1980s, then it was HIV. Exotic infections for Americans, often from far away places, often Africa, strike fear into their hearts, but only once the pathogens have cleared customs. The death toll on the other side of oceans has little meaning for us.
We need to remember that all these epidemics didn’t need to happen. Early action could have prevented their spread, investing in health systems could have stymied their emergence in the first place. We like to call them diseases of the poor, but this is a strange construction.
Poverty doesn’t cause Ebola, XDR-TB or HIV/AIDS. These are diseases visited on the poor, biblical plagues inflicted upon them. In the Old Testament of course, it was the powerful that felt God’s wrath, the Pharoah’s people who watched their loved ones die. In the great book of the modern world, it’s the powerless that perish at the hands of men.
The Americans, the Canadians, the Europeans, the Australians, the Japanese all largely ignored what we now call global health before the advent of the AIDS epidemic. In fact, the so-called developed world waited 20 years to do anything about that scourge, even after millions and millions of deaths. Now of course there are billions of dollars sloshing around for global health, but there simply isn’t enough to go around.
Foreign aid for global health, for all the good it has done—and it’s made a significant, though probably temporary dent in the AIDS epidemic, for instance—usually comes along with caveats and riders that end up making things worse. A case in point: the US is the largest donor for HIV/AIDS globally, but Democrats and Republican administrations have relentlessly tried to cripple generic production of AIDS drugs through trade agreements, intensive lobbying or outright threats directed at countries that have tried to do the right thing.
Even as Indian prime minister Narendra Modi was at the White House this week, in a visit more pomp than circumstance, getting some movement on trade was a priority for the US and a new working group on trade and intellectual property was established. Reigning in the Indian generic industry will likely be part of our country’s goals in this new collaboration: what we give with one hand, we take away with the other.
The theologian Reinhold Niebuhr once remarked that that “philanthropy combines genuine pity with the display of power and that the latter element explains why the powerful are more inclined to be generous than to grant social justice.” The generosity of rich countries over the past 15 years on HIV/AIDS, their re-discovery of the health of poorer nations, the current response to Ebola, have much to do with pity, charity, and perhaps fear that new infections may come knocking at home one day.
Some epidemics are unavoidable, but many are a result of crumbling health systems, economic inequality, local kleptocracies and global power dynamics, which perpetuate an ongoing cycle of fresh outbreaks, of new and old diseases. Until we address the issues of social injustice, we’ll not be doing enough to make a real difference over the long term. We’ll treat the symptoms, but not the cause of what ails people.
This isn’t simply to put the fate of poorer nations in the hands of the richer ones. These countries have leaders who make bad choices too, but as Cambridge economist Ha-Joon Chang has described in detail, political leaders in the global North in the modern era of free trade and globalization have pressed for policies that most of them didn’t utilize in their own economic and social ascent.
World Bank president Jim Yong Kim and longtime colleague Paul Farmer have been tasked to help coordinate the response to Ebola in West Africa. They both know that people are dying for growth; they’ve both written on the effects of globalization and free-market fundamentalism on people’s health, on what Farmer calls pathologies of power.  It wouldn’t be a surprise for them to say that there is a political economy of Ebola and other diseases, which generates these epidemics.
The  cure for Ebola then isn’t ZMAPP , the investigational new drug that people were clamoring for only a few weeks ago. The cure is political and depends on economic and social justice for the people of Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone—for the global South as a whole. But no one is clamoring for that.
I admire my friends and colleagues  working on the ground in Liberia  and elsewhere tending to the sick, setting up hospitals, trying to get the epidemic under control. But watch what happens in six months, in a year. Ebola will recede from the headlines, just as XDR-TB, just as HIV did before it.
We really never learn. As long as we’re spared, as long as we escape the flood, we’re inclined to go back to the way things were. We see the rainbow and think the storm is over.
Am I safe? We really never have been.
If we’re not inclined to value the suffering of our global neighbors in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, perhaps we should reconsider our shortsightedness. We share this ever-shrinking world together. We can finally address the social and economic inequalities that drive sickness and death or we can marvel in our good fortune, our luck.
As horrific as the current Ebola outbreak is, it can get a whole lot worse.
As the old African-American spiritual says: God gave Noah the rainbow sign; no more water, fire the next time.
Follow Gregg on Twitter @ GreggGonsalves .We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com .
Share this:

Gold drops close to erasing this years gains on rising ratesGold drops close to erasing this year’s gains on rising rates
PTI
Tweet
London, Oct 3:  
Gold today declined, with the metal almost erasing this year’s gains as the outlook for higher US interest rates amid an improving economy curbs demand for the metal.
Gold declined 0.5 per cent to US $ 1,208.66 an ounce.
Silver also eased by 0.5 per cent to US $ 17.02 an ounce.
Gold fell 0.8 per cent this week, cutting its 2014 increase to 0.6 per cent.
Improving US data has added to speculation that the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates next year.
An accelerating US economy means investors are shunning the metal even after the US expanded sanctions against Russia and stepped up its campaign against Islamic State.
Rising interest rates reduce gold’s allure because the metal generally only offers investors returns through price gains, while a stronger dollar typically cuts demand for a store of value.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Despite Modi wave  consumer indicator falls in Sept: SurveyDespite ‘Modi wave’, consumer indicator falls in Sept: Survey
Navadha Pandey
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 3:  
Despite the general mood of Modi optimism, consumer sentiment in India eased only slightly in September as confidence in business outlook weakened and consumers revised down their outlook for the job market, a new survey has found.
The MNI India Consumer Indicator fell to 124.1 in September from 125.2 in August. In spite of this fall, the sentiment has improved 2.3 per cent since the start of the year and is marginally more than the series’ average of 123.8.
Overall household finances have been generally weak despite consumers being slightly more optimistic about their household finances, likely the result of Diwali bonuses, the survey said.
The Employment Outlook Indicator fell to new series low in September, adding a cautionary note in the job market to the general mood of Modi optimism.
For longer term business conditions, expectations fell to the lowest since October 2013.
Consumers were optimistic about purchasing a car, mostly due to lower gas price expectations while demand for large household items was likely boosted by tax breaks included in the Budget as well as the upcoming festival season, it said.
“While consumer sentiment is up over the past year, it’s failed to receive the large Modi boost that companies in our business survey have exhibited. Respondents have yet to feel much tangible benefit and the continued deterioration in their employment outlook cautions about being too optimistic,” Chief Economist of MNI Indicators Philip Uglow said.
MNI Indicators is part of MNI, a leading provider of news and intelligence and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Deutsche Börse AG.
Data for MNI India Consumer Sentiment Survey is collected via telephone interviews for which at least 1,000 interviews were conducted each month across the country.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Europes bourses gain as US data loomDollar and stocks jump after US jobs data
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f4055378-4aaa-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BlackBerry Passport review + video: Packed with innovation andpowerThe BlackBerry Passport is meant for high-end power users
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: October 3, 2014 4:02 pm | Updated: October 4, 2014 9:53 am
Very gutsy, BlackBerry, very gutsy indeed. Just when the world thought the company from Waterloo had no chance of reviving its handset business, BlackBerry has come up with the Passport. And it is a huge gamble, given that this phone has a very unique form factor and is not meant to sell in volumes. However, BlackBerry is convinced that this phone will help it retain its core clientele and maybe even win some new fans. I am tempted to agree.
Quick Tech Specs: 4.5-inch IPS display (1440 x 1440 pixels, 453 ppi) | 2.26 GHz Krait 400 quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor | 3GB RAM | 32 GB storage + microSD slot up to 128 GB | 13MP rear camera, 2MP front camera, 1080p Full HD video | 3G, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0 | 3450mAh battery | BlackBerry OS 10.3
Price: Rs 49,990
It is exactly the size of a passport. My passport on top of the BlackBerry passport (Source: Nandagopal Rajan)
Design: I actually saw a couple of reports calling this a square phone, which it is not. In fact, it is the same size as any passport. It has a square display and a three-row keypad below it, which means it cannot be square. It is a large phone. So much so that the phone that comes closest to this size is the LG Optimus Vu. But despite being large the phone fits into your pocket, and that seems to have been a conscious design decision. You can easily grip the phone in one hand, but this is not made for single-handed operation. After all, there is no rulebook that says a phone must. Anyway, BlackBerry is on a rule-breaking spree here.
Just below the display is the large keypad that lets you type better than on any keypad seen in a phone before, older BlackBerry’s included. But then there are no physical number keys and you have to use the touch screen to make a call. There is a reinforced stainless steel frame that at the core of this phone, giving it a very solid feel. You don’t have to worry if this phone will bend, though you will have to take good care of the extra-large screen. The design is minimalist and there is just the power button on top and the volume keys on the right flanking the voice assist key. The nano-SIM and SD card go behind the flap, but the battery is not removable.
Display: Yes, this is a very different display size. But that means you will never have to flip the orientation of the phone to do anything. It gives more than 60 characters in a line and Excel continued…

http://usat.ly/1nTdGMxFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
JP Morgan reveals data breach affected 76 million households
The cyberattack on JPMorgan Chase & Co., first announced in July, compromised information from 76 million households and 7 million small businesses, the company revealed in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission Thursday.
Post to Facebook
JP Morgan reveals data breach affected 76 million households The cyberattack on JPMorgan Chase & Co., first announced in July, compromised information from 76 million households and 7 million small businesses, the company revealed in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission Thursday. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1x3whWb
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
25
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
JP Morgan reveals data breach affected 76 million households
Elizabeth Weise , USATODAY 11:19 a.m. EDT October 3, 2014
JPMorgan Chase & Co was the target of a sophisticated cyberattack, the bank acknowledged on Aug. 28.
(Photo: John Moore, Getty Images)
5209 CONNECT 865 TWEET 400 LINKEDIN 25 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — The cyberattack on JPMorgan Chase & Co., first announced in July, compromised information from 76 million households and 7 million small businesses, the company revealed Thursday in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Contact information, including name, address, phone number and e-mail address, as well as internal JPMorgan Chase information about the users, was compromised, the filing said. However the bank said no customer money appears to have been stolen.
JPMorgan said "there is no evidence that account information for such affected customers — account numbers, passwords, user IDs, dates of birth or Social Security numbers — was compromised during this attack."
The attack is one of the largest corporate breaches thus far reported.
More chillingly, a report Thursday in The New York Times said that the hackers were able to gain "the highest level of administrative privilege" on more than 90 of the bank's servers, according to people the newspaper spoke with who were familiar with the forensic investigation of the breach.
That means they "had root" on the servers of one of the largest banks in the world — they "could transfer funds, disclose information, close accounts, and basically do whatever they want to the data," said Jeff Williams, chief technology officer with Contrast Security in Palo Alto, Calif.
In its SEC filing, JPMorgan said as of Oct. 2 it had not "seen any unusual customer fraud related to this incident."
"This is a truly remarkable attack, but not just in its scope — hackers successfully penetrated one of the most secure organizations on this planet and they stole absolutely nothing of value — no money, no Social Security numbers, no passwords," said John Gunn, with Vasco Data Security International in Chicago.
"Persistence like that, with no stolen money, is due to a future planned operation — or that the objective was to identify data that was material in some other aspect," said J.J. Thompson of Rook Security in Indianapolis.
"This could be to track down a person of interest by observing financial transaction locations, to plans future large scale disruption when they know their competitor plans to wire funds to close a deal, or any other odd scenario you could see on (the TV show) 'Blacklist,'" he said.
JPM shares were down 0.89% in after-hours trading.
FBI investigates JPMorgan hack attack
Whether there really was an attack or not, consumers should beware of "piggyback attacks" in which criminals launch social engineering attacks making use of customer anxiety after reports of a big-name breach.
"The usual advice applies: If you get an e-mail or a call from a JP Morgan rep, feel free to thank them for contacting you and hang up. Customers should always initiate that contact by looking at their credit card or statement for the contact number; you simply can't trust that an incoming call or e-mail is legitimate and not a phishing attempt," said Tod Beardsley, engineering manager with security firm Rapid7.
Hamburglars? Where huge data breaches lead can surprise http://t.co/k0s6IrjJ89 (Photo: U.S. Attorney's Office) pic.twitter.com/cZBO4F22vJ
5209 CONNECT 865 TWEET 400 LINKEDIN 25 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1x3whWb
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Daimler  Nissan to cooperate on transporter vansThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

DA case: Jayalalithaa spent Rs 3 crore on foster son s wedding  says court32
0
Bangalore: Holding that it was AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa who had paid for the arrangements for the lavish marriage of her now estranged foster son VN Sudhakaran, the special court in the disproportionate assets case against her pegged the expenses incurred by her at Rs 3 crore.
Sudhakaran's marriage, dubbed as "mother of all weddings" was held in 1995 when Jayalalithaa was the chief minister and had raised a huge controversy, inviting public criticism for ostentation, protests and petitions to court.
"It is established in evidence that huge amount was spent towards the printing of invitation, publication of thanks in the dailies, 'tamboolam' and valuable presents given to the guests, all of which would certainly entail an expense of more than Rs 3 crore even by modest and conservative estimation," Special Judge John Michael D'Cunha said.
Sudhakaran's marriage, dubbed as "mother of all weddings" was held in 1995 when Jayalalithaa was the chief minister.
#j jayalalithaa #disproportionate assets case #vn sudhakaran #vn sudhakarans marriage
"Taking into consideration all the above facts and circumstances, a sum of Rs 3 crore is taken as the expenses incurred by A-1 (Jayalalithaa) towards arrangement for the marriage of A-3 (Sudhakaran)," he said rejecting their contention that the expenses were met by the bride's family.
The judge noted that oral and documentary evidence produced by the accused in support of their defence is "replete with the inconsistencies and irreconcilable contradictions".
The evidence indicates that the arrangements were sponsored by Jayalalithaa and at her instance all the arrangements were made and even the payment was made by her, he said.
The prosecution had come up with the case that over Rs 6 crore was spent for the marriage.
The judge also said that witnesses have clearly stated that VIPs were invited and had attended the marriage and accommodation was arranged for them in hotels, the payment of which was made by Jayalalithaa.
"All these circumstances falsify the contention of the accused that the marriage expenses were met by the family of the bride," he said.
The prosecution had come up with the case that a sum of Rs 6,45,04,222 was spent for the marriage, out of which, Rs 5,21,23,532 were spent for putting up pandals.
Though the said amount looks exorbitant, but having regard to the accommodation provided to more than 40,000 to 50,000 people at two places and special arrangements made for the stage and decoration, the said amount does not appear to be unreasonable, the judge said.
The judge said it has come in evidence that a number of cooks were employed and were paid wages, elaborate sitting arrangements were made at the venue, posh accommodation was arranged for the VIPs, elephants were procured from Kerala, crackers were burst and the entire venue was illuminated with lights, which would certainly entail huge expenses.
"Therefore, taking into consideration all the above facts and circumstances, a sum of Rs 3 crore is taken as the expenses incurred by A-1 towards the arrangement for the marriage of A-3," the judge said.
1

RSS chief Bhagwat s speech covered just like a news event: Doordarshan16
0
New Delhi: Amidst a controversy over the national broadcaster telecasting live a speech of Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh chief Mohan Bhagwat, Doordarshan on Friday said it was covered like any other news event and no special arrangements had been made.
"It was just like a news event to us. So we covered it," Doordarshan's DG (News) Archana Datta said, after the DD's hour-long live telecast of an RSS function for the first time came under attack from Congress and the Left which accused the government of misusing the state broadcaster.
She said that there was "no special arrangement" that had been made for the event and one of the several Digital Satellite News gathering vans (DSNG) that the broadcaster has in Maharashtra for coverage of the state elections was used for the event.
Congress, CPI, CPM hit out at Doordarshan for telecasting live a speech of Mohan Bhagwat.
#rss #doordarshan #mohan bhagwat #mohan bhaggwat speech
"We have several DSNG vans in Maharashtra and one such van was used for Nagpur," Datta said.
The BJP has defended the telecast with party leader Shaina NC saying that the RSS is only a nationalist organisation which believes in 'India first' and the country above the interest of any individual.
"I am glad that this speech has been highlighted and people realise that if there is one cadre in the country today that has genuinely contributed to patriotism and nation- building, it is the RSS," she said.
Congress spokesman Sandeep Dikshit termed the hour-long telecast as a "dangerous tradition", saying RSS is a controversial religious and political organisation.
Condemning the live broadcast, CPI(M) said, "The RSS uses the occasion to propagate its Hindutva ideology. The national public broadcaster has no business to telecast live the speech of the chief of an organisation like the RSS."
The CPI also condemned the live telecast.
5

ONGC must clear few issues before stake saleHi Guest
ONGC must clear few issues before stake sale
The government might have approved divesting five per cent of its 68.9 per cent stake in ONGC, but key concerns impacting the valuation of the country's biggest petroleum explorer remain. Among the major issues that are yet to be resolved are a lack of clarity on the overhaul of the subsidy-sharing mechanism by upstream companies, declining output from ageing and maturing fields, which have taken a toll on the overall output and uncertainty over new gas pricing guidelines.   The ...

Bang Bang!  outruns  Haider  at box officeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

http://usat.ly/1x5XAz1Q and A: Avoid this money-stealing virus
Kim Komando answers questions on consumer technology.
Post to Facebook
Q and A: Avoid this money-stealing virus Kim Komando answers questions on consumer technology. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1x5XAz1
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Q and A: Avoid this money-stealing virus
Kim Komando, Special for USA TODAY 7 a.m. EDT October 3, 2014
Keep your security software up to date.
(Photo: BrianAJackson Getty Images/iStockphoto)
72 CONNECT 131 TWEET 19 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Q. I was listening to your national radio show and did I hear you correctly? Is it really true that there's a virus that can steal money in bank accounts right from your computer?
A. Unfortunately, yes. It's called Zeus and it can steal your bank account numbers and passwords and send these credentials directly to hackers so they can drain your account. So far, Zeus has stolen more than $100 million! That's why you want up-to-date security software to keep it off your system. To be on the safe side, take a moment and make sure Zeus isn't already installed.
• Quickly fix a Facebook annoyance
Q. My Facebook News Feed is filled with ads and posts I don't care about. Is there an easy way to clean it up?
A. If you look in the upper-right corner of any post on Facebook, you'll see a downward arrow. Click it and you can hide that one post, hide all the posts from that source or unfollow the "friend" who posted it. If it's an ad, you'll have the option to adjust your preferences to see topics that might actually interest you – you can't actually get rid of ads. That's a quick way to start cleaning up your News Feed.
• Working from home
Q. I'd love to find a job that lets me work from home. Do those actually exist or are they just scams?
A. While there are a lot of scams out there, work-at-home online jobs really do exist. If you have an eye for detail and a decent Internet connection, for example, you could do search engine evaluations for a company like Leapforce . You'd just be visiting websites and testing how well their search functions work. It isn't that tough, and you can usually make $10 to $14 an hour at it. If you'd rather look into doing at-home writing, graphic design, customer service or transcriptions, click here for more details .
• Spot a sweetheart scam
Q. My friend is crazy about this guy she met online, but I'm worried because she's started sending him money. Am I overreacting? If not, what can I do?
A. It sounds like your friend is caught in a sweetheart scam. This "guy" is probably scamming a bunch of other online daters out of their money as well. A quick way to tell is to run his profile picture through a reverse image search. Go to google.com/images and in the search bar click the camera icon. Upload the profile image and you can see where else it's used online. I'm betting it will show up on a stock photo site.
• Going too far with privacy?
Q. I really want to protect my privacy, but I want tougher ways. I don't want anyone tracking my calls, email, purchases and pictures while I am out. Any ideas?
A. Picking up a pre-paid burner phone you can use for a little while and then throw away – well, hopefully recycle – isn't unreasonable. Ditching your computer in favor of an electronic typewriter is probably a little extreme. If you're considering transferring your entire life savings to bitcoin virtual currency or buying clothing to protect yourself against drone spying, though, it's time for some serious thinking about your life.
On the Kim Komando Show, the nation's largest weekend radio talk show, Kim takes calls and dispenses advice on today's digital lifestyle, from smartphones and tablets to online privacy and data hacks. For her daily tips, newsletters and more, visit www.komando.com . E-mail her at techcomments@usatoday.com .
72 CONNECT 131 TWEET 19 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1x5XAz1

READ IN: Return of Josiah Bartlett EditionDo you Read In? Sign up today and get all the political news you need, from the Beltway and beyond, in your inbox every day at 8 a.m.!
A1: The stories you need to read before your first conference call.
-- Public health officials said Thursday the Liberian man diagnosed with Ebola in Dallas may have had contact with as many as 100 people, and four of those people have been ordered to stay home to help prevent the spread of the disease. Only the infected man, Thomas Eric Duncan, has shown symptoms. ( Washington Post )
-- Two weeks after President Obama promised to fight the spread of Ebola in West Africa, beds meant for the first U.S.-built treatment center remain in a hanger at Liberia's international airport, and military planners say it will be another 10 days before the first treatment center is open. Construction has been delayed by shoddy equipment available on the ground, and an international airport that's too decrepit to accept a flood of C-17 cargo planes. ( New York Times ) A freelance cameraman hired Tuesday in Liberia by NBC News will be transported to the U.S. for treatment after coming down with Ebola. The man, Ashoka Mukpo, is the fourth American to contract the disease in Liberia. ( Washington Post )
-- The number of pro-democracy demonstrators on Hong Kong streets plummeted substantially on Friday as a rainstorm swept over the city. Hong Kong's chief executive, Leung Chun-ying, said in a late-night press conference on Thursday he would be willing to sit down and talk to protestors, though he will not resign his position. Scuffles broke out among protestors debating whether and how to escalate the conflict. ( Washington Post )
-- President Obama personally suggested to White House chief of staff Denis McDonough that the Secret Service name retired special agent Joseph Clancy, who headed Obama's personal protective detail for two years, to lead the embattled agency after deciding director Julia Pierson had to go. McDonough told DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson, who called Clancy in Philadelphia, where he runs security for Comcast. Clancy will be on the job early next week, until a full-time replacement is named. ( Washington Post )
-- Turkey's parliament on Thursday gave its government power to launch military incursions into Syria and Iraq to fight Islamic State militants. The parliament will also allow foreign forces, including Iraqi Kurdish fighters, to use Turkish territory for operations against the militants. Retired Marine Gen. John Allen, coordinating coalition efforts against Islamic State, will meet with Turkish officials in the next week. Coalition aircraft on Thursday hit targets around Baghdad, Mosul, Fallujah, Ramadi and Sinjar. A Marine ejected from a plane and was presumed lost at sea on Wednesday, the first U.S. fatality of the new campaign. ( Associated Press )
-- Economists believe employers added 215,000 jobs last month, approximately the average monthly gain this year. The unemployment rate is expected to remain steady at 6.1 percent. ( Associated Press ) BLS announces the monthly jobs numbers at 8:30 a.m.
-- Front Pages: WaPo leads with unrest in Hong Kong, where protestors don't agree with each other. Dallas Morning News , six-column banner: "Ebola patient's contacts sought." NYT and USA Today front reports of a massive hack attack on JPMorgan Chase, which may impact 83 million business and household accounts. LA Times 3-column center: "Airstrikes mean profits to military stockholders." Lockheed Martin stock is up 7.5 percent since Aug. 1. WSJ leads with Warren Buffett's new foray into car sales.
National Roundup: What's happening outside the Beltway.
-- Texas: A federal appeals court ruled late Thursday that Texas may begin to enforce tough new restrictions that will force all but seven abortion-providing clinics to close. The panel of 5th Circuit judges stayed a district court's ruling against the law, first passed in 2013, while it continues to consider some aspects of it. ( Associated Press ) This was the law Wendy Davis filibustered last year.
-- Virginia: Gov. Terry McAuliffe's chief of staff left a voice mail message for then-Sen. Phil Puckett in June, suggesting Puckett's daughter might get a top state job if he stayed in office to back McAuliffe's push to expand Medicaid. Puckett eventually quit the legislature, throwing control of the Senate to Republicans and ending the Medicaid expansion debate. A McAuliffe spokesman said the chief of staff, Paul Reagan, acted on his own, though McAuliffe and Sen. Mark Warner (D) both tried to persuade Puckett to stay in office. ( Washington Post )
-- Michigan: Gov. Rick Snyder (R) leads former Rep. Mark Schauer (D) 45 percent to 39 percent in a new EPIC-MRA poll, a little more than a month after the firm put Schauer ahead by 2 points. Snyder's ads are making a big difference in the race, pollster Bernie Porn said. And Schauer is only taking 75 percent of Democrats, though he leads by 10 points among self-identified moderates. ( Detroit Free Press )
-- Arkansas: The state Supreme Court heard arguments Thursday over whether a new voter identification lawsuit is constitutional, about two weeks before early voting begins. This year would be the first time the new law is implemented; Arkansas is among 8 states with strict voter ID laws. A Pulaski County judge ruled it unconstitutional in May, though he put a stay on his own ruling. ( Arkansas Democrat-Gazette )
-- Georgia: Former Sen. Sam Nunn (D) says his daughter Michelle would feel no obligation to support Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid because Reid asked her not to run for the open Senate seat. "They said they had their eye on another candidate," the elder Nunn told Jim Galloway -- presumably Rep. John Barrow (D). Sam Nunn also slammed an ad being run by businessman David Perdue (R) accusing Michelle Nunn's philanthropy of funneling money to terrorists. ( Atlanta Journal-Constitution )
-- New Jersey: Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno (R) broke her wrist and elbow and spent the night in the hospital after a bicycle accident near her home in Monmouth Beach. Guadagno is acting as governor while Gov. Chris Christie (R) stumps for the Republican gubernatorial nominee in Arizona. ( Newark Star-Ledger ) Feel better, Lt. Gov. Guadagno. And do yourself a favor, enter a room dramatically today, like President Bartlett in the first episode of West Wing.
DC Digest: What's on tap today in DC.
-- President Obama heads to Princeton, Ind., this afternoon to tour Millennium Steel Service to talk manufacturing. He heads back to D.C. this evening.
-- Vice President Biden speaks at an Urban Alliance event at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce this morning before heading to Joplin, Mo., with Education Secretary Arne Duncan. This afternoon, Biden speaks at the Joplin High School and Franklin Technology Center ribbon cutting. He heads home to Wilmington this evening.
-- First Lady Michelle Obama hits the campaign trail today for Massachusetts Attorney General Martha Coakley (D) and Rep. Mike Michaud (D-Maine), two Democrats running for governor this year. Obama stops at the Strand Theater in Boston with Coakley, and at the University of Maine in Orono with Michaud. ( Associated Press )
-- D.C.'s Historic Preservation Review Board has turned down a proposal to expand the Carnegie Library at Mount Vernon Square by more than 60,000 square feet to house the Spy Museum, a cafe, visitor center and gift shop. The D.C. Preservation League opposed the expansion, about three-quarters of which would have been underground. ( Washington Post )
TV Time Out: Our exclusive look at who's advertising, and where.
-- Hawaii: Are Democrats worried they could lose to former Rep. Charles Djou (R) again? Vote Vets Action Fund will kick off $89,000 in Honolulu broadcast advertising on behalf of state Rep. Mark Takai (D) in the 1st district. The week-long buy starts next Tuesday.
-- New York: The American Action Network is going hard after Rep. Tim Bishop (D) on Long Island. The group reported spending about $940,000 on television and digital ads, according to new FEC reports. ( FEC )
-- League of Conservation Voters: Environmentalists are all about getting outdoors, breathing in the fresh air and ... canvassing, apparently. LCV reported spending $583,000 on a canvassing company on behalf of Sen. Kay Hagan (D-N.C.), and $514,000 for Sen. Mark Udall (D-Colo.). ( FEC , FEC )
The Buried Lede: The nuggets that deserve the spotlight.
-- The Obama administration will offer $9 million for legal representation for 2,600 unaccompanied minors who have been apprehended by Border Patrol agents, through the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops and the U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants. That amounts to about $3,460 per child. California Gov. Jerry Brown (D) signed legislation earlier this week providing $3 million to nonprofits giving legal aid to minors, and San Francisco will provide another $2.1 million. ( Washington Post )
B1: Business, politics and the business of politics
-- As the Federal Reserve curbs its stimulus efforts, the European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan are boosting theirs. The head of the ECB said it would begin a new round of bond buying this month, and Japan's bank has worked to reduce the value of the Yen to bolster its export market. The value of the euro has sunk from $1.39 in April to $1.26 at the end of September. ( New York Times )
-- Outgoing Oracle CEO Larry Ellison is hosting a fundraiser for the NRSC next weekend at his home in Woodside, Calif., featuring Sens. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) and John Thune (R-S.D.) and Rep. Steve Daines (R-Mont.). Ellison has given to both parties in the past, but he gave $3 million to a pro-Mitt Romney super PAC in 2012. ( BuzzFeed )
C1: The long reads you'll need to check out before tonight's cocktail party.
-- Former Defense Secretary Leon Panetta excerpts his new book, "Worthy Fights," in next week's issue of Time: "Privately [in the fall of 2011, as U.S. forces prepared to pull out of Iraq], the various leadership factions in Iraq all confided that they wanted some U.S. forces to remain as a bulwark against sectarian violence. But none was willing to take that position publicly, and Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki concluded that any Status of Forces Agreement, which would give legal protection to those forces, would have to be submitted to the Iraqi parliament for approval. That made reaching agreement very difficult given the internal politics of Iraq, but representatives of the Defense and State departments, with scrutiny from the White House, tried to reach a deal."
-- "To my frustration, the White House coordinated the negotiations but never really led them. Officials there seemed content to endorse an agreement if State and Defense could reach one, but without the President’s active advocacy, al-Maliki was allowed to slip away. The deal never materialized. To this day, I believe that a small U.S. troop presence in Iraq could have effectively advised the Iraqi military on how to deal with al-Qaeda’s resurgence and the sectarian violence that has engulfed the country." ( Time Magazine )
C4: The comics page, fun things to read when you're bored at work
-- Is Mitt Romney leaving the Republican Party?!? Well, not quite: Romney signed a misprinted voter registration form while applying for a Utah driver's license in August that listed him as an unaffiliated voter. Romney apparently thought he was signing a change-of-address form, rather than a voter registration form. Romney s in the process of re-registering as a Republican. ( Salt Lake Tribune )
Attn Matt Drudge: Things conservatives will get outraged by today.
-- The IRS intentionally withheld or failed to find requested information in hundreds of Freedom of Information Act cases, the Treasury Department's Inspector General found. The backlog of FOIA requests grew 84 percent during Fiscal Year 2013, and it's grown another 16 percent this fiscal year. The IRS concealed information that should have been released in 336 cases, the IG's report found. ( Washington Examiner )
Attn HuffPo: What outrages liberals today
-- The ACLU has filed suit over an Alabama law that would allow the state to appoint a lawyer for a fetus if a minor tries to obtain an abortion without parental consent. That lawyer would be able to call witnesses to testify about the teenager's character. The ACLU says that puts an unfair burden on teenagers, especially those who may have been abused by a parent or foster parent. ( ThinkProgress )
Reid Wilson covers state politics and policy for the Washington Post's GovBeat blog. He's a former editor in chief of The Hotline, the premier tip sheet on campaigns and elections, and he's a complete political junkie.

UP govt to give Rs 30L to Asian Games gold medal winners fromThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Smaller stocks reap big gains; outshine blue-chipsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Enjoy dussera and enjoy durga puja ......bye god bless my followersCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Stockflash !! u are a platinum member. younger boarders would like to ...Platinum Member
23 Followers
I  THINK when markets open on tuesday,it will slip initially but any good news may take it up on closing.chances are it will be choppy n drag it down.no positive news at the moment.syria n iraq are two dragging factors.
7.37 PM Oct 3rd

This partnership is not with fcel its with flfl inhouse brands and fut...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Jai babe ri pink bhaiCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Chilli prices to rule at Rs.75-80 a kg during Feb-MayChilli prices to rule at Rs.75-80 a kg during Feb-May
PTI
Tweet
Coimbatore, Oct 3:  
As the prices of red chillies are expected to rule between Rs.75 to Rs.80 a kg in February-May 2015, farmers have been recommended to take up their sowing decisions accordingly.
In order to help farmers, Agro Marketing Intelligence and Business Promotion Centre in Tamil Nadu Agricultural University analysed the red chilli prices that prevailed in Virudhunagar Regulated market for the last 18 years, which revealed that prices would be around Rs.7,500 to Rs.8,000 per quintal during harvest.
Currently, the samba chilli is trading around Rs 6,500 to Rs. 8,000 per quintal in Virudhunagar market in Tamil Nadu and farmers are eager to know the price that will prevail during the harvest period (Feb-May, 2015).
Crop status in all the major producing States especially Andhra Pradesh, amount of carry forward stock, domestic and export demand decided the price of chillies in India.
Tamil Nadu produced 24,640 tonnes of chillies from 56,442 hectares during 201-12, the analysis said.
Ruling varieties of chillies in Tamil Nadu are Ramanathapuram (mundu), Virudhunagar (samba), Thoothukudi (mundu), Sivagangai (samba) and Tirunelveli (samba, mundu) and sown between the middle of October and end November, while chilli arrivals at the market all over India from November to May, generally, the analysis said.
Chillies produced in Tamil Nadu will hit markets in Virudhunagar, Kovilpatti, Sathur, Sankarankoil, Rajapalayam, Kamuthi and Mudhukulathur markets from Feb-May.
India is the largest producer, consumer and exporter of spices globally and this wonder spice is cultivated in 7.93 lakh hectares with an annual production of 13 lakh tonnes.
India leads global production with 36 per cent, with Andhra Pradesh topping the list in dry chilly production followed by Karnataka, Orissa, Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu, it said.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Bizarre Trial Accuses Government Of Illegally Bailing Out AIGBizarre Trial Accuses Government Of Illegally Bailing Out AIG
Posted:
Updated:
09/29/2014  2:59 pm EDT
Maurice 'Hank' Greenberg, former chairman and chief executive officer of American International Group Inc.,  in 2011.  Photographer: Scott Eells/Bloomberg via Getty Images  | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
A bizarre reminder of some of the most terrifying moments in U.S. financial history just kicked off in Washington: Former AIG CEO Hank Greenberg's hubris-filled case against the government went to trial on Monday. Greenberg claims that the 2008 bailout AIG received from the government was illegal, and he's demanding $25 billion in damages.
Greenberg’s case is a combination of compelling, maddening, and fascinating. He claims that the government wasn’t authorized to bail out AIG, that AIG's management wasn't authorized to accept the money, and that the firm was coerced by the government to take it. (Greenberg wasn't a part of the bank's management at the time. He resigned in 2005 in the midst of an accounting scandal, but remained a large shareholder.) He's also arguing that the specific terms of the bailout -- an $85 billion loan that came with an initial 14 percent interest rate and a 79.9 percent stake in the company -- were illegal as well.
The lawsuit cuts to the question of how the government should have bailed out failing firms during the financial crisis. Greenberg raises the question many of us are still wrestling with today: Did the bailed out banks get off too easy?
First, a reminder of just how bad things were for AIG back in September 2008: The global insurance giant was close to collapse. The culprits were credit default swaps, a way to insure bonds, that it had sold to investors and traders. But the bonds AIG had insured began to default, or come very close to default, and AIG had to pay. It couldn’t. AIG had strayed from its traditional business of insuring physical things to insuring financial instruments, and it had completely misjudged the risks of those financial instruments. An insurance company had become a speculator, and it was paying the price.
An AIG bankruptcy would have been catastrophic for the financial system, possibly taking down many companies with it.
The underlying behavior of AIG and the banks that would be bailed out was very similar: Traditional businesses were shunted aside for dealing in new, complex financial instruments, and pretty much everyone vastly underestimated how risky those shiny new things were. Greenberg is asking why AIG was bailed out on harsher terms than other banks, when everyone got into trouble in essentially the same way. The banks should have been forced, he implies, to accept a high-interest loan and give the government the lion’s share of their stock. Instead, the banks largely escaped that fate, and sold preferred shares to the Treasury Department.
Greenberg is also arguing that the government was wrong to pay the full value to AIG's counterparties to exit the derivatives contracts that were sinking the firm. These were companies AIG had insured bonds for. The contracts they had with AIG said they were due to receive a certain amount of money. A lot had changed since those contracts were written -- AIG was failing and financial markets were haywire -- and so, Greenberg says, AIG could have negotiated to pay a smaller amount than was contractually owed.
Should regulators have bargained a bit harder with AIG’s counterparties instead of just paying them 100 cents on the dollar to exit derivatives contracts? It's hard to say no to that: Nobody really bargained with AIG’s counterparties at all.
The maddening parts of the case are almost everything else. If AIG hadn’t received a bailout, shareholders would have been wiped out: AIG’s value to shareholders with a bailout is a number greater than zero; without a bailout, it’s zero. How can a loan to a company constitute an illegal government seizure of equity, when that loan itself is the only thing that allows the company to continue to have any equity value?  As the government argues , “This benefit cannot also be a punishment.” And faced with a failing company unable to obtain a private loan, it’s good public policy for the government to drive a hard bargain -- were he lending the money, Greenberg would certainly do the same.
Perhaps the most fascinating argument Greenberg makes is that the bailout wasn’t just punitive, it was also discriminatory.
There was no way to know what the going rate for a multibillion-dollar bailout of a global financial institution was on Sept. 15, 2008, the day before AIG was bailed out. But by Sept. 17, the government had effectively set the going rate, Greenberg argues.
Then, on October 14, it drastically lowered that rate by bailing out nine banks on different terms. The banks only sold preferred equity with a 5% annual dividend to the government. Those bailouts were done through the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP), which was passed by Congress and gave the Treasury Department wide latitude to spend $700 billion to stabilize financial markets.
These bank bailouts are the factual basis for Greenberg’s lawyers to claim that “many financial institutions who engaged in much riskier and more culpable conduct than AIG received Government assistance without the punitive equity confiscation terms required of AIG." The government, Greenberg’s lawyers say, “acted wrongfully if It discriminated against AIG.”
Greenberg isn't just arguing that AIG should have been offered the same deal as TARP. He's saying that if the banks had been forced to take a tougher bailout, AIG’s bailout would have been legal. Or at least, non-discriminatory: Either AIG’s bailout terms were right and TARP’s were wrong, or AIG’s bailout terms were wrong, and TARP’s were right. This is clearly an awkward argument for the government to engage in.
Regardless of the outcome of this case, the structure of future bailouts has already been set. The Dodd-Frank financial reform legislation altered the Federal Reserve’s emergency lending powers. It prohibits the Fed from bailing out an individual firm, requiring that any extraordinary lending be made available to a broad class of firms. It also sets the rate of any broad-based rescue package at the Fed's discount rate (the rate at which the Fed routinely lends to banks).
Whenever the next bailout comes, legislation has ensured that it won’t be punitive, and it certainly won’t be discriminatory.
More:

New Study Highlights Tech s Real Gender Problemreddit
The Silicon Valley money machine only seems to work for men, a painful new study reveals.
Less than 3 percent of the 6,793 companies that received venture capital from 2011-2013 were headed by a woman, according to a study from Babson College released Tuesday . That means that out of nearly $51 billion in funding that startups received over those two years, a comparatively teeny $1.5 billion went to women-led ventures.
"The findings of this study, demonstrate it is not the women who need fixing; the model for venture capital that has been in place since the 1980s simply does not work for women entrepreneurs," Patricia Greene, one of the authors of the study, wrote in a release accompanying the report.
The picture for women at startups has hardly budged since 1999, the last time Babson's Diana Project studied it. Back then, less than 5 percent of companies that netted venture funding had women on their executive team. This time around, 15 percent of the companies had women on the executive team.
The findings likely serve as cold comfort for those, like Facebook Chief Operating Office Sheryl Sandberg, who are looking to increase gender diversity in the tech industry. While Facebook and Google are both pushing to hire more women, clearly work needs to be done outside of the tech giants.
Female founders’ limited access to venture funding means they’re largely cut off from creating the next tech giant themselves.
A graph from Babson illustrating how little funding female entrepreneurs get.
Women have complained to Wired , Forbes and other outlets about male venture capitalists who try to turn pitches into dates and ask inappropriate questions about whether their business will survive given the founder’s relationship status. But in most cases, the bias is more subtle.
When venture capitalists evaluate businesses, they’re often looking for intangible qualities that signal success. That can put women at a disadvantage. Experts say female entrepreneurs fall victim to “pattern recognition” when seeking funding. In other words, investors are less likely to bet a woman will be the next Mark Zuckerberg because she doesn’t look like Mark Zuckerberg.
Subconsciously, people also are more likely to see potential in those that remind them of themselves. Investors are also more likely to fund businesses they understand intuitively. But just 6 percent of partners at venture capital firms are women, down from 10 percent in 1999, Babson found . As a result, female founders are often pitching to panels of people who don’t look like them and are less likely to see the value in projects marketed toward women, such as an on-demand make-up service.
In addition to putting the female founders themselves at a disadvantage, this dynamic threatens to slow innovation on products that are used mostly by women. As the New York Times “Motherlode” blog argued in March, “if men could breastfeed, surely the breast pump would be as elegant as an iPhone and quiet as a Prius by now.”
The post inspired a hackathon to do just that.
More:

Ebola Outbreak Shows Deadly Costs Of InequalityEbola Outbreak Shows Deadly Costs Of Inequality: World Bank
Reuters
Updated:
10/01/2014  1:59 pm EDT
KENEMA, SIERRA LEONE - AUGUST 24: A group of young volunteers wear special uniforms to put the bodies of people, sterilized after dying due to the Ebola virus, to a car ahead of their burials in Kptema graveyard in Kenema, Sierra Leone on August 24, 2014. People work for 6 dollars per a day in burial and sterilizing works in Kenema where the infection of the virus is mostly seen. (Photo by Mohammed Elshamy/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images) | Anadolu Agency via Getty Images
reddit
WASHINGTON, Oct 1 (Reuters) - Fighting the Ebola epidemic  means confronting the issue of inequality, as people in poor  countries have less access to knowledge and infrastructure for  treating the sick and containing the deadly virus, the head of  the World Bank said.
Three poor countries in West Africa - Guinea, Liberia and  Sierra Leone - have seen their health systems overwhelmed by the  worst outbreak of the disease on record. The epidemic has killed  at least 3,000 people in the region.
"Now, thousands of people in these (three) countries are  dying because, in the lottery of birth, they were born in the  wrong place," World Bank President Jim Yong Kim said in prepared  remarks at Howard University in Washington.
"This ... shows the deadly cost of unequal access to basic  services and the consequences of our failure to fix this  problem."
Kim, the first public health expert to lead the World Bank,  said the development institution was committed to addressing  income inequality as well as the inequality of access to things  like food, clean water and healthcare.
Kim spoke ahead of the IMF-World Bank meetings in Washington  next week, where the bank will focus on its goal of shared  prosperity, or boosting the incomes of the poorest 40 percent of  people in each country.
The World Bank has devoted $400 million to fight the spread  of Ebola and improve health systems in West Africa. It estimated  the outbreak could sap billions of dollars from economies in the  region by the end of next year if it is not contained.
After a slow initial response, foreign governments -  including the United States, Britain, France, China and Cuba -  are also now providing funds, supplies and personnel to the  affected parts of West Africa.
But health experts said the assistance was still  insufficient and not arriving quickly enough to halt the spread  of the deadly hemorrhagic fever.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  estimated last week that, in a worst-case scenario, the number  of infections could reach 1.4 million late January, compared  with about 6,000 today.
Kim said the delays in fighting Ebola echoed past problems  in quickly getting effective treatment for HIV to Africa.
"It has been painful to see us replay old failures from  previous epidemics," Kim said. "Concerned citizens need to  demand immediate deployments of capital and human resources to  the affected countries.
"Otherwise, thousands more will die needless deaths and an  economic catastrophe may take place."     (Reporting by Anna Yukhananov; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
Also on HuffPost:

Fiscal Deficit Target  Challenging  but  Achievable : CitigroupMeasures Undertaken by New Government to Revive Growth: India Inc
New Delhi: Government's fiscal deficit target of Rs 5.31 lakh crore is 'challenging' but 'achievable' thanks to lower crude oil prices and their impact on the subsidy bill, says a Citigroup report.
Fiscal deficit, the gap between government expenditure and revenue, could be contained at budgeted levels with better manoeuvrability on the expenditure front along with the focus on disinvestment, Citigroup said in a research note.
"While slow growth in tax revenues does make the fiscal deficit target challenging this year, we believe that better manoeuvrability on the expenditure front coupled with the government's focus on disinvestments and non-tax revenues (higher dividend pay-outs) could allow government to contain fiscal deficit at budgeted 4.1 per cent levels," it said.
According to official figures, fiscal deficit touched 74.9 per cent of the Budget Estimates for 2014-15 to cross Rs 3.97 lakh crore at the end of August.
At the end of August in 2013-14 fiscal, the deficit was 74.6 per cent of the Budget Estimates (BE).
"While weak tax revenue growth is a concern, lower crude prices and their impact on the subsidy bill may enable the government meet its budgeted fiscal target of Rs 5.31 lakh crore or 4.1 per cent of GDP," the report said.
The report noted that over the medium term, sustained fiscal reforms with respect to fuel subsidy, GST, expenditure commission review would be the key to achieve meaningful fiscal consolidation.
"Fiscal consolidation would not only support sovereign ratings but could also help contain inflationary pressures," the report said.
For entire 2014-15, fiscal deficit for the whole fiscal has been pegged at Rs 5.31 lakh crore or 4.1 per cent of GDP.
The government had put in place a fiscal consolidation roadmap as per which the fiscal deficit has to be brought down to 3 per cent of the GDP by 2016-17.
Story first published on: October 02, 2014 18:27 (IST)

Job Market Shows SIgns of Getting Stronger
IS militants kill 40 jihadists  17 policemen in IraqAt least six members of federal forces were killed in an assault on a major army base in Ramadi. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Ramadi | Posted: October 2, 2014 8:59 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 9:03 pm
The Islamic State group launched attacks on Iraqi bases in two western towns that left at least 17 members of the security forces and 40 jihadists dead, security and medical sources said on Thursday.
Seven policemen and four soldiers were killed when IS fighters attacked the police headquarters in the town of Heet, while at least six members of federal forces were killed in an assault on a major army base in Ramadi.
In Heet, a town on the Euphrates about 150 kilometres (95 miles) west of Baghdad, 25 gunmen attacked the police headquarters shortly after midnight.
“They smashed the gates open with suicide car bombs, the 25 men tried to break into the HQ, sparking heavy clashes,”  police colonel Jabbar al-Nimrawi told AFP.
“The police killed 20 of them and the remaining five withdrew to the electricity building. They are still under siege, they have sniper rifles,” he said.
Nimrawi said the building was now surrounded by police, army, counter-terrorism elite troops and anti-jihadist Sunni tribal forces.
Doctor Nael Ahmed, from Heet hospital, said seven police officers and four soldiers were killed in the attack and the ensuing clashes.
In Ramadi, less than 100 kilometres (60 miles) west of  Baghdad, further down the Euphrates river, a similar suicide unit attacked the 8th Brigade headquarters, just outside the city, on Wednesday.
“They attacked from three directions. They used suicide armoured vehicles to break into the compound, then 13 fighters with suicide vests entered,” said senior army officer Awad al-Dulaimi.
“We killed the last one at 5:00 am (0200 GMT) after fierce exchanges. We also killed seven who had come from another direction,” he said.
A doctor at Ramadi hospital, Ahmed al-Ani, confirmed that he had received the bodies of three members of Iraq’s elite counter-terrorism force, including a colonel, and three soldiers.
Some of the last pockets still under government control in the Sunni province of Anbar are in Heet in Ramadi.

Kerala: Singer Yesudas sparks row by resenting women wearing jeans13
0
Thiruvananthapuram: Sparking a controversy, music legend KJ Yesudas on Thursday resented women wearing jeans, saying this went against Indian culture.
"Women should not cause trouble to others by wearing jeans. What should be covered should be covered," Yesudas said at a function organised by a voluntary organisation in connection with the Gandhi Jayanti celebrations.
The 74-year-old singer said this kind of dress went against Indian culture which valued simplicity and amiability as the greatest qualities of women.
Sparking a controversy, music legend KJ Yesudas on Thursday resented women wearing jeans, saying this went against Indian culture.
#yesudas #mahila congress #indian culture
Taking exception to the singer's comment, Mahila Congress activists took out a protest march in the city.
"This is a totally unacceptable view. This could be seen only as a transgression on the freedom of women," Mahila Congress leader Bindu Krishna said.
"Yesudas is a great singer and all Indians are proud of his contribution to music. It is unfortunate that this sort of an anti-woman comment has come from him," she added.
53

Facebook changes its research rules after controversial mood studyBy Hayley Tsukayama and Brian Fung October 2 Follow @htsuka Follow @b_fung
(Photo by Eric Thayer/Reuters)
Facebook is changing the way it conducts research using its site, following a summer uproar over a mood study that the social network's researchers published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
For the study, researchers altered nearly 700,000 users' News Feeds to show either only happy or sad posts from friends, and found that the tone of friends' posts had a corresponding effect on Facebook users' moods. Once the article was published, many Facebook users complained that the social network had no right to manipulate their feelings -- and certainly not without explicitly informing Facebook users that they were part of a study.
Facebook chief technical officer Mike Schropefer said in a blog post Thursday that the company was caught off guard by reaction to the study. "It is clear now that there are things we should have done differently," he said. "For example, we should have considered other non-experimental ways to do this research. The research would also have benefited from more extensive review by a wider and more senior group of people. Last, in releasing the study, we failed to communicate clearly why and how we did it."
Several academics  have questioned whether the study complied with ethics rules. PNAS took the unusual step to issue a statement saying that while the study did not break any research guidelines, it "may have involved practices that were not fully consistent with the principles of obtaining informed consent and allowing participants to opt out."
Facebook says that while it will continue doing research -- both to test changes on its Web site and for academic purposes -- it will be more thoughtful about it in the future. "We're committed to doing research to make Facebook better, but we want to do it in the most responsible way," Schroepfer said.
It's not clear whether any of the changes to Facebook's internal review process will include provisions to inform users that they're part of a particular study. Facebook did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The guidelines do, however, call for more extensive review in cases where a study touches on sensitive content, such as emotions. Facebook will also expand the number of people who review its research, provide additional training to researchers and create a central site to share all of its published academic research.
Here's a full rundown of the changes, from Schropefer's blog post:
• Guidelines: we’ve given researchers clearer guidelines. If proposed work is focused on studying particular groups or populations (such as people of a certain age) or if it relates to content that may be considered deeply personal (such as emotions) it will go through an enhanced review process before research can begin. The guidelines also require further review if the work involves a collaboration with someone in the academic community.
• Review: we've created a panel including our most senior subject area researchers, along with people from our engineering, research, legal, privacy and policy teams, that will review projects falling within these guidelines. This is in addition to our existing privacy cross-functional review for products and research.
• Training: we’ve incorporated education on our research practices into Facebook's six-week training program, called bootcamp, that new engineers go through, as well as training for others doing research. We'll also include a section on research in the annual privacy and security training that is required of everyone at Facebook.
• Research website: our published academic research is now available at a single location and will be updated regularly.
Update: James Grimmelmann, a University of Maryland law professor who's challenged Facebook's methods, says the modifications don't go far enough.
"This is a positive development on oversight, but Facebook still hasn't given an inch on informed consent," said Grimmelmann. "As long as this panel says OK, Facebook will still feel free to manipulate its users in the name of science. I hope that other companies emulate Facebook's commitment to better training and consistent policies, but there's still a long way to go."
Facebook has said users consent to have their information used when they agree to the company's terms of service.
 
Have more to say about this topic? Join us today for our weekly Friday live chat, Switchback. We'll kick things off at 11 a.m. Eastern time. You can submit your questions now,  right here .
Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post.
Brian Fung covers technology for The Washington Post.

Poll: JetBlue  Alaska Air have most comfortable seats3
“Apparently, even 1 or 2 inches makes all the difference,” said George Hobica, president of fare-comparison site Airfarewatchdog. “JetBlue is famous for giving passengers more legroom than any other domestic airline in all economy class seats, so it's no surprise that consumers recognize them as having the most comfortable seating.”
JetBlue allows 33 inches between seat rows, or what’s called seat pitch. Many airlines have just 31 inches of seat pitch on a typical Boeing 737.
The rest of U.S. carriers garnered single-digit percentages in the poll. They were, in order of highest to lowest, Allegiant, Southwest, AirTran, Delta, United, Spirit, American and US Airways. Results were adjusted for airline size.
An unexpected result, Hobica said, was Spirit Airlines, known for low fares, but many add-on fees and very cramped seats, with just 28 inches of pitch.
Knee-room is important, but not the only factor, he said. Airlines have begun adding “slim-line” seating with less padding, which allows carriers to cram more seats on a plane — and make more money — without dramatically reducing seat pitch. But they are not necessarily as comfortable overall.

Trader indicted on new anti "spoofing" law0
The U.S. government is alleging that Coscia created two computer programs he used to trade in 17 different CME Group markets and three different markets, on the London-based ICE Futures Europe exchange to implement his strategy. These markets include soybean meal, gold, soybean oil, high-grade copper, Euro FX and Pounds FX currency futures.
The government is also alleging that Coscia defrauded participants in the CME Group and ICE Futures Europe markets between August and October 2011.
Federal prosecutors allege that Coscia devised a strategy to create a "false impression regarding the number of contracts available in the market, and to fraudulently induce other market participants to react to the deceptive market information he created," according to the indictment.
They go on to allege that Coscia’s strategy moved the markets in a direction favorable to him, enabling him to purchase contracts at prices lower than, or sell contracts at prices higher than the prices available in the market before he entered and canceled his large-volume orders.  Each of these alleged trades happened in a matter of milliseconds, according to the indictment. Federal prosecutors also say that Coscia pocketed nearly $1.6 million over three months with his scheme.
Each count of commodities fraud carries a maximum sentence of 25 years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Spoofing counts carry a maximum of 10 years in prison and $1 million fine. 
Regulators in the United States and Europe have been eyeing Coscia for a few years.
In 2013, the Commodities Futures Trading Commission fined Coscia $2.8 million for using his high-speed algorithms to buy and sell orders in a matter of milliseconds to create an illusion there was plenty of demand and supply on the market.  At the same time, the United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority, fined Coscia $900,000 for his activities in their markets. 
Coscia’s indictment is small potatoes compared to the frequent fraud that is overlooked by regulators and law enforcement  according to one financial markets watchdog who for years, has been urging the Federal government to pay closer attention to the dangers of high-frequency trading. 
“It seems the faster trading goes, the slower the regulators are at uncovering manipulation,” said Eric Scott Hunsader, founder of Winnetka-based Nanex, a financial data tracking firm. “What Panther (Coscia) did, is common in the markets. And by that, I mean thousands of times every trading day. It seems the regulators are only picking on smaller traders."
Coscia’s indictment is the first time federal prosecutors have pursued charges under the so-called “anti-spoofing” provision that was added to the Commodity Exchange Act by the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.
cshropshire@tribune.com

CSK maul KXIP to storm into CLT20 finalPress Trust of India | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:50 am
Chennai Super Kings stormed into their second Champions League T20 final with a crushing 65-run victory over Kings XI Punjab.
Chennai bowlers wreaked havoc to dismiss Punjab for 117 in 18.2 overs after Dwayne Bravo hammered 67 balls off 39 balls and took his team to an imposing 182 for seven in the second semifinal at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium.
Mohit Sharma (2/14)), Ashish Nehra (2/9), Pawan Negi (2/28) and Suresh Raina (2/10) did the damage as Punjab’s batting came a cropper.
2010 Champions Chennai now face reigning IPL champions Kolkata Knight Riders in the final on Saturday.
The contest between Chennai and Punjab was billed as the battle of two batting heavyweights. Chennai lived up to the expectation but Punjab failed miserably.
It became a one-side affair when Punjab collapsed to 61 for seven in the 11th over, needing an improbable 122 runs off the last 54 balls.
Wickets kept on falling regularly after Punjab lost opener Virender Sehwag in the first over. Glenn Maxwell too fell cheaply, ending his lean run in the competition.
It was an unexpected batting collapse from Punjab, who came into the match as the only unbeaten side alongside Knight Riders.
Earlier, Bravo got good support from Faf du Plessis (46 off 33) to take Chennai to a challenging score.
Parvinder Awana (4/30) and Akshar Patel (2/30) were the pick of the Punjab bowlers. Awana’s hat-trick almost went unnoticed in the innings.
Punjab had things under control for the first six overs after skipper George Bailey decided to put the opposition in.
Fast bowlers Anureet Singh and Awana impressed with the new ball against a dangerous Chennai batting unit.
A quick incoming delivery rattled the stumps of Dwayne Smith (14) while his opening partner Brendon McCullum (6) played to rash shot to be caught at mid-wicket off Thisara Perera.
Raina (6) started his innings with a delightful drive through the cover before he pulled a sharp catch to Bailey at mid-on, leaving Punjab at 41 for three in six overs.
Chennai’s batting runs deep and Raina’s dismissal brought Bravo and and Du Plessis together at the crease.
The two explosive men hung around for sometime before setting up the foundation for a big score. Their 65-run stand off 46 balls comprised big hits and some cheeky play especially from du Plessis, who used the scoop shot to good effect.
Bravo was brutal against pace and spin alike. He got to his fifty by smashing Anureet over extra cover, taking Chennai past 130 with five overs to spare. He had luck on his side too as Punjab dropped him twice.
The West Indian continued to find the fence at will before wickets of Negi (8) and Mahendra Singh Dhoni (0) off successive balls put Chennai in a spot of bother.
Bravo finally departed in the 19th over after playing a whirlwind continued…

A look inside a Politico storyBy Erik Wemple October 2 Follow @ErikWemple
Politico tweet:
Piers Morgan swears he doesn’t miss CNN, but the network is still very much on his mind: http://t.co/F07ZEvo5O5
— POLITICO (@politico) October 2, 2014
Reply from subject of tweet:
Because you kept asking me! > RT @politico Piers Morgan swears he doesn’t miss CNN, but network is much on his mind: http://t.co/qN5CPaa4tf
— Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) October 2, 2014
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Washington Post workers protest Jeff Bezoss negotiating stanceBy Erik Wemple October 2 Follow @ErikWemple
The Washington Post’s headquarters. (Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg)
A group of workers from the Washington Post staged an “informational picketline” today against their employer, bashing the company’s plans to freeze pensions and cut union benefits in ongoing collective bargaining negotiations. “SHAME ON BEZO$,” read a sign at the event, referring to The Post’s owner Jeff Bezos. Toward the end of the one-hour-long rally, the Erik Wemple Blog counted about 40 people in attendance, though an organizer insisted that many more were around at its peak. (The Washington City Paper reported about 50 attendees .)
Since coming under the control of Amazon founder Bezos in October 2013, the paper has hired about 100 additional newsroom employees, launched various news products and introduced a wide-ranging content partnership with newspapers across the country, the better to hook news consumers on the Washington Post product. Another prong in the plan appears to be a hard-nosed stance toward the union, the Washington-Baltimore Newspaper Guild . In a letter last month to employees, the Post announced plans to freeze pension benefits for its employees, though promulgating that change for guild-covered employees will require a contractual change.
Fredrick Kunkle, a guild co-chair and a Washington Post reporter with nearly 15 years of service, said at the protest that the guild is seeking mutuality with the paper’s new ownership: While reporters and editors bust their butts to produce a world-class product, management should reciprocate with world-class benefits. “Jeff Bezos has the power to be that kind of employer, but it’s not clear that he wants to be,” says Kunkle.
Guild folks, of course, are aware of Bezos’ history — or non-history — with unions. Amazon has consistently fought unionization, and worker conditions at the company have been the subject of some intense investigative journalism. In 2011, The Morning Call, a newspaper in Pennsylvania’s Lehigh Valley, documented the extreme conditions for workers at an area Amazon warehouse . “I never felt like passing out in a warehouse and I never felt treated like a piece of crap in any other warehouse but this one,” said one worker quoted in the story.
History notwithstanding, guild principals officially remain in benefit-of-the-doubt territory regarding their negotiations with Bezos. “Yes, but we’re challenged to be in that place,” says Kunkle.
Excellent defined pension benefits had long been a foundational perk of Washington Post employment. Under the management of former chairman and CEO Donald Graham, the Post’s pension performed spectacularly and was overfunded year after year to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars — a performance that Graham credited to investment guru, friend and Washington Post Co. board member Warren Buffett . (Bezos inherited a pension plan with a surplus of $50 million). Deep pension surpluses enabled humane newsroom-shrinking methods: Over the past decade, the newspaper funded several rounds of generous buyout packages via the pension funds, sending happy veteran reporters into retirement and other journalism jobs with bulging pockets and great health benefits.
Even though the company stopped offering the pension plan to new employees in 2009, workers hired before then accumulated benefits based on age and experience. Now Bezos wants to end new obligations, freezing those benefits where they are now. At the same time, the company is making massive cuts to contributions to employees’ 401(k) plans. The guild has built a pension calculator accessible from this page ; an employee making $80,000 with 10 years of service and 15 years shy of retiring would lose a total of nearly $250,000 in benefits, according to the calculator.
“They’re breaking their promise,” said picketer David Montgomery, a staffer for the Washington Post Magazine with 21 years of Post work under his belt.
Washington Post management declined to comment for this story, though this blogger, a dues-paying guild member, is happy to play corporate spokesperson for just a second: A massive cost-cutting campaign — and quite possibly newsroom layoffs — would have materialized if the sale to Bezos hadn’t taken place.
Pensions are just the biggest-ticket item separating the union from management. Proposals to cut severance pay, weaken seniority and job-security provisions in the contract are also in play. Said veteran Post staffer Valerie Strauss at the protest, “It is unfortunate that our new corporate employers, like other corporate employers around the country, think it is okay to rob workers of job security and retirement benefits… That’s not really a good business practice.”
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Appeals court lets Texas enforce antiabortion lawComments
By Desikan Thirunarayanapuram October 2
A federal appeals court Thursday allowed Texas to immediately begin enforcing tough new abortion restrictions that will effectively close all but seven abortion facilities in the state, the Associated Press reports.
A panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit in New Orleans stayed a lower judge’s ruling while it considers the overall constitutionality of key portions of Texas’s sweeping 2013 abortion law.
Read the full AP report here .

Protests in Hong Kong s luxury districtWill Hong Kong's luxury district get pinched by protests?
By Kathryn Vasel   @KathrynVasel October 2, 2014: 4:40 PM ET
 
Protests spread to Hong Kong's luxury district
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Hong Kong's Umbrella Revolution could take a toll on Chinese luxury spending.
Peaceful pro-democracy protests are taking place throughout Hong Kong, including in the government and financial districts and on Canton Road, a popular luxury shopping district.
The Occupy Central movement coincides with China's celebration of Golden Week, a national holiday that typically brings thousands of mainland tourists to Hong Kong. Last year, 1.2 million tourists flocked to the region during the holiday, according to the BBC.
Golden Week brings a lot of travel and spending with restaurants and retailers experiencing a big boon, explained David Dollar, senior fellow at the China Center at the Brookings Institution. This year's demonstrations will have a short-term effect on the economy, he said. "Think of it like a bad-weather event. There will be less shoppers and spending, but when it's over it will bounce back. The people who can afford to come to shop in Hong Kong are able to do it another time."
Related: Hong Kong protesters are so freaking nice
One tourist told CNN International's Kristie Lu Stout that, "it's OK to demonstrate, but you should be considerate of the general public." Another worried that "this will make people feel that Hong Kong is inconvenient."
CNN's Lu Stout reports that while activists are present on Canton Road, which is home to luxury heavyweights, Fendi, Burberry, Chanel and Louis Vuitton, they aren't blocking access to the stores.
Chinese tourism is a major component to Hong Kong's economy and Chinese consumer spending accounted for one-third of total retail sales in the region last year, said Ling-Wei Chung, principal economist at IHS. "Chinese tourists spend a lot of time and money in Hong Kong—especially on luxury goods, including jewelry and watches, accounting for one-fifth of total sales. If the tourists aren't spending on luxury items, that could hurt Hong Kong's economy"
The demonstrations gave one visitor to Hong Kong pause, reports CNN Correspondent Will Ripley: "I'm afraid if we go in, we won't be able to get out again because the traffic is so jammed up."
First Published: October 2, 2014: 4:35 PM ET
Most Popular

Crown stays with queens: India defend 4x400m title at Asian Games 2014The Indian 4x400 women’s relay team gold medal winners -Priyanka Pawar, Mandeep Kaur, Tintu Lukka and Poovamma Raju. (Source: Reuters)
Express News Service | Incheon | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:20 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 8:48 am
Just over a year ago at the Asian Athletics Championships in Pune, India won its most significant gold in athletics since the doping scandal of 2011. The 4×400 women’s relay team, a scratch combination that was running together for the first time, clocked 3:32.26 to finish atop the podium.
If the Indian team had registered a similar timing at Incheon they would have finished outside the top-three. Only two of those — Tintu Luka and MR Poovamma — who ran in Pune in July last year were fielded on Thursday. The other two were Mandeep Kaur and Priyanka Panwar, two runners who had been suspended following the doping violation.
The Indian 4×400 women’s relay team, gold medal winners in the previous three Asian Games, had a reputation to defend, while Mandeep and Priyanka, who ran the third and first leg respectively, had a point to prove. In three minutes and 28.68 seconds the Indian 4×400 quartet showed why they still remain a force in Asia. The timing clocked as a new Games record.
The earlier Games record of 3:29.02 was also in the name of the gold-winning Indian team from 2010. India’s second gold in athletics — Seema Antil’s in women’s discus being the first — meant that the women’s relay team held who continental titles simultaneously.
Japan won the silver in 3:30.80 while China bagged the bronze in 3:32.02. The first lapper, Panwar was, however, lagging behind her Japanese counterpart but Luka, who won a silver in 800m race, ran a brilliant race to recover the loss ground for India.
India took a small lead after two laps before Mandeep widened the gap in the third lap after holding out a strong challenge from her Japanese counterpart. Poovamma, who won a bronze in 400m race, then anchored India to gold by blasting her way to the finishing line.
Bronze for Inderjeet
In shot put, Inderjeet struggled for most part of his event as he had 18.52m as his best throw from his first four attempts. But he came up with a 19.63m in his fifth and penultimate throw to fetch the bronze. His sixth and final attempt was a foul.
The other Indian in the fray, Om Prakash Karhana, who was cleared in the eleventh hour following an injury, finished a disappointing ninth with a best throw of 16.94m. The national record holder, who injured his ankle while warming up for a selection trial on September 15 before being cleared for the Games at the last minute, had 16.26 and 16.94 in his first two attempts while his third effort was a foul.
In men’s triple jump also, Renjith Maheshwary, who was cleared at the last minute after a selection trial, could come up with a best effort continued…
If the Indian team had registered a similar timing at Incheon they would have finished outside the top-three

Asian Games 2014  Day 14  Live: India win kabaddi gold medals  climbs to 6th in medal tallyDefending champion India beat Iran 30-21 to win kabaddi gold in women's category. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | Posted: October 3, 2014 8:19 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 5:42 pm
After India clinched two gold on Day 13 of the 17th Asian Games in Incheon, India’s women’s kabaddi team gave a golden start to the day by winning the gold medal by defeating Iran 30-21 in the final. Men favourite against Iran. Volleyball 5th-6th classification match vs Qatar.
Hearty congratulations to the women and men's kabaddi teams for winning gold medals at Asian Games 2014 #PresidentMukherjee
— President of India (@RashtrapatiBhvn) October 3, 2014
Volleyball: India stay calm to finish 5th in Asiad. They beat Qatar 3-2
As expected, India win kabaddi gold. But this was one medal we took for granted so far. Not anymore, though.
— Mihir Vasavda (@mihirsv) October 3, 2014
Volleyball: Qatar bounce back to tie 2-2. Not looking good for India
Volleyball: India lead Qatar 2-1 in 5th-6th classification match
Iran look the real deal. Can they upset India? pic.twitter.com/s2HPIOthtn
— Mihir Vasavda (@mihirsv) October 3, 2014
Taekwondo: Margarette Maria lost 1-15 to China’s Li Donghua in the 73kg quarterfinal
Taekwondo: Shaloo Raikwar loses her 73kg quarterfinal bout to Alfahad Abrar of Kuwait by ‘superiority’ after both finished at 3-3
GOLD NUMBER 11! After women, men stage remarkable comeback to win kabaddi GOLD against Iran. They win 27-25.
Kabaddi: With 7 minutes to go, India 23-24 Iran in the men’s final
Kabaddi: India bounce back to make it 21-21 with 15 minutes to go!
Kabaddi: Iran leading India 21-13 in the men’s final at half time
GOLD NUMBER 10! KABADDI IT IS!
Kabaddi: Defending champions Indian women win GOLD after defeating Iran 30-21 in the final!
Day 13 Recap
Hockey gold in 16 yrs, a direct ticket to Rio: India defeated Pakistan 4-2 on penalties to win gold after 16 years and qualified for the 2016 Rio Olympics
Crown stays with queens : Women’s 4x400m relay quartet break Games record on way to defending Guangzhou title
 

Asian Games 2014: Twin win! India bag kabaddi gold in men  women s categoryThe Indian team was given a massive scare by Iran, who had finished runners-up in the 2010 edition as well. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Incheon | Posted: October 3, 2014 8:59 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 2:17 pm
India’s unhindered supremacy in the Asian Games’ kabaddi competition continued after both the men’s and women’s teams successfully defended their respective gold medals with hard-fought final triumphs over Iran here today.
Staging a fantastic second-half recovery, Indian men surged to their seventh straight gold by defeating Iran 27-25 in a thrilling final at the Songdo University Gymnasium.
India thus completed a golden double on the kabaddi mat for the second successive edition after the women defeated the same nation 31-21 in their final held earlier in the day.
The country thus boosted its overall gold tally to 11 on the final day of competitions here.
But it was touch and go for the Indian men, who have won the gold medal with ease on the six previous occasions since kabaddi was introduced in the 1990 Games at Beijing. They played catch-up with Iran for most part of the game before drawing level with the last seven minutes of the 40-minute match left.
The winners were trailing by a big margin of 13-21 at half time and a huge upset was on the cards before the defending champions pulled it around in the second half with some aggressive raiding and smart catching.
Captain Rakesh Kumar, who played with a bandaged head after getting injured by a rival defender’s knee during his raid in the second half, said after the game, “By god’s grace we won. It was tougher than we expected. Iran is a good team, but we made some mistakes initially and fell behind before recovering.”
Rakesh also said at half time, the strategy chalked out was to pack off Iran quickly for a ‘lona’ — with only four players of the rivals left as compared to their own five — at that stage and come back into the game.
“That’s what we did. Had we fallen even further behind then, it would have been curtains,” he conceded.
India started on the wrong foot against the super-fit Iranians who looked like men possessed as they raided with gusto and defended with zeal to jump to a 17-7 lead before the Indians, who even conceded a ‘lona’ (after being all out), knew what happened.
Experienced raider Jasvir Singh appeared to be a bit overconfident and paid the penalty for that as he was packedoff when raiding thrice in the initial stages.
It was left to India’s most experienced player Anup Kumar to pull in three points with a good raid and narrow the lead.
With five minutes left for the end of the opening half, India trailed 11-18 which became 13-21 before the first half ended.
The crucial turnaround happened soon after the start of the second half when India secured a ‘lona’ and then caught up with their rivals at 21-all.
They, however, slipped down to 21-24 before staging another recovery to catch up at 24-all when seven minutes were left.
Anup raided to secure a valuable point continued…
Against the very determined Iranians, India led the first half 15-11 before completely dominating the second half to seal the issue

Jaya spent Rs 3 crore on foster son s wedding: Special courtThe prosecution had come up with the case that over Rs six crore was spent for the marriage. (Source: PTI/file)
Press Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: October 3, 2014 3:29 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 4:18 pm
Holding that it was AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa who had paid for the arrangements for the lavish marriage of her now estranged foster son V N Sudhakaran, the special court in the disproportionate assets case against her pegged the expenses incurred by her at Rs three crore.
Sudhakaran’s marriage, dubbed as “mother of all weddings” was held in 1995 when Jayalalithaa was Chief Minister and had raised a huge controversy, inviting public criticism for ostentation, protests and petitions to court.
“It is established in evidence that huge amount was spent towards the printing of invitation, publication of thanks in the dailies, ‘tamboolam’ and valuable presents given to the guests, all of which would certainly entail an expense of more than Rs three crores even by modest and conservative estimation,” Special Judge John Michael D’ Cunha said.
“Taking into consideration all the above facts and circumstances, a sum of Rs three crores is taken as the expenses incurred by A-1 (Jayalalithaa) towards arrangement for the marriage of A-3 (Sudhakaran),” he said rejecting their contention that the expenses were met by the bride’s family.
The judge noted that oral and documentary evidence produced by the accused in support of their defence is “replete with the inconsistencies and irreconcilable contradictions”.
The evidence indicates that the arrangements were sponsored by Jayalalithaa and at her instance all the arrangements were made and even the payment was made by her, he said.
The prosecution had come up with the case that over Rs six crore was spent for the marriage.

E-Visa may make visa-on-arrival redundant: M...e-visa
(Tourism Minister Sripad…)
PANAJI: Union Tourism Ministry said that the visa-on-arrival facility, which is being mulled for large number of countries might become redundant once e-visa facility is introduced.
"Visa on arrival (VoA) for six airports would be extended within a month. But moreover we are working for e-visa facility which will help tourists to get their travel document by applying online. Once e-visa facility is introduced, VoA is likely to become redundant," Union Tourism Minister Sripad Naik , told PTI today.
The minister, however, said it is always better if the traveller have both, visa-on-arrival and e-visa, facilities which will aid airports to increase number of footfalls in the country.
Naik said that the Union Home Ministry is working out on the possibility of e-visa, considering the security point of view.
"The procedures are going on (for e-visa). Union Home Ministry is checking the security of airport and other aspects," he said.
Naik stated that the entire procedure for e-visa facility will be in place by June next year.
Home ministry in the past had raised concern over security issues while implementing the facility.
Naik said that the help of Interpol can also be taken while scrutinising the applications of the tourists for visa in the country.
"The worry is that the criminal should not enter the state taking advantage of e-visa facility," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Asian Games 2014: Hammer thrower Manju Balas bronze upgraded tosilverPress Trust of India | Incheon | Posted: October 3, 2014 4:10 pm
The Asian Games hammer throw bronze won by India’s Manju Bala has been upgraded to silver after one of the two Chinese competitors who finished ahead of her in the women’s final, returned positive for dope test.
“Manju Bala’s medal has been upgraded as one of the two Chinese athletes who finished above her has turned in a positive dope test,” said a source within the Indian contingent in Incheon who has been informed by one of the athletics technical officials.
Manju threw the chain and ball to 60.47m, considerably shorter than gold medal winner Zhang Weinxiu — who set a new Games mark of 77.33m — and silver winner Wang Zheng (74.16m), both from China on September 28.
Rajasthan’s 25-year-old Manju had come here with a season’s best of 62.74m that she threw in the inter-state meet at Lucknow in June.
An official announcement on this matter is expected sometime later.
This is the first dope offence in these Games which has affected the result of an Indian competitor.
Manju Bala's medal has been upgraded as one of the two Chinese athletes who finished above her has turned in a positive dope test

Former Infy employee files lawsuit seeking d...Former Infosys employee files new lawsuit seeking damages
Former Infosys employee files new lawsuit seeking damages
US national Jack Palmer, who was employed by Infosys in Alabama, said in the lawsuit filed on Thursday with a New Jersey court that he had been discriminated against.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: A former Infosys employee , who triggered a US investigation of the company's visa practices, has filed a fresh lawsuit against the firm demanding reappointment and compensation for alleged wrongful termination. US national Jack Palmer , a former employee of India's secondlargest software and outsourcing company, in the lawsuit filed with a New Jersey court said he had been discriminated against because he flagged alleged US via rules flouting by the company.
The lawsuit did not specify damages Palmer is seeking. Infosys did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Palmer had sued Infosys three years ago and lost in an Alabama state court in August 2012.
At that time he had accused Infosys of harassing him because he raised concerns about possible visa violations at the company. He had filed a fresh complaint with the US Department of Labor in May. In the lawsuit filed on Thursday in a district court in New Jersey, he alleged that the company discriminated and retaliated against him.
Last year, Infosys paid $34 million to end an investigation into visa fraud and errors in its hiring records.
A Federal investigation into the company's visa practices said that Infosys used deceptive practices to bring Indian workers to the US on short-term, B-1 business visitor visas rather than the more expensive and difficult to acquire H-1B skilled worker visas to save time and money. Infosys denied all charges, though it acknowledged errors in filing federal employment-verification records.

UBS faces fine of up to $6.3 bn in French ta...UBS faces fine of up to $6.3 million in French tax probe: Report
By Reuters | 3 Oct, 2014, 03.49PM IST
0
Share More
The document, written by two judges, is dated July 23, the same day the bank was first ordered by French officials to pay the guarantee.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
ZURICH: Switzerland's largest bank UBS could face a fine of up to $6.3 billion if found guilty in an investigation in France into whether it helped wealthy customers there avoid tax, a Swiss newspaper reported on Friday.
A French court has already ordered UBS to deposit a 1.1 billion-euro ($1.4 billion) guarantee to cover a portion of potential fines in the case, but Swiss newspaper Le Temps said it had seen a legal document showing the bank could face a penalty of up to 5 billion euros.
The document, written by two judges, is dated July 23, the same day the bank was first ordered by French officials to pay the guarantee.
Le Temps quoted the document as saying "the business model of UBS Switzerland was to offer its clients bank secrecy in contradiction to (French) fiscal authorities".
Shares in UBS fell by as much as 3.2 percent on Friday but pared losses to trade down 1.4 percent at 0942 GMT, still lagging the European banking sector which was up 1.1 percent.
UBS said the basis for any calculations of potential fines was artificial and speculative.
"We cannot control the irresponsible disclosure of confidential documents or their selective interpretation," UBS said in a statement.
"This matter is currently still in the stage of a formal investigation and we will continue to defend ourselves strongly."
Last month, the bank said it would again appeal against a French court ruling demanding the guarantee payment after an initial appeal was turned down.
On top of the French case, UBS is also dealing with allegations it was involved in rigging foreign exchange rates. The bank warned earlier this week it faced new fines after confirming it was holding talks to settle these allegations.

PM Narendra Modis visit re-energises India-US ties: WhiteHouseModi met Obama at the White House this week and held talks on strengthening the bilateral ties. (Source: AP photo)
Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: October 3, 2014 4:26 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 5:36 pm
Describing the just concluded US visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi as extraordinarily successful, the White House has said that his meeting with President Barack Obama has re-energised the strategic relationship between the two largest democracies of the world.
“In sum, I would say that the assessment on our part is that the Prime Minister’s visit was extraordinarily successful. It has provided a boost in terms of the vision and focus that we have for our bilateral relations ,” Phil Reiner, Senior Director for India at the National Security Council, told a select group of foreign correspondents here.
“We’re excited to be moving forward with a re-energised strategic partnership. The US continues to strongly support a prosperous India that plays an important role in the global stage, and I think the Prime Minister’s visit really provided the opportunity for the two leaders to discuss that vision that’s necessary in order to set the framework under which we are going to operate going forward,” Reiner said.
Modi met Obama at the White House this week and held talks on strengthening the bilateral ties.
Obama hosted Modi for a private dinner at the White House and the next day the two leaders met at the Oval Office. He also joined Modi when the latter visited the Martin Luther King Jr Memorial soon after their meeting.
“This visit in some ways went a long ways towards re-energising and re-launching the bilateral relationship. It’s a relationship that fundamentally is not just government-to-government. It extends across all aspects of American society, American private sector, and engages the Indian society writ large and the Indian private sector, civil society, academic sector,” said Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asia Nisha Desai Biswal.
“That informed the nature of the conversations and it also informed the nature of the initiatives and the agenda between the two countries of how to harness this very rich set of connections between our two countries towards achieving shared objectives,” she said.
“So it was quite refreshing and energising to both leaders that the Prime Minister shared his very robust vision for India’s transformation, and he talked about the kinds of things that he would like to be working on over his tenure, which I think resonated with the President, resonated certainly with Secretary (of State John) Kerry and all of us who had the opportunity to engage on that,” Biswal said.
Biswal said both the leaders discussed the true test is not the launching of these initiatives, but the next six months, 12 months, 18 months of implementation, and the desire for both sides to really redouble their efforts at taking what was launched and moving it in the form of concrete actions.
“That’s what continued…

Happy New Year script written with Dubai in mind: FarahKhanPress Trust of India | Dubai | Posted: October 3, 2014 4:19 pm
Choreographer-turned-director Farah Khan says she wrote the script of her upcoming Shah Rukh Khan-starrer ‘Happy New Year’ keeping Dubai in mind.
“I wrote the script of ‘Happy New Year’ with Dubai in mind and the entire climax is shot around New Year’s Eve at Atlantis, The Palm,” Farah said, adding she will always cherish shooting the movie in Dubai.
‘Happy New Year’ also stars Abhishek Bachchan, Deepika Padukone, Boman Irani, Vivaan Shah, Sonu Sood and Jackie Shroff. The film will premiere internationally at Atlantis, The Palm in Dubai on October 22 and the entire cast will travel to Dubai to attend the event.
Produced by Red Chillies Entertainments, the film, which releases on October 23, was shot at Atlantis, The Palm in conjunction with Dubai Department of Tourism and Commence Marketing and Dubai Film and Television Commission for almost a month in September last year. “I would like to thank Atlantis, The Palm and DTCM for being such gracious hosts to us,” Shah Rukh said in a statement.
“Dubai is like home for me and I have loved every bit of my experience of shooting for ‘Happy New Year’ here,” he said.
In the lead up to the Diwali premiere, October has been declared as a Bollywood month at Atlantis, The Palm, with a number of activities planned to create excitement for guests around the resort.
The attractions include a designated fan zone, with memorabilia from the film, special dining menus at Atlantis’ restaurants and much more.

69K people fined under no-smoking rules sinc...Bhavna Mukhopadhyay
(The State Tobacco Control…)
NEW DELHI: Delhi government has challaned 68,959 men and 126 women for smoking in public places since it was prohibited on October 2, 2008.
The State Tobacco Control Cell has collected fine amount of Rs 57.92 lakhs from people violating the rules till September 30.
According to the Voluntary Health Association of India (VHAI), data from the state tobacco control cell shows that Delhi Government has conducted 1,27,330 raids at public places and 2,55,011 raids at public service vehicle.
"The implementation of the no smoking rules in Delhi shows the government's commitment towards tobacco control. However, there is an urgent need to take stringent action against those clubs, hookah bars, and restaurants etc which are flouting the law.
"It should also be emulated by other states to achieve the goal of making the country smoke free. In addition, the Government must ensure that the money collected as fines should be spent on tobacco control and public health issues," said Bhavna Mukhopadhyay , Executive Director, VHAI.
Further, a survey on prevalence of tobacco usage in the city recorded that 41 per cent males and 3.7 per cent females in Delhi use some kind of tobacco product.
Around 30 per cent males and 1.1 per cent females smoke regularly in Delhi, while 17 per cent male and 3 per cent females use chewing form of tobacco products.
NGO VHAI is a federation of 27 State Voluntary Health Associations, linking together more than 4,500 health and development institutions across the country.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India s air traffic grows  IATA credits  sup...India's air traffic grows, IATA credits new 'supportive' government
PTI Oct 3, 2014, 04.23PM IST
Tags:
air traffic
(The international air traffic…)
NEW DELHI: Reflecting "solid" growth over the past two months, India's domestic passenger traffic rose 7.4 per cent in August, recording the second highest growth rate globally after Russia's 10 per cent, latest IATA data shows.
"Indian domestic demand climbed 7.4 per cent. Results for the last two months have been solid, perhaps an early sign of improvement as a result of the new business-supportive government regime," the analysis of the data by the International Air Transport Association (IATA) said.
India's domestic Revenue Passenger Kilometers (RPK), which measures actual passenger traffic, grew 7.4 per cent over August last year, almost matching the 7.6 per cent rise in Available Seat Kilometres (ASK) that indicates available passenger capacity or the number of aircraft seats available.
The overall average domestic demand rose 4.5 per cent in August compared to August 2013 with all markets reporting growth, led by Russia and India, the analysis said.
Like India, Russia's high growth rate of 10.1 per cent showed that the airlines there "have been able to stimulate domestic demand through significant fare reductions", it said.
The international air traffic results showed a "slight pick-up in demand" in August over the previous month.
Airlines in the Asia Pacific region saw their global traffic rise 5.8 per cent in August compared to the previous year. While seat capacity rose by seven per cent, their load factor declined 0.9 percentage points to 81 per cent.
Middle East region saw the strongest year-on-year traffic growth at 11.7 per cent as airlines there continued to "benefit from the strength of regional economies and solid growth in business-related premium travel."
Commenting on the air traffic data, IATA Director General and CEO Tony Tyler said, "August was a good month right across the industry. All regions reported an expansion in demand for air travel" with high load factors.
"We should, however, keep an eye on potential downside risks," he said pointing towards European continent's "increasingly worrying economic outlook".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Live: The US jobs reportGet every new post delivered to your Inbox.
Join 26,424 other followers
Build a website with WordPress.com
This website uses technologies not supported by this browser. For the best experience please upgrade your browser. Learn more »
We're currently experiencing technical problems and working with reduced functionality. We should be back in full shortly. Follow us on Twitter for further updates »

Obama  Modi shared personal stories  experiences overdinnerObama in a rare exception decided to join Modi on his visit to the Martin Luther King Jr memorial, despite his jam-packed schedule. (Source: AP photo)
Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: October 3, 2014 4:46 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 5:11 pm
Though they were meeting for the first time on Monday night over an intimate dinner, US President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi developed an instant rapport with each other, which was reflected in the two leaders sharing personal stories and experiences, a senior administration official said.
It became very evident when during the dinner meeting – which lasted for about 90 minutes – Obama in a rare exception decided to join Modi on his visit to the Martin Luther King Jr memorial, despite his jam-packed schedule.
Obama in fact gave a tour of the memorial to Modi.
“You can look at a number of different components of the visit that really is illustrative of just how personal the dialogue was,” said Phil Reiner, Senior Director for India at the National Security Council at the White House.
President Barack Obama with Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial in Washington. (Source: AP)
“The fact of the matter being that the President of the United States went with the Prime Minister of India to the Martin Luther King memorial…is indicative of just how comfortable they had gotten to be,” he told foreign correspondents during a media round table.
“In the dinner itself, the President was able to look fondly back upon his time when he was in India with his family. I think there some conversation about how enjoyable it was to be in India and to be able to dance. This was, I think, a very warm moment. I think that the prime minister remarked upon his time when he was back here in DC years ago,” he said.
The two leaders shared a lot of stories.
“Probably the most interesting was they found a great deal of common experience when it comes to first coming into government and realising just how bad government works, and acknowledging that there is so much more that could be done in government with technology, but it’s just so much slower inside,” he said.
“So you have to bring in the right people who can help you actually achieve a greater speed with processes, et cetera. There was actually a moment where you had had a succession of back-and-forth between the two leaders where the prime minister would say something, and the President would say, ‘Yeah, I identify with that’,” Reiner said.
“Because when the President came in, he was facing the greatest economic catastrophe this country – the world has seen since the Depression in the continued…

Massive Cyber Attack Hit 76 MILLION U.S. Householdsreddit
A cyber attack at America's biggest bank this summer affected more than half of all U.S. households -- far, far more than previously estimated, and the latest in a string of massive, unnerving data breaches.
The attack at JPMorgan Chase affected the data of 76 million households and 7 million businesses, the bank said in a regulatory filing on Thursday.
That impact was far bigger than earlier estimates that about 1 million customers had been affected, the New York Times noted . It represents more than half of the roughly 115 million households in America.
Hackers attacked the bank's computer systems periodically between mid-June and mid-August, according to The Wall Street Journal. The attackers accessed customer names, email addresses, phone numbers and physical addresses, along with "internal JPMorgan Chase information relating to such users," the bank said in its regulatory filing . The bank didn't describe what sort of information that was.
The bank said it has seen no evidence that "account numbers, passwords, user IDs, dates of birth or Social Security numbers" were taken, and it has not yet seen any signs of fraudulent activity using the leaked data.
JPMorgan Chase representatives did not immediately return a request for further comment on the breach, which is under investigation by the FBI. Earlier on Thursday, a NYT report on the JPMorgan filing mistakenly suggested that the bank had suffered a second major breach. The paper has since corrected that story .
For context on the size of this breach, a recent cyber attack against Home Depot affected 56 million customer cards, in what was reported to be the biggest retail hack in history. Late last year, a data breach at Target affected roughly 40 million customers at the height of the holiday shopping season.
More:

China is driving a global renewable-energy reboundbut it might not lastEnergy Shocks
October 3, 2014
China’s massive spending on renewable energy is putting the global sector on track for its first annual gain in three years. That’s according to new data from Bloomberg New Energy Finance , which estimates that some $175 billion was spent on clean-energy projects in the first nine months of the year, a 16% rise on the same period last year:
Share
Tap image to zoom
The jump in investment makes it “almost certain that 2014 will produce a bounce-back in dollars invested after two years of decline,” the research firm said. The gain is also almost entirely down to China, which spent $15 billion more on clean energy in the first nine months of 2014 than it did last year, accounting for the bulk of the global industry’s $25-billion increase so far this year.
China has decisively seized the lead in renewable-energy investment from Europe in recent quarters:
Share
Tap image to zoom
But the bullish projections for China’s investment in clean energy— particularly solar power —rely heavily on Beijing’s continued subsidies, which have resulted in  plummeting equipment costs . Without Chinese government support, the entire renewable market might look more like Europe, where spending in the third quarter was the lowest in eight years after similar supports were cut.
From  solar power in Germany to wind energy in Denmark , weak economic growth and fragile government finances have made European officials much less willing to subsidize renewable-energy investments, and the impact on spending has been severe. With China’s economy showing worrying signs of weakness , Beijing could all too easily have a similar change of heart.
Share this:

Coal stocks at 56 thermal plants critical: CEACoal stocks at 56 thermal plants critical, says Central Electricity Authority
PTI Oct 3, 2014, 05.42PM IST
Tags:
Bharat Coking Coal Ltd
(As per the latest data (September…)
NEW DELHI: Coal stock position at thermal power plants remains critical as more than half of the generating stations have less than a week's fuel stock.
As per the latest data (September 29) by the Central Electricity Authority (CEA), 56 coal-based power plants reported critical fuel stocks of less than seven days.
As many as 11 power stations were left with nil stocks on the day, the data said.
Of the 56 stations, 33 had less than four days of stockpiles. These 33 stations include 10 power stations run by country's leading thermal power producer NTPC.
NTPC plants include Indira Gandhi thermal power station in Haryana, Rihand, Singrauli, Tanda and Unchahar plants in Uttar Pradesh, Korba and Sipat (Chhattisgarh), Farakka and Durgapur (West Bengal) and Kahalgaon in Bihar.
As per the reasons given by CEA, all the power projects of NTPC and most of the 11 stations (with nil stocks) received less supplies from Coal India during the period.
Ministry of Coal , last week, reviewed the situation and said that the government will address the issue.
Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal had said during the first quarter of the current financial year (April to June) the coal materialisation to the power sector was 87 per cent.
The minister had said that shortage of supplies was on account of less supply of wagons and transportation constraints.
According to an official, the coal production at the mines of Eastern Coalfields Ltd (ECL), Bharat Coking Coal Ltd (BCCL) and Central Coalfields Ltd (CCL) is likely to improve only post the festive season.
Land acquisition problems, delays in getting environment and forest clearances and bottlenecks in coal transportation through railways have time and again affected fuel stocks at thermal power stations, he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Former News of the World editor admits to phone hackingUpdated: October 3, 2014 17:47 IST
Former News of the World editor admits to phone hacking
PTI
AP A former news editor at Rupert Murdoch’s now-defunct tabloid News of the World on Friday admitted to hacking phones of celebrities such as Jude Law and Paul McCartney while at the newspaper. File photo
TOPICS
newspaper and magazine
Ian Edmondson illegally intercepted the voicemails of two British Home Secretaries, ex-Beatle Sir Paul McCartney and actors Jude Law and Sienna Miller.
A former news editor at Rupert Murdoch’s now-defunct tabloid News of the World on Friday admitted to hacking phones of celebrities such as Jude Law and Paul McCartney while at the newspaper, becoming the eighth person to be convicted in connection with the case.
Ian Edmondson, 45, is likely to receive a custodial sentence after pleading guilty at the Old Bailey court in London.
Edmondson illegally intercepted the voicemails of two Home Secretaries, ex-Beatle Sir Paul McCartney and actors Jude Law and Sienna Miller.
He had been in the dock at the start of the eight-month trial which ended with his former boss Andy Coulson being jailed for 18 months but was excused due to ill health in December 2013. A hearing in July 2014 established that Edmondson was fit to continue.
He has now admitted conspiring with colleagues and private detective Glenn Mulcaire to intercept private voicemails between October 3, 2000 and August 9, 2006.
During the phone hacking trial, it emerged Edmondson had also hacked the voicemails of Coulson and former News of the World editor Rebekah Brooks.
His decision to plead guilty means that eight of the 10 so far charged and dealt with for phone hacking at the NoW have been convicted or pleaded guilty.
Edmondson worked for the paper in the 1990s, and then rejoined the tabloid’s news desk in 2004, becoming news editor in 2005, a position he held until he was suspended in December 2010 and subsequently dismissed for gross misconduct in January 2011.
He was in charge when Mulcaire and the paper’s royal editor Clive Goodman were arrested in August 2006 on suspicion of hacking.
His suspension four years later came after three emails implicating him in Mulcaire’s hacking came to light.
These suggested that hacking was not confined to Goodman, who the company had claimed was operating as a single “rogue reporter” and led to the launch of Operation Weeting, Scotland Yard’s phone hacking investigation in January 2011.

Pakistani troops violate ceasefire on third successivedayPrint
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: October 3, 2014 5:57 pm | Updated: October 4, 2014 2:48 am
A 17-year-old girl was killed and four other civilians injured in Poonch district on Friday during stepped up firing by Pakistan at different places along the Line of Control (LoC) and the international border in Jammu Kashmir.
Identifying the deceased as Jara Akhtar, sources said that she died at village Gigriyal in Saujjian area in Poonch district during mortar shelling by Pakistani troops from across the LoC. Five other villagers were also injured as mortar shells rained on the village, sources said, adding that they included Ghulam Mohammad, 60, Sher Bagh, 52, Zulfikar Ahmed, 17, and Javed Iqbal, 14.
The shelling which started around 2 pm Friday in Saujjian area came nearly 36 hours after six civilian including two women got injured and nearly half a dozen houses damaged in unprovoked mortar shelling by it on civilian areas in the same area.
A Defence Ministry spokesman Lt Colonel Manish Mehta here said that Pakistani troops resorted to yet another ceasefire violation targeting the Indian side with small arms fire in the same area on Friday afternoon. The firing from across the LoC continued from 2 pm to 3.30 pm, he said, adding that the Indian army also retaliated. However, there was no casualty or damage on the side of Indian army.
Meanwhile, sources said that unprovoked firing by Pakistani troops re-started after a brief halt and this time, they started targeting civilian areas on the Indian side with mortar shells. Some of the mortars fell on Gigriyal village causing civilian casualty, they said, adding that a few houses were also damaged.
There was panic in the village with people having fled to safer places in view of Pakistani troops targeting them with mortars for the second time since Wednesday night when six people including two women had got injured and nearly half a dozen houses damaged.
Meanwhile, Pakistani Rangers also resorted to unprovoked small arms fire on two forward Indian positions – Pittal Post and Tent Guard, along the international border in Arnia sector late this evening. The BSF also retaliated and the exchange of fire between the two sides was continuing when reports last came in late in the night.
The latest spate of ceasefire violations have started less than 24 hours after both US President Barack Obama and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi during nearly two hour long meeting between them in Washington, had committed to “joint and concerted efforts that include dismantling safe havens for terrorists and criminal networks, disrupting financial and tactical support for Lashkar-e-Toiba, Jaish-e-Mohammed, D-company and Haqqani network”.
The unprovoked mortar shelling by Pakistan has also come after a lull of over a month as earlier in August this year, its troops had been continuously resorting to heavy firing and mortar shelling on civilian areas not only along the LoC, but also along the international border in Jammu and Samba districts. The Pakistani firing, which BSF top officials described as heaviest since 1971 Indo-Pak war, had also led to migration of people from various villages in R S Pura, Arnia and Ramgarh continued…

US Employers Added 248K Jobs in September; Unemployment Rate at 6-Year Low of 5.9 pct.Most Requested Gift Cards in 2014
1. Visa Gift Card
Note: CardHub has a commercial relationship with Amazon.
3. iTunes Gift Card
4. American Express Gift Card
Note: CardHub has a commercial relationship with American Express.
5. Netflix Gift Card

Economy adds 248 000 jobs in September
Hiring rebounds in September; unemployment rate falls to 5.9 percentBy Ylan Q. Mui October 3 Follow @ylanmui
The U.S. economy added 248,000 jobs in September, just ahead of the mid-term elections. The jobless rate fell to a six-year low of 5.9 percent. (Reuters)
The U.S. job market rebounded in September as the economy added 248,000 jobs, according to government data released Friday morning, a reassuring sign of the nation’s recovery. The unemployment rate crossed a key threshold for the first time in six years, falling to 5.9 percent.
The jobs report was sure to buoy the White House, which has been struggling to convince Americans that President Obama and his fellow Democrats deserve more credit for the economic recovery. Obama made a major economic speech in Illinois on Thursday and will tour a steel plant in Princeton, Ind., Friday to underscore the nation's manufacturing revival.
"We continue to see important and meaningful ripple effects of a growing economy," Labor Secretary Thomas Perez said in an interview Friday. "The remaining challenge now is to ensure that the rising tide that we clearly see lifts all boats.”
But Republicans were quick to seize on negative data, including evidence that wage growth isn't picking up even if the labor market is healing. Lackluster wage growth is one of the key reasons many Americans still aren't personally feeling the effects of the improving economy. The government reported Friday that average hourly earnings actually inched down one cent in September to $24.53.
“President Obama inherited a tough economy, no doubt. But his economic leadership has held our economic recovery back during the last five years," Rep. Kevin Brady (R-Tex.), chairman of the Congressional Joint Economic Committee, said in a statement. "He can spin it as much as he likes, but the worst recovery of President Obama’s life is his own,” 
Hiring has topped the crucial benchmark of 200,000 jobs a month for much of the year. But lackluster job growth in August cast a pall over the pace of improvement in the labor market. Wall Street seemed to be setting itself up for disappointment again after several big days of losses this week.
Yet America’s businesses and workers are proving resilient. Leading the way in September were gains in the professional and business services sector, which added 81,000 jobs, and the retail and health care industries. The government also increased its estimate of job growth in July and in August by 69,000 positions to 180,000.
“This is a very muscular report," said Eric Lascelles, chief economist at RBC Global Asset Management. "It’s showing powerful job creation, no matter how one cares to slice it.”
Markets opened higher on Friday's news, with the Dow Jones average and Standard & Poor's index both up nearly 1 percent at noon.
The strength in hiring this year has been one of the clearest indications that the country is finally escaping the long shadow of the Great Recession. But other statistics underscore why the recovery still feels mediocre: Economic growth has been choppy , inflation is unusually low , and wages have barely budged.  About 3 million people had been out of work for at least six months in September, and the number of people involuntarily working part-time is unusually high. The size of the nation's labor force edged down to 62.7 percent.
In a speech at Northwestern University on Thursday, the president celebrated the improvements but acknowledged that many have yet to trickle down.
“By every economic measure, we are better off now than we were when I took office,” Obama said.  “At the same time, it’s also indisputable that millions of Americans don’t yet feel enough of the benefits of a growing economy where it matters most -- and that's in their own lives.”
Obama called for raising the minimum wage and investing in infrastructure, among other things, to help bolster growth. But on Friday, Republicans pushed back against those proposals and blamed the president for prolonging the road to recovery.
“Raising the minimum wage and continuing to impose more regulations won’t get this economy into high gear,"Brady said. "The last thing we need right now is to give businesses more reasons not to hire additional workers."  
The stronger job market is also forcing the Federal Reserve to back away from nearly six years of easy money. The nation’s central bank is slated this month to end the bond-buying program that has pumped more than a trillion dollars into the economy. It is also considering when to raise its benchmark interest rate, which has been at zero, for the first time since 2006.
'Taken by itself, the strength in payrolls and continued decline in the unemployment rate is the best argument for a more aggressive monetary policy stance," TD Economics senior economist James Marple said in a client note. "However, the Fed has repeatedly noted that they are looking at the labor market from a more holistic perspective."
But some officials believe the central bank is already behind the curve. In a speech Thursday evening in Mississippi, St. Louis Fed President James Bullard reiterated calls for the central bank to move sooner rather than later. He has argued for the Fed to hike rates by the end of the first quarter of 2015. Most central bank officials favor moving around the middle of next year or later.
But hiring has been more robust, and the unemployment rate has fallen faster than the Fed expected. Several influential Fed officials have said the central bank can afford to be patient in order to make sure it doesn’t inadvertently undermine the economy’s progress. But Bullard and a handful of other critics, both inside and outside the central bank, believe the Fed should respond more aggressively to those improvements.
“I interpret this as a degree of patience,” Bullard said Thursday of waiting until spring 2015.
Related:

RSS bats for Swadeshi  wants caste bias to end (Roundup)Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

EU clears Facebook s $19b buyout of WhatsAppThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Tuesday most of the stocks will open up atleast with a mild gap up   l...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Next week --------------61----------------Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Tomorrow is "the day"... fingers crossed!!Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Lot of conviction  confidence in Modi s communication: Yes Bank CEOJharkhand elections: Sonia Gandhi urges people of Daltonganj to vote for Congress
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Banks need $200 bn capital in next 5 years: FitchBanks need $200 bn capital in next 5 years: Fitch
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 02, 2014 03:45 PM IST
Indian banks will need $200 billion additional capital over the next five years to meet Basel III capital adequacy norms and the demand for funds as growth picks up, Fitch Ratings said today.
The rating agency expects improvement in asset quality of Indian banks with pick up in economic growth.
"Progress will be led by improvement in the cyclical sectors, which is likely to benefit from a sustained economic recovery," it said.
The state-owned banks reported stressed assets of around 12% in 2013-14, versus around 4% of private banks and 10% for the banking system, according to Fitch.
The agency said it "expects Indian banks to require over $200 billion in capital as growth picks up and banks progress towards Basel III."
Fitch said there is emergence of some early signs of stability in asset-quality at certain large state-owned banks.
The agency expects the trend to gain strength as economic growth picks up pace with India's real GDP growth projected at 5.5% in FY15 and 6.5% in FY16, it said.
"That is against the backdrop of a new government with a clear electoral mandate and a renewed focus on policy reforms, which is likely to set the stage for a cyclical recovery," it added.
It said Indian banks' capital needs are likely to rise incrementally until the full phase-in of the Basel III regime in the financial year ending March 2019.
State-owned banks, which account for around 75% of system assets, will require the bulk of this new capital, as they suffer from lower capitalisation, high stressed assets and weak earnings, Fitch said.

Telecom sector likely to create 40 lakh jobs in 5 yrsTelecom sector likely to create 40 lakh jobs in 5 years, say experts
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 2, 2014  | 18:38 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
The country's telecom industry is expected to generate 40 lakh new jobs in the next five years, spurred by growing potential in rural markets and rising internet penetration, say experts.
The bullish expectations come at a time when the government is making efforts to connect all 2.5 lakh village panchayats with high speed broadband network.
According to experts, surge in demand would be seen for skilled technicians, engineers, installation and maintenance service providers, sales, marketing, HR, in the sector.
"The telecom sector has been growing aggressive(ly) at an average for 35 per cent a year for close to two decades. Though the boom period of this sector is over, it continues to be a large job creator," Randstad India CEO K Uppaluri said.
Going by Randstad's estimates, the sector is likely to create about 40 lakh direct and indirect jobs over the next 5 years "fueled by increased penetration into rural markets as well as growth of mobile Internet and broadband services".
According to component manufacturer TE Connectivity, the telecom sector has been one of the largest employers in the last decade and would need around 2.75 lakh people by 2015.
"The challenge will be to get the right talent," TE Connectivity India & SAARC Network Solutions Director KK Shetty said.
"Once the bandwidth comes into place and digitalisation takes over, we will see substantial employment opportunities in content provider industry and related services industry," Shetty added.
Experts also opined that making more spectrum available and rationalisation of tariffs, among others, would help in boosting the sector.
"The overall challenges faced by telecom sector currently are - technology upgradation, network upgradation and availability of sufficient spectrum," Deloitte Haskins and Sells Partner Hemant Joshi said.
Observing that the telecom sector has lost decades in research and development (R&D) and technology innovations, Joshi said various measures were required to address these challenges.
These include partnership between public and private organisations, setting up world class R&D and testing labs, access to low cost funds and skilling college graduates.
Lighthouse Partners Managing Partner Rajiv Burman said, "more spectrum being made available by the government by getting defence establishment to relinquish the huge amounts they are sitting on, will give a fillip to growth of mobile telephony and increase the demand for telecom gear".
Spectrum Talent Management Director Sidharth Agarwal noted that "more innovation and newer line of products and services are the only ways to augment business in the sector, thereby boosting hiring on an overall basis".
Meanwhile, Uppaluri said that with the increased adoption of technology "where professionals will have to re-skill to take up roles and move up the value chain".

Hong Kong police warns protesters against occupying buildingsStudent protesters sleep and wait at the entrance of the government complex where Hong Kong's Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying's office is located. (Source: AP)
Reuters | Hong Kong | Posted: October 2, 2014 9:24 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 9:36 pm
Hong Kong police on Thursday promised to respond firmly to any attempt by thousands of pro-democracy protesters to occupy administrative buildings, and authorities urged people to immediately end their blockade of the city centre.
The mostly young protesters have demanded Hong Kong’s leader, Leung Chun-ying, step down by the end of Thursday, and want China to introduce full democracy so the city can freely choose its own leader.
Several protest leaders, frustrated at the government’s refusal to meet their demands, have threatened to occupy government buildings if Leung fails to resign.
But the chief executive, appointed by Beijing, has refused to budge, leaving the two sides far apart in a dispute over how much political control China should have over Hong Kong.
Steve Hui, senior superintendent of the Hong Kong police force, said police would take action in accordance with the law if the protesters tried to enter government buildings.
“Whenever there are violent and major incidents and crimes such as fighting and any other situation that jeopardises safety and public order, police will take resolute and firm action to restore public order,” Hui said, when asked how police would respond should the students carry through with their threat.
“We assure (you) that police will have enough manpower to deal with every single situation”, he said.
Riot police used tear gas, pepper spray and baton charges last weekend to quell unrest, the worst in Hong Kong since China resumed its rule of the former British colony in 1997.
Tens of thousands of people were on the streets of central Hong Kong on Thursday night, below peak numbers seen during six days of mass demonstrations but still significant.
Some protesters said they would go back to work on Friday after a two-day public holiday, but they planned to continue to support the movement by returning in the evenings.
Several thousand people gathered outside Leung’s office in Central business district, where they faced more than 100 police officers wearing riot gear. The situation was calm so far.
The area is seen as a potential flashpoint as the student deadline approaches, and some demonstrators wore goggles and face masks. Hong Kong Cable TV showed police moving boxes marked as containing rubber bullets and tear gas into Leung’s offices.
“FIGHT TO THE VERY END”
The “Occupy Central” movement presents one of the biggest political challenges for Beijing since it violently crushed pro-democracy protests in Tiananmen Square in 1989.
Universal suffrage is an eventual goal under the “one country, two systems” formula by which China rules Hong Kong. Under that formula, China accords Hong Kong some autonomy and freedoms not enjoyed in mainland China.
However, protesters calling for free elections reacted angrily when Beijing decreed on Aug. 31 that it would vet candidates wishing to run in Hong Kong’s 2017 election.
Protesters across the city have dug in, setting up supply stations with water bottles, fruit, raincoats, towels, goggles, face masks, tents and umbrellas.
The Hong Kong Federation of Students, one of the protest organisers, has urged people to surround more government buildings from Friday unless the authorities accepted their demands.
Protest leaders addressed supporters camped near the government headquarters, preparing them for a potentially tense night ahead.
“In the coming days we will team up to support the movement and provide resources. We will fight until the very end,” teenaged student leader Joshua Wong said from atop a ladder, to huge cheers.
The three main protest groups have started to work more closely together, perhaps aware that one of the risks to their movement is its lack of a unified leadership.
The Hong Kong government said the unrest was affecting public order and public services.
“About 3,000 government officials will try their best tomorrow to return to work. To maintain public service, the government headquarters must operate as usual,” the government said in a statement.
“We urge the Occupy Central leaders and organisers to stop the movement immediately.”
READY FOR THE LONG-GAME?
China has dismissed the pro-democracy protests as illegal, but it faces a dilemma.
Cracking down too hard could shake confidence in market-driven Hong Kong, which has a separate legal system from the rest of China. Not reacting firmly enough, however, could embolden dissidents on the mainland.
A government source with ties to Leung said the Hong Kong leader was prepared to play a long-game, intervening only if there was looting or violence.
“Unless there’s some chaotic situation, we won’t send in riot police … We hope this doesn’t happen,” the source said. “We have to deal with it peacefully, even if it lasts weeks or months.” Leung could not be reached for comment.
A front-page editorial on Thursday in the People’s Daily, the Communist Party mouthpiece, lauded Leung’s leadership and the police response to the protests.
“The central government fully trusts Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying and is very satisfied with his work,” it said.
But in a move that could rally more broad support for the protesters, respected former lawmaker Audrey Eu, chairwoman of the Civic Party, issued an open letter to Leung on Thursday calling on him to step down.
A pro-Beijing group told a news conference in Hong Kong their supporters would take to the streets to show support for Leung’s administration, raising the prospect of clashes between the two sides.
The crowded suburbs of Kowloon and the neighbouring New Territories are home to an extensive network of pro-Beijing groups, some of which boast close ties to mainland companies and officials and have grown active in street counter-protests in recent months.
REPUTATION UNDER THREAT
A top Chinese envoy has warned that the protests could tarnish the city’s reputation as one of the world’s leading financial hubs if they continued for a prolonged period.
China’s ambassador to Germany, Shi Mingde, told Reuters that the city’s reputation as a financial hub was not under threat for now. “But if shares fall, if the unrest continues, then the social order and (Hong Kong’s) role as a financial centre will be in danger,” he said in an interview in Berlin.
“This is neither in Hong Kong’s nor China’s interest.”
The city’s benchmark index, closed on Thursday for a holiday, plunged 7.3 percent in September.
Spooked by the protests, which turned violent at the weekend, some banks and other financial firms have begun moving staff to back-up premises on the outskirts of the city.
U.S. President Barack Obama told visiting Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi, who earlier met Secretary of State John Kerry, that Washington was watching the protests closely and urged a peaceful solution.
“The United States has consistently supported the open system that is essential to Hong Kong’s stability and prosperity, universal suffrage, and the aspiration of the Hong Kong people,” the White House said in a statement about the meeting, also attended by national security adviser Susan Rice.

Women of America  Here Are the Cities Where You Can Find Marriageable MenYou need a job to pay for that ring.
Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images
What do women want in a husband? According to polling by the Pew Research Center, a man with a steady job, first and foremost. Unfortunately, as I wrote last week , those are in somewhat short supply. Pew reports that among Americans between the ages of 25 and 34, there are just 84 employed and unmarried men for every 100 unmarried women.
But that's a nationwide figure—in some parts of the country, prospects are better than others. Today, Pew is out with a post on the "best and worst cities for women looking to marry," assuming a paycheck is high on their list of priorities for a mate. There are four California cities in the top 10, along with Denver and Seattle. (Pew looked at 43 metro areas with at least 100,000 unmarried young adults.) 
Advertisement
Note that the list is heavy on tech hubs with highly educated workforces. Contrast that with the southern and industrial towns at the bottom of the ranking. Memphis: low on men with bachelor's degrees , low on marriage prospects. (Of course, this is all framed from an economic perspective—obviously, not everyone is psyched to date a programmer .)
Footnote: Last week, I reported there were 91 never-married and employed young men to every 100 never-married young women. This week, Pew decided to switch from "never-married" to "unmarried," adding divorcés to the category and worsening the ratio to 84:100.
Jordan Weissmann is Slate's senior business and economics correspondent.

Green  Latta  Schmidt return to the ice for CapsBy Alex Prewitt October 2 Follow @alex_prewitt
Mike Green is still unsure if he’ll play in one of the Caps’ remaining preseason games. (John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
The cavalry of nicked-up Capitals returned to the ice for practice Thursday morning, an encouraging sign with the regular season and final cuts rapidly approaching.
Forward Michael Latta (upper body) and defensemen Nate Schmidt (head) and Mike Green (upper body) all skated without donning non-contact jerseys and expect to return before the Oct. 9 opener versus Montreal. None had practiced over the past several days since suffering their respective injures.
Schmidt, who took a brutal hit to the chin at Montreal last Sunday , was in good spirits after skating, saying that his time face-down on the ice following the blow was spent “just collecting my marbles.”
“Every day is a blessing,” the 23-year-old said. “Just taking it day by day, seeing where we’re at tonight. Talked to coach today, we’ll see what happens. You know what, I really wanted to get back in the game. I realized, with eight minutes left in the third period of a preseason game, the staff said, ‘Hey, cool the jets here. Get yourself good.’ But yeah, it was interesting. Adrenaline’s rushing so hard. I was just trying to get myself collected, make sure I was alright.”
Though neither were listed on the roster for Thursday’s home date with Philadelphia, both Schmidt and Latta felt ready to play Sunday versus Carolina.
“Schmidt I told him yesterday, I was maybe planning to put him in this game, but from the hit he took, give him an extra day, that’ll probably serve us better than that,” Coach Barry Trotz said. “I’m leaning for him to play on Sunday in that situation. Couple guys I talked to about playing on Sunday that maybe didn’t play yesterday or played yesterday and won’t play today. That’s sort of the plan”
Green, on the other hand, said he still felt some discomfort with his injury and was uncertain about skating for the preseason finale.
“I hope so,” he said. “We’ll assess it closer to then. Right now we’re still just day by day and we’ll see what happens there.
“No, still not quite there, but getting stronger each day, which is good. No holdups or setbacks.”
Forward Aaron Volpatti (neck), forward Tom Wilson (fractured fibula) and defenseman Dmitry Orlov (broken wrist) all sported the light-blue non-contact sweaters for their workouts. Volpatti practiced with the healthy Capitals, while Orlov, Wilson and goaltender Edward Pasquale (hip) worked out with strength coach Mark Nemish earlier Thursday morning.
Forward Jay Beagle (upper body) was not present at the rink. Recently, Trotz expressed some concern over Beagle’s readiness for the regular season.
Trotz wants to finalize Washington’s roster within the upcoming days, ideally chopping the current group down to 22 skaters, which would leave room for one injured player to avoid the injured reserve list.
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Working on distribution network to expand presence across the country: Nitish Kapoor  MD  Reckitt Benckiser IndiaWorking on distribution network to expand presence across the country: Nitish Kapoor, MD, Reckitt Benckiser India
Lalitha Srinivasan | Published:  Oct 03 2014, 02:26  IST
Oct 03 2014, 02:26  IST
 

Did the Air Force waste $8.8 billion on dronesBy Christian Davenport October 2 Follow @_chrisdavenport
An MQ-9 Reaper sits in a hanger during a sandstorm at Joint Base Balad, Iraq, in September 2008. (Photo by Senior Airmen Jason Epley/U.S. Air Force)
The Air Force risks spending about $8.8 billion on 46 MQ-9 Reaper drones that it may not need, the Pentagon’s inspector general said.
In a summary of a report posted late Wednesday, the IG said that officials did not receive appropriate approval for an increase in quantity. The Air Force also failed to perform a proper analysis to justify the amount needed, the report said.
In response, Air Force officials said that the data used by the IG was a year old. Instead of buying 401 Reapers, the figure cited in the IG report, the service is only buying 346 of them, Lt. Gen Robert Otto, the Air Force deputy chief of staff for intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance said in an Air Force news service article.
“The MQ-9 Reaper is a success story,” Otto told the news service. “The soldiers and Marines love it. Combatant Commanders want more of it. We’re working hard to make more, as directed by the Secretary of Defense.”
Christian Davenport covers federal contracting for The Post's Financial desk. He joined The Post in 2000 and has served as an editor on the Metro desk and as a reporter covering military affairs. He is the author of "As You Were: To War and Back with the Black Hawk Battalion of the Virginia National Guard."

NBC News freelancer in Africa diagnosed with Ebola
Share in Asia fall as HK talks watched  China services disappointOct 03, 2014, 08.39 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Share in Asia fall as HK talks watched, China services disappoint
Share in Asia fall as HK talks watched, China services disappoint
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Share in Asia fall as HK talks watched, China services disappoint
Share in Asia fall as HK talks watched, China services disappoint
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Asian shares fell Friday despite a stable U.S. showing following concerns about the Ebola virus spreading wider as poor services data out of China and regional unease about events in Hong Kong weighed
The Hang Seng Index fell 1.2% at 22,652 as protests continued into Friday and efforts to ease tensions though talks are inconclusive so far.
Japan's Nikkei 225 was off by 0.3% as the dollar saw selling pressure ahead of U.S. jobs data Friday. The index lost the most yesterday in almost two months, on the back of stock selling overseas amid global fears, including an Ebola outbreak.
Markets in China remain shut until Oct. 8, but Hong Kong, where a week of civil protests for democratic elections has halted much of the central business district, will open after a two-day break.
Despite the China holiday, CFLP services PMI was released for September and came in at 54, below an average of 54.6 so far this year, and last month's figure of 54.4.
Hong Kong Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying said he had no plans to resign, but would appoint his second-in-command to represent the government in talks with protesters, as demonstrations continue to paralyzed large parts of the city.
The announcement came at a late news conference Thursday, just minutes before a midnight deadline set by protesters for a response to their demands for his resignation. It was the first hint of conciliation from the city's Beijing-backed government since the standoff began a week ago.
On Friday, details of the talks were not immediately available.
Overnight, U.S. stocks stabilized with the S&P 500 inching out of its three-day slump. The Dow Jones Industrial Average declined less than 0.1%. Global markets have come under pressure in recent days amid concerns about the pace of economic growth, particularly in Europe and China, and the potential for market disruptions stemming from Federal Reserve and European Central Bank policy changes.
Elsewhere in Asia, stocks on the S&P/ASX 200 traded lower by 0.3%
Korea's KOSPI was closed for a national holiday.
Overnight, U.S. stocks ended largely unchanged as investors jumped to the sidelines to await Friday's release of the September jobs report, which many hope will provide clues as to the strength of the world's largest economy.
The Dow 30 fell 0.02%, the S&P 500 index end the session unchanged, while the NASDAQ Composite index rose 0.18%.
The Labor Department reported earlier that the number of individuals filing for initial jobless benefits in the week ending Sept. 27 decreased by 8,000 to 287,000 from the previous week's revised total of 295,000.
Analysts had expected jobless claims to rise by 2,000 to 297,000 last week.
The data came after payroll processor ADP on Wednesday said that the U.S. private sector added 213,000 jobs last month, slightly ahead of expectations for jobs growth of 210,000.
Still, investors remained in standby mode ahead Friday's U.S. nonfarm payrolls report, which was expected to show that the economy about 215,000 jobs in September.
Elsewhere, news a man traveling from Liberia infected with the Ebola virus arrived in the United States and came into contact with others rattled nerves by stoking market concerns that if general fears grow, traveling and shopping may slow, which could affect U.S. recovery.
On Friday, expect markets to track the U.S. jobs report.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

EasyJet benefits from Air France strikeEasyJet boosted by Air France strike
By Jane Wild
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/705f7d16-4ac6-11e4-839a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sarita Devi: I was wronged; hope Korea hosts better World ChampionshipPTI India's Sarita Devi with other medal winners after refusing to accept the bronze during the award ceremony of lightweight category boxing event at the Asian Games in Incheon
New Delhi, Oct 3:  
She has offered unconditional apology for an emotionally-charged protest at the Asian Games but Indian boxer L Sarita Devi today hoped that her outburst would ensure better judging at next month’s World Championship in Korea – the country where she felt “wronged”.
Speaking to PTI after returning from Incheon, Korea with a controversial bronze medal, which she refused to accept at the presentation ceremony, Sarita said the episode has left her “mentally drained”.
“I hope the judging is better in the World Championship (scheduled from November 13 to 25 in Jeju Islands). Korea is hosting it and I am hoping that my protest will make some difference to the standard of judging. I hope nobody feels wronged like I did. No boxer should go through this, we work so hard,” she said.
Sarita lost a contentious semifinal in the Asian Games to Korean Jina Park despite dominating the bout. The Indian later cried bitterly at the podium and refused to wear the medal that was presented to her.
She instead gave it to Park as a mark of protest during the ceremony, prompting the International Boxing Association (AIBA) to initiate disciplinary proceedings against her.
Sarita later offered an “unconditional apology” to AIBA for her actions.
“I apologised because I did not want any other Indian boxer to suffer. I fight for my country and by apologising I have tried to ensure that no other Indian gets affected. I feel I was wronged,” she said.
“We suffered a lot due to the federation’s termination earlier. I didn’t want anything new to affect our boxers.”
Recalling her emotional moments at the podium, Sarita said she was not in control.
“I could not control myself on the podium. I offered her (Park) the medal because that’s what she deserved. I deserved better. She came to me to return the bronze but I could not take it, I was too overwhelmed. She requested me to take it back,” Sarita recalled.
“I am not angry with her. She was just fighting like me.
“The wrong was done by others. It was not her fault,” she added.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Maharashtra Assembly polls: Multi-cornered contests in Mumbai14
0
Mumbai: With big alliances torn asunder in Maharashtra, multi-cornered contests in the upcoming assembly elections have left Mumbai voters spoilt for choice. With less than a fortnight to go for the voting, Congress party which won 17 out of the 36 Mumbai assembly constituencies in the 2009 assembly polls is fighting a tough battle to retain its hold over the country's financial capital while the BJP is aiming to encash the "Modi wave" even as the Shiv Sena is banking on its well entrenched grassroot network to see it through the hustings.
Choice of candidates and their credentials as well as addressing the aspirations of the young voters will be among the issues which will be the focus of Congress party and the Sena-BJP.
NCP which had won three seats in 2009 assembly elections while in alliance with the Congress, is now contesting all the 36 seats. BJP hopes a repeat of the May general election results and is projecting Prime Minister Narendra Modi as the face of its campaign. The BJP-Sena alliance had swept the parliamentary polls grabbing all the six seats in the city.
With big alliances torn asunder in Maharashtra, Mumbai voters are spoilt for choice.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #shiv sena #bjp #ncp
Shiv Sena is highlighting its President Uddhav Thackeray and his 24-year-old son Aditya. The party is projecting itself as one with a "real identity" of Maharashtra. It has put up mobile vans in different constituencies highlighting its vision document and appealing to voters to help in realising the dream of Late Bal Thackeray to unfurl the saffron flag atop Mantralaya.
Congress, through its ad campaigns has projected Prithviraj Chavan as its chief ministerial candidate. "Congress projecting its chief ministerial candidate is not a rule but an exception this time. While the BJP not having a face to its campaign is an exception and not a rule," Congress MLC Sanjay Dutt said.
Even though the party is highlighting the infrastructure development in Mumbai as one of its achievements, the faction-ridden Mumbai Congress is a hurdle for the party to achieve its goal.
The faction-ridden Mumbai Congress hopes to turn the tide against the Sena and BJP by highlighting the differences between the two saffron parties. Similarly, it remains to be seen how the MNS which bagged six seats in the megapolis in 2009 is able to retain its vote share this time, observers feel.
Congress leader Priya Dutt's differences with Textile Minister Mohammed Arif Naseem Khan and former Mumbai unit Congress chief Kripashankar Singh led her to fighting a lonely battle in the Lok Sabha polls, a Congress functionary said.
The key seats would be Andheri East from where Health Minister Suresh Shetty will seek a fourth term; Chandivali where Arif Naseem Khan is contesting; Dharavi where Women and Child Welfare minister Varsha Gaikwad will be the candidate, and Kalina, where former Mumbai congress chief Kripashankar Singh accused in disproportionate assets case is testing his luck.
While Leader of Opposition in Legislative Council Vinod Tawde is contesting from Borivali, considered a safe seat and Mumbai BJP chief Ashish Shelar is making a fresh bid to defeat sitting Congress MLA Baba Siddique from Bandra west.
Shiv Sena leader Subhash Desai is seeking re-election from Goregaon. In 2014 Lok Sabha polls, Congress got a lead only in Mumbadevi and Byculla assembly segments of South Mumbai while the NCP had gained in Mankhurd-Shivajinagar in North East Mumbai. Congress-NCP lost all the six parliamentary seats, which it had held since 2004, to the Sena-BJP combine.
Observers feel North Indians, Gujarati speaking population which are in significant numbers spread across the city and suburbs will play a deciding role in the assembly poll results.
With very less time for campaigning, all candidates are on 'padyatras' and door-to-door contact with voters.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will address a rally in Mumbai on Saturday while Congress president Sonia Gandhi is expected to be in the city next week.
All the parties are contesting the 36 seats except Shiv Sena which is supporting Geeta Gawli, daughter of former underworld don Arun Gawli in Byculla.
2

Issues raised by Mohan Bhagwat are relevant: Narendra Modi20
0
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday hailed the Dusshera address of RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat and said the issues of social reform he raised are "very relevant" today.
"Mohan Bhagwat ji talked about important national issues in his speech. The issues of social reform that he raised are very relevant today," Modi tweeted.
Modi also gave an online link of the summary of Bhagwat's address. He congratulated all RSS workers on the organisation's foundation day.
In an address that was telecast live on national broadcaster Doordarshan, Bhagwat pressed for a complete ban on cow slaughter and meat export and urged people to stop buying Chinese goods.
#mohan bhagwat #narendra modi #rss #jihad
In an address that was telecast live on national broadcaster Doordarshan, Bhagwat pressed for a complete ban on cow slaughter and meat export and urged people to stop buying Chinese goods.
He also said "jehadi" activities were increasing in Kerala and Tamil Nadu and alleged that illegal immigration from Bangladesh into the states of West Bengal, Assam and Bihar will endanger the life of "Hindu society" there.
The RSS chief patted the Modi government for initiatives on national security, economy and international relations in a short period of four months.
Speaking at the customary function on Dusshera which coincides with 89th foundation day of his organisation, he said positive signs are emanating that give people the hope that India is emerging stronger on the international stage.
2

US economy adds 248 000 jobs  unemployment rate drops to 5.9%Any questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Pakistani troops violate ceasefire on third successive dayPrint
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: October 3, 2014 5:57 pm | Updated: October 4, 2014 2:48 am
A 17-year-old girl was killed and four other civilians injured in Poonch district on Friday during stepped up firing by Pakistan at different places along the Line of Control (LoC) and the international border in Jammu Kashmir.
Identifying the deceased as Jara Akhtar, sources said that she died at village Gigriyal in Saujjian area in Poonch district during mortar shelling by Pakistani troops from across the LoC. Five other villagers were also injured as mortar shells rained on the village, sources said, adding that they included Ghulam Mohammad, 60, Sher Bagh, 52, Zulfikar Ahmed, 17, and Javed Iqbal, 14.
The shelling which started around 2 pm Friday in Saujjian area came nearly 36 hours after six civilian including two women got injured and nearly half a dozen houses damaged in unprovoked mortar shelling by it on civilian areas in the same area.
A Defence Ministry spokesman Lt Colonel Manish Mehta here said that Pakistani troops resorted to yet another ceasefire violation targeting the Indian side with small arms fire in the same area on Friday afternoon. The firing from across the LoC continued from 2 pm to 3.30 pm, he said, adding that the Indian army also retaliated. However, there was no casualty or damage on the side of Indian army.
Meanwhile, sources said that unprovoked firing by Pakistani troops re-started after a brief halt and this time, they started targeting civilian areas on the Indian side with mortar shells. Some of the mortars fell on Gigriyal village causing civilian casualty, they said, adding that a few houses were also damaged.
There was panic in the village with people having fled to safer places in view of Pakistani troops targeting them with mortars for the second time since Wednesday night when six people including two women had got injured and nearly half a dozen houses damaged.
Meanwhile, Pakistani Rangers also resorted to unprovoked small arms fire on two forward Indian positions – Pittal Post and Tent Guard, along the international border in Arnia sector late this evening. The BSF also retaliated and the exchange of fire between the two sides was continuing when reports last came in late in the night.
The latest spate of ceasefire violations have started less than 24 hours after both US President Barack Obama and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi during nearly two hour long meeting between them in Washington, had committed to “joint and concerted efforts that include dismantling safe havens for terrorists and criminal networks, disrupting financial and tactical support for Lashkar-e-Toiba, Jaish-e-Mohammed, D-company and Haqqani network”.
The unprovoked mortar shelling by Pakistan has also come after a lull of over a month as earlier in August this year, its troops had been continuously resorting to heavy firing and mortar shelling on civilian areas not only along the LoC, but also along the international border in Jammu and Samba districts. The Pakistani firing, which BSF top officials described as heaviest since 1971 Indo-Pak war, had also led to migration of people from various villages in R S Pura, Arnia and Ramgarh continued…

Politicians like nothing more than success. Witness Obama on oil.By Philip Bump October 3 Follow @pbump
"As soon as I came into office," President Obama boasted on Thursday in a speech at Northwestern University, "we upped our investments in American energy to reduce our dependence on foreign oil and strengthen our own energy security. And today, the number-one oil and gas producer in the world is no longer Russia or Saudi Arabia. It’s America."
This is apparently true. Over the course of Obama's time in office, the domestic production of oil has exploded. Between 1980 and 2010, oil production dropped by 1.5 percent a year, on average (from July to July). Between 2010 and 2014, it's shot up an average of 12.8 percent. Between July 2011 and July 2012, production went up 19.6 percent -- the biggest one-year gain since 1937.
Which puts Obama in the weird position of having to champion oil exploration -- and the economic boom its created, particularly in the northern Plains states -- while at the same time talking up his plans to fight climate change. Last year, the White House somewhat awkwardly tried to pair the two in a tweet.
RT the good news: For the 1st time in nearly two decades, we're importing less oil than we're producing. pic.twitter.com/M30ewhgKqi
— The White House (@WhiteHouse) November 14, 2013
He made a similar transition at Northwestern. "So that's in the traditional fossil fuel area," he said, adding a few sentences outlining a number of ways in which the administration has bolstered clean energy. "That’s the kind of progress that we can be proud of and in part accounts for the progress we have also made in reducing carbon emissions that cause climate change."
When Obama first ran in 2008, increased energy production was perhaps the last thing on his mind -- his arguments about upping investments in energy notwithstanding. In 2008, his campaign website  offered exactly one solution for reducing dependence on foreign oil: using less oil overall.
By 2012, well into a boom fostered almost entirely by improved drilling techniques, Obama was ready to claim some credit .
Mitt Romney, meanwhile, featured "energy" as a key issue area on his website. And on the page discussing his energy plans, his first argument was that Obama wasn't doing enough.
That stands in stark contrast with John McCain's website from four years prior. McCain eventually adopted the informal mantra "drill, baby, drill," but that was largely popularized once McCain selected his running mate . In September of 2008, his website still focused much more heavily on the environment.
McCain did propose one way in which America could gain energy independence: "through the development of bio diesel and cellulosic energy."
It isn't only the  domestic oil boom that shifted how politicians talk about oil production. The perception that Barack Obama is hostile to fossil fuels turned arguments about oil drilling and coal mining into close-to-cultural issues in 2012. And the focus on addressing climate change that led to such famous scenes as Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) and Republican Newt Gingrich sitting on that couch to call for action had dissipated quickly in the years that followed.
But the change in tenor from a termed-out president is almost certainly because oil exploration is one of the few things that has categorically, unequivocally gone well since he became president.
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He previously wrote for The Wire, the news blog of The Atlantic magazine. He has contributed to The Daily Beast, The Atlantic, The Daily, and the Huffington Post. Philip is based in New York City.

RadioShack  Tekmira among biggest premarket moversWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ European Central Bank Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. GameStop Corp. Mario Draghi
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Why Phone and Cable Companies Want to Kill the Internet s Most Democratic Rightreddit
Net Neutrality -- the principle that protects Internet users' free speech rights -- is censorship.
Did you get that? You did if you happened to be reading the Wall Street Journal's editorial pages . Former Federal Communications Commissioner Robert McDowell recently wrote a screed claiming that Net Neutrality supporters have taken a turn "toward undermining free speech."
And McDowell is not alone. Since the FCC announced its plan to make a new ruling regarding the open Internet, Washington has been overrun with phone and cable lobbyists whose sole mission is to convince the agency that real Net Neutrality rules are downright un-American.
Industry-funded think tanks have argued that any enforceable effort to protect the open Internet denies phone and cable companies their First Amendment right "by compelling them to convey content providers' messages with which they may disagree."
That these industry voices have mangled the intent of the First Amendment should come as no surprise to anyone witnessing their campaign to undermine the open Internet. (It's a campaign that includes Comcast and Verizon spending millions on a PR campaign that claims they are for Net Neutrality while spending millions more on lobbyists to push Washington to destroy it.)
The Right to Censor
According to many industry spokespeople, the Net Neutrality protections that millions of Americans are fighting for are an "attempt to turn the Internet into... a federally regulated public utility." In the view of McDowell and others, Net Neutrality is bad for free speech because it takes away broadband providers' unalienable right to censor you.
As an FCC decision on the matter grows nearer, the rhetoric from lobbyists will become even more extreme.
If any of this sounds familiar, it's because Verizon's lawyers made a similarly distorted argument in 2013 before a federal appeals court, claiming that the First Amendment meant that Internet service providers were the Internet's editors -- free to pick and choose what content gets delivered to customers and what content ends up in a digital dust bin.
The First Amendment "protects those transmitting the speech of others, and those who 'exercise editorial discretion' in selecting which speech to transmit and how to transmit it," Verizon's attorneys wrote in a brief to the court. "In performing these functions, broadband providers possess 'editorial discretion.' Just as a newspaper is entitled to decide which content to publish and where, broadband providers may feature some content over others."
Did you get that? As a last-mile connection between its customers and the network itself, Verizon has the right to block any content that flows across the Web to or from its users.
Common Carriage: The Means of Free Speech
If this is beginning to sound Orwellian, that's because it is. For years now, phone and cable companies have likened the Internet to their private property, a domain over which they have ultimate say.
Under this scenario, Net Neutrality violates the phone and cable companies' rights as "individuals" -- none being more sacred than the right to free speech (or, in their view, the right to throw all other speakers off the front porch).
What's lost in this spin is this: The Internet is not the private property of AT&T, Comcast and Verizon. It's a network of networks (some private and some public) that depends on a common set of rules to transport information, connect people and function. The most important rule for preserving free speech online is common carriage, the classification that prohibits these access providers from interfering with the content that flows through their pipes.
Returning the Internet to the widely used common-carrier standard is what these industry types fear most. It's a fear that has reached a fever pitch after an overwhelming majority of the public urged the FCC to protect real Net Neutrality and reclassify broadband providers as common carriers under Title II of the Communications Act.
The public outpouring of support for Title II has set alarms ringing at the headquarters of the National Cable and Telecommunications Association, the lobbying group that's led the industry's decades-long effort to destroy the one principle that preserves the Internet's open and democratic nature.
According to established law, common carriage applies to any carrier that "holds itself out ... to carry for all people" without interference. It was originally applied to transportation like railroads and ferries, but became an essential standard for open communications. Any two-way communications network that serves the public is not supposed to block, degrade or otherwise unreasonably discriminate in the transmission of the content it carries across its networks.
Common carriage extends free speech principles to privately owned networks, promoting interconnection and the widest possible sharing of content while ensuring a marketplace that's bolstered by competition.
Common carriage works well across the U.S. economy. It applies to wireless carriers (like Sprint) and more than 1,000 small rural carriers (like Iowa Network Services) offering DSL and fiber access.
Your Right to Connect and Communicate
Congress defined the common-carrier obligations of telecommunications services as transmitting information between points of users' choosing without unjust discrimination. After intense lobbying by phone and cable companies, the FCC removed broadband service providers from that classification during the Bush-era, creating the legal mess that now envelops the agency.
"McDowell needs to regain some common sense about common carriage," says Marvin Ammori, a First Amendment scholar who runs an Internet policy consultancy in Washington, D.C. "Are your phone lines censored? Are enterprise lines censored? Are mobile voice services censored? All of these are common carriers. We need the same assurances with our Internet communications."
The framers of the U.S. Constitution could not have foreseen a time in which technology allowed more than 2.7 billion people to communicate via interconnected digital platforms. Nor could they have envisioned a world in which companies like AT&T, Comcast and Verizon wield more authority over free speech than a British monarch.
The sheer scale of free speech today is without precedent; more people than ever before are able to connect and communicate. Going forward, these Internet users need common-carrier rules, as much as the First Amendment, to protect this most democratic right.
-- Originally published by PBS MediaShift.
Follow Timothy Karr on Twitter: www.twitter.com/TimKarr
More:

Poor-rich gap growing in India  Asia-Pacific: UNESCAP reportPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 5:24 pm
The gap between the poor and the rich is growing in the Asia-Pacific region and there has been an increase in income inequality in many major economies including India, China and Indonesia, a UN-ESCAP report has said.
“Inequality is…key socio-economic challenge for the region. At the national level, there has been an increase in income inequality in many major economies in recent decades,” said the report of United Nations – Economic and Social Commission for Asia and Pacific.
“Widening income gaps across societies and within communities are the consequence of a series of factors,” it added.
The Gini coefficient – a measure of income inequality – between early 1990s and late 2000s increased from 30.8 to 33.9 in India; 32.4 to 42.1 in China and in Indonesia it increased from 29.2 to 38.1, the report said.
However, during the same period the coefficient decreased in countries such as Cambodia, Kyrgyzstan, Malaysia, Nepal, Philippines, Thailand and Uzbekistan.
Weaker labour market institutions, inadequate social protection systems, poor-quality education, inadequate access to credit and land and excessive asset concentration are among the factors for widening income gaps, the report said.
“The gap between rich and poor is widespread in the region and continuing to grow in many countries…the poorest 20 per cent of the population accounts for less than 10 per cent of national income,” it said.
UN-ESCAP conducted the study for about 40 countries in the Asia-Pacific region.
The ultra-high net worth individuals (UHNWIs) in the regions shows that persons with a net worth of USD 30 million or more accounted for 30 per cent of the region’s income in 2012-13, the report said.
“This shows that wealth concentration is a major characteristic of income inequality. The region had around 49,000 persons (0.001 per cent of Asia-Pacific population in 2013) classed as UHNWIs, with about USD 7.5 trillion of net wealth in 2012-13,” it added.
The wide gap in national income held by the ultra-rich and the poor is striking, the report said.
“It has been observed that the wealth-income ratio is rising due to the growing share of capital in national income, which is further exacerbating the inequality gap between the top 1 per cent of the population and the poorest 20 per cent.”
In addition to vertical inequality among individuals, there have also been widening horizontal disparities,
especially between rural and urban areas, as well as between coastal regions and the interior.
“This is particularly worrying for large multiracial countries with significant regional variations, since it can trigger social and political instability,” the report added.

Arsenal look for revenge against Chelsea; Liverpool want Mario Balotelli to pull up his socksPrint
Press Trust of India | London | Posted: October 3, 2014 5:06 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 5:08 pm
Arsenal have “a big hunger” to avenge their crushing defeat against Chelsea in March, a humiliation that Arsene Wenger said on Friday he and his club would never forget.
The Arsenal manager seeks his first victory over a Jose Mourinho-managed club in a dozen attempts in Sunday’s big Premier League derby and the Frenchman admitted that last season’s 6-0 mauling at Stamford Bridge, which marred his 1,000th game in charge, had left an indelible mark.
“We will never forget last year at Chelsea and we have an opportunity to put it right,” Wenger told a news conference before the return to Stamford Bridge. “We have a big hunger to put that right.
“Last year’s slow start exposed us to counter-attacks. It was a very bad memory but football is not made of history, it’s about performance.”
With six points separating Arsenal from top-of-the-table Chelsea, Wenger said winning on Sunday was “vital” if his side was to stay in the Premier League race.
Arsenal’s midweek Champions League trouncing of Galatasaray, he said, had been good for the confidence of the team. “We want to go to Chelsea to win. The fact they are six points ahead makes that desire even bigger.
“We are both still unbeaten (in the Premier League) but I feel we have had a more difficult run than them. It’s a vital game for us to stay in the race.”
As for the personal rivalry with Mourinho and the statistic he must hate being brought up — 11 matches versus the Portuguese, and no wins — Wenger said: “He has always had fantastic teams. It’s not a game between two managers, it’s a game about clubs.”
Much hype will also surround the appearance of the former Arsenal favourite Cesc Fabregas, who has been flourishing for Chelsea since his move from Barcelona. Wenger has urged Arsenal fans to give the Spaniard a warm welcome.
“Everyone respects Cesc here and I want him to get the reception he deserves on Sunday,” said Wenger. “Cesc Fabregas will have a great career because he’s a  great player. He knows Arsenal had a positive influence on his career.
“I have no animosity against Fabregas. He’s a player I love but he made a decision and we have to accept that.”
Wenger also knocked down newspaper reports that Aaron Ramsey could be sidelined with his hamstring injury until December, saying: “I’ve been told he could be out for three to four weeks, so I count four.”
Baotelli needs to score: Brendan Rodgers
Manager Brendan Rodgers has ended whatever honeymoon period new striker Mario Balotelli was enjoying at Anfield, telling him he needs to start scoring goals after finding the net just once in seven appearances for Liverpool.
The Italian has the chance to do that when revitalised West Bromwich Albion visit Anfield on Saturday after an ineffective display in Liverpool’s 1-0 defeat at Basel in the Champions League on Wednesday.
He badly needs the goals and Liverpool, who narrowly missed out on the Premier League title last season, badly need continued…
We will never forget last year at Chelsea and we have an opportunity to put it right

PM Narendra Modis visit re-energises India-US ties: White HouseModi met Obama at the White House this week and held talks on strengthening the bilateral ties. (Source: AP photo)
Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: October 3, 2014 4:26 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 5:36 pm
Describing the just concluded US visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi as extraordinarily successful, the White House has said that his meeting with President Barack Obama has re-energised the strategic relationship between the two largest democracies of the world.
“In sum, I would say that the assessment on our part is that the Prime Minister’s visit was extraordinarily successful. It has provided a boost in terms of the vision and focus that we have for our bilateral relations ,” Phil Reiner, Senior Director for India at the National Security Council, told a select group of foreign correspondents here.
“We’re excited to be moving forward with a re-energised strategic partnership. The US continues to strongly support a prosperous India that plays an important role in the global stage, and I think the Prime Minister’s visit really provided the opportunity for the two leaders to discuss that vision that’s necessary in order to set the framework under which we are going to operate going forward,” Reiner said.
Modi met Obama at the White House this week and held talks on strengthening the bilateral ties.
Obama hosted Modi for a private dinner at the White House and the next day the two leaders met at the Oval Office. He also joined Modi when the latter visited the Martin Luther King Jr Memorial soon after their meeting.
“This visit in some ways went a long ways towards re-energising and re-launching the bilateral relationship. It’s a relationship that fundamentally is not just government-to-government. It extends across all aspects of American society, American private sector, and engages the Indian society writ large and the Indian private sector, civil society, academic sector,” said Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asia Nisha Desai Biswal.
“That informed the nature of the conversations and it also informed the nature of the initiatives and the agenda between the two countries of how to harness this very rich set of connections between our two countries towards achieving shared objectives,” she said.
“So it was quite refreshing and energising to both leaders that the Prime Minister shared his very robust vision for India’s transformation, and he talked about the kinds of things that he would like to be working on over his tenure, which I think resonated with the President, resonated certainly with Secretary (of State John) Kerry and all of us who had the opportunity to engage on that,” Biswal said.
Biswal said both the leaders discussed the true test is not the launching of these initiatives, but the next six months, 12 months, 18 months of implementation, and the desire for both sides to really redouble their efforts at taking what was launched and moving it in the form of concrete actions.
“That’s what continued…

US trade deficit drops to $40.1 billion in A...You are here: Home > Collections
US trade deficit drops to $40.1 billion in August
AP Oct 3, 2014, 06.37PM IST
(The US trade deficit shrank…)
WASHINGTON: The US trade deficit shrank for the fourth straight month in August, falling to the lowest level since January as exports rose to an all-time high.
The Commerce Department says the deficit dropped 0.5 per cent in August to $40.1 billion, compared to a revised $40.3 billion in July.
Exports increased 0.2 per cent to a record $198.5 billion, aided by increased sales of petroleum, telecommunications equipment and industrial engines. Imports also rose by a smaller 0.1 per cent to $238.6 billion.
Even with the falling deficit the past four months, the imbalance so far this year is running 4.2 per cent higher than the same period in 2013. A larger deficit acts as a drag on the economy because it means more money going to foreign companies.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pakistani troops violate ceasefire on 3rd su...Pakistani troops violate ceasefire on third successive day
PTI Oct 3, 2014, 06.16PM IST
Tags:
Ceasefire
(Pakistani troops resorted…)
JAMMU: Pakistani troops targeted Indian Forward Posts along the Line of Control (LoC) in Poonch district of Jammu and Kashmir on the third successive day today, drawing retaliation from Indian troops.
"There was a ceasefire violation by Pakistani troops in Poonch sector. Pakistani troops resorted to small arms and mortar shelling along LoC in Sabjian around 1400 hours today," a senior Army officer said.
Indian troops effectively retaliated resulting in exchanges of gun fire which continued till 1530 hours today, he said.
No one was injured when the last reports came. This is the fourth ceasefire violation in past three days. There were three ceasefire violations in Sabjian and Mandi sub-sectors in Poonch and one in Forward Area in Kashmir Valley on October 1.
Pakistani troops resorted to heavy firing by small arms and automatic weapons and shelling of 81 mm mortar bombs in two forward sub-sector of Sabjian and Mandi along LoC in Poonch district on the intervening night of October 1 and 2.
They also targeted civilians living in border hamlets of Gigriyal and Uripura along LoC, police officials said.
Six persons including 2 women were injured in the attack. This month's ceasefire violations came after a gap of one month and four days along Indo-Pak border in Jammu and Kashmir.
Pakistan Rangers had resorted to unprovoked firing by automatic machine guns on the intervening night of August 26 and 27 on Indian BOPs located in Pragwal area of Akhnoor tehsil of Jammu.
In a bid to defuse border tension triggered by 45 days of firing and shelling by Pakistani troops, the longest since 1971 war, India and Pakistan on August 29 held a crucial Sector Commander (DIG-Brigadier) level flag meeting on Octerio BoP in R S Pura sector to decide to maintain peace and tranquillity by silencing guns.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Most expensive house (we could get into): Alpharetta  Ga.
Kanakbhai  i am surprised no one has attacked you so far when ev...Platinum Member
257 Followers
raj jain said they have already cracked into a large payments gateway i am speculating that RUPAYE payment gateway acquisition may be announced shortly may be after results that should result in a upper circuit if it is indeed true.
raj jain only said without giving away anything that the growth would be healthy double digits but when most of people are punting and expecting a e.p.s. of 55 to 60 rupees even 50 would count as under performance and that is what worries most people why have sky high expectations ?
i you were holding many shares @ what level is the cautious selling in your book if u want to reduce R.S. SOFTWARE to equal weight in your portfolio from over weight?

What are u talking about promoters reduced holding by 5% but instutio...Repost
Guest
This stock is related to oil prices which has dropped substantially hence corrected so much. At this prices exploration is not viable and possibility of rig demand will drop along with the day rate. Let oil prices stabilise at lower level. At that time u may buy in good qty.
10.07 AM Oct 2nd

Looking oversold at these levels.if co. has funds to pay penalty then ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

With indian markets closed for a very long period  sgx is solely affec...Replies (3)
Guest
Everything in Indian markets is always decided by what is happening in USA and its markets. That is why India is driven into worse conditions of inflation due to excess infusion of liquidity by main foreign player (needs no introduction). Everything in India keeps getting expensive and makes life of common man more and more difficult. This is due to Western infusion of liquidity affecting lifestyle even outside stock market. Idea is to destroy India from ever getting up by excess infusion of liquidity. I hope everyone understands this sooner than later. Last 3 years is solid proof
6.12 AM Oct 5th

Win McNamee / Getty Images
Zeckendorf Development
Paratroopers and Politiciansreddit
Well after midnight on a recent hot night, John Cvikota, a lean, 26-year-old Chicagoan, strapped on a hundred pounds of gear (helmet, body armor, weapons, ammunition, rations and water, parachute, safety chute, radio, combat first aid kit, gas mask), waddled out onto the runway with 64 other paratroopers, clambered up the rear ramp of a C-130 cargo plane and squeezed into the canvas sling seats along the fuselage.
After the ramp went up and the C-130 trundled out onto the runway and labored into the air, it got really hot. One paratrooper slumped over as a heat casualty and was dragged into a corner and treated by a medic.
The battalion's first casualty, Cvikota thought, and they hadn't even gotten to the fight yet. They were headed into 12 days of intense war games at the Army's Joint Readiness Training Center in Louisiana. The training is to prepare the 82nd Airborne Division's 2nd Brigade Combat Team to fight in an area like Iraq and Syria against an enemy like ISIS -- in the event that things there spin out of control and the Obama administration's "no boots on the ground" policy becomes inoperative.
At a shouted command from the jumpmaster and blinking lights that signaled 10 minutes until the jump, Cvikota and the others staggered to their feet, each hooking up to a steel cable that would ensure their chutes were yanked open after they jumped. Many carried extra gear: a bulky radio, a mortar base plate or a machine gun barrel. All were struggling to remain upright under the weight. Sweat ran down their faces and soaked their body armor. Legs shook from the strain as the plane swayed toward the drop zone. "It was a nightmare," Cvikota said later.
One paratrooper's chute suddenly burst from his pack, a horrifying premature release. "People were freaking out," said Cvikota. Some, no doubt, were thinking of Sgt. Shaina B. Schmigel , a member of Cvikota's brigade who was killed during a training jump last May, an incident still under investigation.
When Cvikota could finally lean out the door and let his weight carry him off into the night, it was a relief, he said.
All this transpired the night before Congress fled from Washington to indulge in its fall campaign and vacation, without having bothered to debate or vote on war.
In mid-October the 2nd Brigade will become the core element of the U.S. Global Ready Force, on standing alert to assault into any trouble spot. Whether Congress debates it or not.
There has always been a vast gulf between those who practice politics and those who practice war. Part of that divide is defined by who's doing hands-dirty, grueling, up-all-night work. Paratroopers were training hard, living in the dirt, getting four hours of sleep a night if they were lucky. Congress was at home. And occasionally engaging in the kind of personal nastiness that wouldn't be tolerated in an airborne platoon.
I thought about that as I squatted down in the Louisiana woods to talk with Cvikota. Four days after his jump, he was standing chest-deep in a fighting position with his weapon aimed at the woodline, taking his turn on guard duty after having worked all night as the battalion's battle captain. That job requires organizing, coordinating and supervising all the missions underway. The previous night one of his platoons was hit by an IED and then small arms fire. The paratroopers, using blanks, fought their way clear. "Not a big deal," Cvikota said.
Then the enemy broke into a chemical weapons storage site. "That's when it got hectic," he said. "I work up the colonel for that."
I asked him what he thought about ISIS, about the beheadings of Americans they'd held hostage, and whether he was eager to go fight. He thought for a while. "We have a pretty aggressive mission," he said finally. "We jump into hostile territory when nobody else can get there. We work hard at that -- these paratroopers are working hard," he said, nodding at a line of weary, sweat-stained soldiers plodding in from a patrol.
Nobody wants war, he said. "But you want an opportunity to serve your country."
This post has been updated to correct the spelling of John Cvikota's name.
Follow David Wood on Twitter: www.twitter.com/woodwriter
More:

Look stunning this Durga Puja with expert make-up tipsShare 0
On the auspicious day of Ashtami, Bengali women offer prayers to Maa Durga and dress up to the hilt to celebrate the ongoing Durga Puja. The traditional attire which includes a stunning saree with heavy eye make-up, a big bindi and ornaments, is the norm for this day. Bengali or not, if you too wish to enjoy the festivitives of Durga Puja, here are tips to get your look right. 
Make-up 
For the day puja or one at home, it’s best to keep the look rather subtle. To stick to a simple and not-so-glam make-up, professional make-up and hairstylist Swati Dedhia explains, ‘Ensure your face is well-moisturised and clean, because it’s more about the natural look here. You could brush on some loose powder and highlight your cheek bones with a sheer blush for that radiant glow.
‘Since it is the day, the eye make-up shouldn’t be too dark or bright. For this, you can simply use the the sheer blush and apply it lightly for a thin coat of shimmer as an eyeshadow. Then, use the eyeliner or kajal pencil to shape your eyes well. Use a red lip colour or a shade of nude on the lips.’
If you are attending a Durga Puja in the evening, then your make-up and hair are bound to be heavy. As for heavy traditional make-up, your eyes have to be given the most attention. Swati suggests, ‘You could use warm shades of eyeshadows with gold, copper, bronze, for a heavy look. However, the most important thing is to shape your eyes well with kajal or eyeliner on the eyelids.The best way to make your eyes look bigger is by extending the tip while applying the eyeliner from the corner of your eye. This defines your eyes better and looks great for a traditional look. You cold use the classic red lipstick or try on a plum red.’
Hairdo
‘You should be particular about the way your hair looks for this festive occasion. To be hassle-free and simple, just pin your hair into a neat bun and wear a fresh gajra. You could choose to leave out a few strands of hair near your face and curl them. Or simply puff and back comb the front of your hair and pin it tightly,’ says Swati. 
If you want to try out something other than a basic hair bun, then opt for a messy bun that looks modern and will blend in well making a good combination with the rest of the ethnic look.  Swati suggests, ‘Another style you can try out is with a bun behind but with a twist in the front section of the hair. You could braid your hair from one ear to another into a regular plate or a French braid. For this, begin with side parting your hair and braid the hair from either sides, and move to the other. Then take the rest of the hair and tie it into a neat bun. Secure the bun section with pins.’
Traditional attire
Your look is going to be a miss if you don’t pick a cotton, silk or the traditional tant saree. You could stick to the classic red and white colours but if you are in a mood to experiment then look for borders in bright colours like pink, yellow, green or orange. 
There is nothing like it if you can manage wearing the traditional red and white Bengali saree with puffed sleeves. Or traditional silk borders against basic or neutral colours would look elegant as well. Ensure your saree is well-ironed as a creased one will only look shabby and spoil the appearance of your attire. You could also wear a printed ethnic blouse or opt for bold dark colours in contrasting colour of your saree. 
To keep the ethnic look in tact, don’t forget to wear a big bindi. A basic maroon or red one will do the trick. Wearing a bindi also helps draw attention to your eyes. For a more grand look, you could wear a maang tika, one with a single band or a tri-band covering the sides of your head. Many married women also wear sindoor in addition to the bindi to add an ethnic touch. 
Image source: Bollywoodlife.com 

4 Ways to Never Pay ATM Fees Ever Again4 ways to never pay ATM fees ever again
Ben Popken TODAY
Email
Justin Sullivan / Getty Images
A customer uses an ATM at a Bank of America branch office on April 17, 2013 in San Francisco, California.
If you've been feeling like your bank is nickel-and-diming you, you're wrong. You should be counting in five-dollar bills. But you can avoid costly bank ATM fees with a little strategy.
According to a new Bankrate survey , the average ATM withdrawal fee is $4.35, up 5 percent from last year. That's up from $1.97 in 2008, and 89 cents in 1989.
Banks say they're trying to claw back the fixed costs of maintaining their ATM networks while the number of customers generating out of network fees has gone down.
But as long as you pay attention, you don't to have to be the one helping them with your own paycheck.
Here are four tips from the experts to avoid ATM fees. 
Switch to a bank that refunds ATM fees
Zero ATM fee banks
If you're using a bank that doesn't credit back your ATM fees, you could be wasting upwards $200-$300 per year, said David Bach, Vice Chairman of Edelman Financial Services. For a brick and mortar bank that doesn't charge fees, check out a a few of the more "premium" checking accounts at TD Bank or a "performance select checking" account at PNC Bank. However, the former requires a monthly minimum balance of $2,500 or more to qualify for ATM reimbursements. The latter requires a monthly minimum balance of $5,000 , or the same amount in qualifying direct deposits, to avoid a $25 monthly surcharge.
Video: ATM and overdraft fees have surged to new heights, according to a new survey by Bankrate.
Online-only banks
Several online-only banks -- such as Ally, Simple and USAA -- also refund ATM fees, either unlimited or up to certain levels. Their lack of physical location may mean you'll want to hold onto your old bank as your primary account if you make cash deposits, but there are ways to get around that, like by buying prepaid cards at the drug store and transferring the balance into your account.
Brokerage firm accounts
Investment and brokerage firms also often offer money market accounts that reimburse ATM fees. Examples here include Charles Schwab, E*trade and Fidelity. Again, minimum balances of $1,000 or more may be required to open an account or to stay eligible for getting your ATM fees back.
Overhauling your banking can be a hassle, but it can be worth it to dodge the withdrawal dings. "The bank I bank with today got me as a customer specifically because they credit back ATM fees," said Bach.
For more options, check out the FatWallet personal finance forum's running list of banks that reimburse ATM fees .
But for folks living paycheck to paycheck and without any savings cushion, they're going to have to stay on their toes a little more to avoid ATM fees.
Stay in your bank's network
If you have a big bank, only go to their ATMs. Otherwise you're likely to rack up an out-of-network fee. To make it easier, these big banks like Bank of America, Chase and Citi all have apps to find the nearest in-network ATM.
Similarly, smaller banks often belong to a larger network, such as the surcharge-free Allpoint. And nearly half of all credit unions and co-ops are part of the Co-Op network. Flip over your card and if the logo on the back matches the one on the machine, there's no withdrawal fee. For the most up-to-date locations of fee-free ATMs, both Allpoint's site and Co-Op's site offer web locators and downloadable apps.
"The good news is these ATM networks are bigger than ever," said Greg McBride, Bankrate's Chief Financial Analyst. "So staying within your network is easier than it's ever been."
Withdraw less frequently
A common sense way to avoid fees from ATMs is to simply use them less often. "People tend to go to the ATM daily," said Bach. "They're basically pulling money out for the day, then get hit with a fee every day." 
Instead, experts say, make fewer visits.
"I try to limit my trip to the ATM to once a week," said CNBC Personal Finance Correspondent Sharon Epperson. "Limiting my ATM use also helps me budget. I take out just enough cash for the week."
Video: ShopSmart magazine’s Lisa Lee Freeman explains how you can avoid paying extra in bank fees by using credit cards, switching banks and reading the fine print in bank mailings.
Get cash back at checkout, but watch out for fees
Skip the ATM entirely and just buy with your debit card something you were already going to buy at drug store or grocery store. At checkout, ask for "cash back" and they'll simply hand you the amount you ask for, usually up to $50 or $100.
It's a little extra work but "it's tantamount to a free ATM," said McBride.
That's as long as the store doesn't charge cash back fees, as some dollar stores have. Make sure to first ask the clerk if there are any, and also watch the signature capture device to see if you're agreeing to any fees there too.
While ATM fees may look like just a few bucks here and there when you need to grab cash for the day or the night out, they can quickly add up. But if you're mindful, you can save.
"They keep your money for free and then charge you $4 to get your money back," said Bach. "People don't consider how much this costs in terms of percentages."
Tags:

Verizon Cancels Plan to Throttle Heavy 4G Data Users
We Should Be Protesting  Tooreddit
This week, tens of thousands of Hong Kong residents turned out to protest China's plan for bringing democracy to that city. Rather than letting voters pick the candidates that get to run for chief executive, Beijing wants the candidates selected by a 1,200 person "nominating committee." Critics charge the committee will be "dominated by a pro-Beijing business and political elite." "We want genuine universal suffrage," Martin Lee, founding chairman of Hong Kong's Democratic Party demanded, "not democracy with Chinese characteristics."
But there's not much particularly Chinese in the Hong Kong design, unless Boss Tweed was an ancient Chinese prophet. Tweed famously quipped, "I don't care who does the electing, so long as I get to do the nominating." Beijing's proposal is just Tweedism updated: a multi-stage election, with a biased filter at the first stage.
The pattern has been common in America's democracy too. Across the Old South, the Democratic Primary was limited to "whites only." That bias produced a democracy responsive to whites -- only. The battle for equal rights was a fight to remove that illegitimate bias, and give African Americans an equal say in their government.
Today there's no "white primary." Today, there's a "green primary." To run in any election, primary or general, candidates must raise extraordinary sums, privately. Yet they raise that money not from all of us. They raise it from a tiny, tiny few. In the last non-presidential election, only about .05 percent of America gave the maximum contribution to even one congressional candidate in either the primary or general election; .01 percent gave $10,000 or more; and in 2012, 132 Americans gave 60 percent of the superPAC money spent. This is the biased filter in the first stage of our American democracy.
This bias has consequences. Of course, we don't have a democracy "dominated by a pro-Beijing business and political elite." But as a massive empirical study by Princeton's Martin Gilens and Benjamin I. Page published just last month shows, remove the word "pro-Beijing," and the charge translates pretty well.
America's government is demonstrably responsive to the "economic elite and organized business interests," Gilens and Page found, while "the preferences of the average American appear to have only a minuscule, near-zero, statistically non-significant impact upon public policy." Boss Tweed would have been impressed.
The "green primary" isn't a formal bar to election. But it is certainly an effective bar. There isn't a single political analyst in America today who doesn't look first to whether a candidate for Congress has the necessary financial support of the relevant funders. That money isn't enough, and it certainly doesn't guarantee victory. (Only 94 percent of candidates with more money win.) But no candidate ignores the money, or is ignorant of the views of the tiny fraction of the 1 percent that provides it. That's not perfect control, but it turns out to be control enough to weaken the ability of ordinary Americans to have something other than a "non-significant impact upon public policy."
The surprise in the Hong Kong plan is not that it fits Boss Tweed's mold. The surprise is the reaction of her students, and now people. To imagine a proportionate number of Americans -- 5 million -- striking against our own version of Tweedism is to imagine the first steps of a revolution. But in America, we don't protest our "democracy with Chinese characteristics." In America, we have accepted it as as American as apple pie.
At least for now. There is no doubt that because of the way we fund campaigns, the "economic elite" -- what conservatives call "the cronies" and progressives "corporate power" -- have hijacked American democracy. And as frustration and anger about that truth grows, that elite will become as the whites of an apartheid regime: identified as the cause of a dying democracy, and the target of angry demands for reform.
It is hard to see this just now, since so much of popular culture idolizes extraordinary wealth. But as economic growth in the middle class stalls, and as inequality soars, an enemy will be found. At least unless the more enlightened of that elite, from both the Left and the Right, stop screaming at voters through their superPACs, and step up to support the change that might weaken their power, but walk us back to a democracy.
Hong Kong's students have started that struggle -- for them, there. But their ideals are ours too, as is the flaw in the system they attack. We should be demanding the reform for which they are now fighting: an unbiased election, at every important stage. Or more simply: #EndTweedismEverywhere.
Lawrence Lessig is a professor of law at Harvard, and co-founder of Mayday.US.
Follow Lawrence Lessig on Twitter: www.twitter.com/lessig
More:

ICICI Bank asked to pay over Rs 1L for negligence in servicesNew Delhi, October 2, 2014
Updated: October 2, 2014 17:47 IST
ICICI Bank asked to pay over Rs 1L for negligence in services
PTI
economy, business and finance
Bank Ltd has been asked by an apex consumer commission to pay a compensation of over Rs. one lakh to a Punjab-based family for charging interest on home loan at much higher rates, saying it was "negligent in rendering services".
National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (NCDRC), presided by Justice V K Jain, asked the bank to pay Rs. 1.05 lakh to Dutta family, residents of Mohali, who had availed the loan from the bank in 2005.
"Since admittedly, the bank charged interest higher...it was clearly negligent in rendering services to complainants and, therefore, the order passed by the state commission does not call for any interference," the bench said.
Dattas had availed the home loan of Rs. 13, 35,100 from the bank in 2005 and further an additional loan of Rs. three lakh.
In their complaint, they had said that instead of charging interest at the agreed rate, the bank had charged the same at much higher rate.
Aggrieved by this, they filed a complaint before district consumer forum, alleging deficiency in the service provided to them by the bank.
The bank, however, had contended before the forum that the loan was sanctioned on the floating rate of interest, which could be enhanced as per the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India and in accordance with the agreement between the parties.
The forum, however, had directed bank to charge interest from the complainant at the previous rate. Being aggrieved by the forum's order, the bank filed an appeal before the Chandigarh State Consumer Commission.
The state commission though permitted the bank to vary the rate but held that it had enhanced it on wrong parameters and asked the bank to pay Rs. one lakh to the complainant, along with cost of litigation amounting to Rs. 5,000.
Thereafter, the bank approached NCDRC against the state commission's order.

Why Cant States Do More to Protect Patients From Surprise Medical BillsSometimes the bill is worse than the illness.
Photo by Jupiterimages/Thinkstock
Let’s say you’re pregnant. You’ve had months to plan the delivery and pick an in-network OB-GYN practice and a convenient hospital that’s covered by your health insurance. The big day comes, you rush over to the ward, and your child is born without incident. Everyone goes home happy.
Jordan Weissmann
Jordan Weissmann is Slate's senior business and economics correspondent.
Until the bill arrives. It turns out that while you were in throes of labor, the hospital sent an out-of-network anesthesiologist to handle your epidural. Nobody told you at the time. Now he’s asking for thousands of dollars that you can’t spare.
In a sane health care system, this wouldn’t happen. But in the U.S., it can and does. Americans regularly visit doctors’ practices and hospitals that accept their insurance, only to find themselves ambushed by surprise medical bills from out-of-network physicians who somehow played a role in their treatment, as Elisabeth Rosenthal’s recent reporting in the New York Times has detailed. It happens in operating rooms and emergency rooms. And there’s not much that patients can do about it.
Advertisement
But can’t lawmakers do something about it?
“It’s hard,” says Jack Hoadley, a research professor at Georgetown University’s Health Policy Institute. Surprise medical bills are an old issue, yet the Affordable Care Act mostly ignored them. Just a fraction of states have passed laws to protect patients in these circumstances, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation , and some of those statutes are extremely narrow in scope.
The problem, according to Hoadley, is that it’s incredibly difficult to make insurers and health providers reach a compromise on how much out-of-network doctors should be paid. Some patient advocates hope that a new law that will soon go into effect in New York state could serve as a national model for how to strike the right balance. But just like most obviously outrageous problems in the U.S. health care system that make you pine for a life in Canada, surprise medical bills don’t have a simple solution.
To understand why surprise medical bills pose such a policy conundrum, start with some basics. Hospitals accept insurance plans for the doctors they directly employ. But most doctors are not employed by their hospitals. Instead, they’re independent contractors who are free to pick and choose which health plans they participate in. So while an orthopedic surgeon might take your Aetna PPO, the neurosurgeon or the anesthesiologist might not. When multiple doctors get pulled into a procedure or are called on to assess a patient, some may not accept the same insurance.
Because doctors and insurers won’t compromise on payments, states can’t work out political solutions.
Plus, many emergency rooms are themselves independent contractors: Patients in need of urgent care may arrive knowing the hospital is in-network, but unaware that the ER doc they’re seeing isn’t. The health plan will pay whatever amount it sets for out-of-network providers, and the balance of the doctor’s hefty fee falls to the unlucky patient, who probably never saw the bills coming. Or, in nonemergency cases, maybe she did see the bill coming but had no way of heading it off. (My eight-months-pregnant editor has asked her insurance company, her doctor’s practice, and the hospital where she plans to give birth how she can ensure that her anesthesiologist—should she need one—will be in-network, and the collective response has taken the form of a baffled shrug.)
 “It’s a pretty good bet that if you’re hospitalized or having any kind of surgery, somebody along the way who touches you or your slides or films will not be in-network,” Karen Pollitz, a senior fellow at the Kaiser Family Foundation, once told Bloomberg .
Patching up these network gaps is complicated, and the most straightforward solutions are nonstarters. For instance, we could demand that all doctors in a hospital accept the same suite of insurance plans. But hospitals fear that such a requirement would make it harder to recruit physicians, especially in parts of the country where doctors are in short supply. Another idea: We could ask hospitals themselves to make sure, whenever possible, that patients are treated by in-network doctors. But when a Texas commission considered this seemingly straightforward concept , it concluded that technological limitations and the rapid mutations of doctors’ schedules from hour to hour would make it impossible.
So what have states actually tried? Texas attempted to make information about which doctors are in- and out-of-network more transparent to consumers, which has been largely ineffective. Colorado and Maryland have passed more serious protections, which force at least some insurers to pay surprise out-of-network charges; in these cases, patients are simply billed as if they were in-network. 
The big question is: How much should insurers pay? Health plans don’t want to shell out too much. Health providers don’t want to be paid too little. And as Hoadley and his Georgetown colleague Kevin Lucia wrote in a report for the California HealthCare Foundation , finding a happy medium is tricky. In Colorado the law is set up so insurance companies essentially end up paying whatever out-of-network doctors decide to bill. Since non-network physicians are guaranteed a nice payday, they have less incentive to participate in health plans, or to accept discounted fees if they do, which drives up the cost of insurance for everybody.
Maryland has the opposite issue. There, HMOs pay out-of-network doctors standardized reimbursement rates. Physicians say those rates are far too low—which might seem like a minor policy concern, unless you’re worried about doctors moving to other markets.
Because doctors and insurers are loath to compromise on payments, states have a hard time working out political solutions to protect patients. The aforementioned Texas commission, which included representatives from both health insurers and medical providers, was so contentious that its final report failed to make any recommendations. “No one wanted to be the first one to budge,” commission member Dianne Longley told me.
A law passed this year in New York , however, is giving some policy advocates hope. Much like Maryland and Colorado, it requires health plans, not patients, to cover surprise out-of-network bills. But the law, which goes into effect next year, comes with a twist: If the medical provider and insurer can’t agree on a fee, it sends them into a baseball-style arbitration, in which each side makes an offer and a mediator chooses the fee.
“One of the advantages of arbitration may be that health plans and providers get more realistic about the kinds of fees they charge to patients,” says Chuck Bell, programs director at Consumers Union, which lobbied for the bill. “We hope it will calm down the markets and get everybody to be more sensible about surprise bills.”
Top Comment
I have a boring solution - single payer system, were we don't have to deal with issues of insurance coverage.   More...
-ruby_red
Join In
Why was New York able to take action where other states have not? One big factor was Gov. Andrew Cuomo, who began investigating issues surrounding insurers and payments to out-of-network doctors back when he was state attorney general, securing a $95 million settlement in one case. In 2012 the state’s Department of Financial Services also produced a long report on the problem of surprise medical bills, which helped drive attention to the issue; advocacy groups ran a grassroots campaign in which thousands of New Yorkers contacted their state legislators.
Policymakers are already taking notice of New York’s progress, Bell says—he recently hosted a conference call with 50 regulators from other states about the law. “If you put a human face on this issue, it becomes irresistible,” he says. “Politicians don’t want to say no to people who have had this experience. If we can light that fire in other parts of the country, patients can win this sort of protection.”

5 reasons why men fall in love with older women5 Reasons Why Men Fall in Love With Older Women
Bollywoodshaadis.com –  Tue 30 Sep, 2014 4:01 AM IST
Share 0
A ‘May-December' romance usually takes most of us by an element of surprise. It talks about a relationship in which one partner is in the winter of his life, while the other is in the youthful spring. In simpler terms, it talks about the relationship with unsual age inequality among the couple. We are accustomed to see a young woman falling for an older man. However, when the reverse equation of a younger man and older woman comes in front of us, we raise our eyebrows.
But if Bollywood statistics are anything to go by, then a cougar relationship- wherein the man is younger than the woman- is not only successful, but is also sustainable. From the likes of Farhan Akhtar to Abhishek Bachchan, many Bollywood stars have found their love in older women. So, let us explore the reasons that make men allured towards older women. 
#1. Respectful and responsible
A prominent psychiatrist, Sanjay Chugh feels that, “Just as a woman would look for a father figure or fulfil her needs for protection in an older man, a man would look for a mother figure or fulfil his needs for tender care and love in an older woman.” 
Thus an older woman will be nurturing as well as be an epicentre of strength in the times of difficulties. As she has more experiences of life than her partner, her right guidance in tough situations will make him feel more confident.
These legendary actors were probably the first in Bollywood to set an example in this context as Nargis was a year older than Sunil Dutt
#2. Gratifying intimacy
As per various studies, it is found that women reach their sexual peak quite later in life as compared to men. In addition, they still look young and hot at that age. On the other hand, older women find young men energetic and more dynamic. This results in an extraordinarily fulfilling physical intimacy. And, this is also a reason most men fall for older women.
Must Read:  How Sex can Make You Look More Beautiful
Farah Khan and Shirish Kunder (left) have an age difference of eight years, Farhan Akhtar and Adhuna Babhani (bottom-right) have the difference of six years, whereas Archana and Parmeet (top-right) have the difference of seven years. But, this age disparity never seemed to have affetced their relationships. 
#3. Women age gracefully
It is true that everyone gets better with age and so does women. According to Atul Verma, a clinical psychologist, “Younger people usually are drawn to older people because they are more mature- and more successful.” As a woman gains experience in life, she becomes more contented. This also inculcates in her a certain degree of financial and emotional stability. This is perhaps the most important factor why a man gets attracted to her.
Read the love story of another celeb couple who set the example of such relationship:  The Love Story of Anjali and Sachin Tendulkar
Despite having an age difference of two years, Mehr Jessia and Arjun Rampal (right) truly exemplify the statement 'love knows no barriers' 
#4. Strike a better chord
The most striking aspect of any relationship is the communication between the partners. An older woman, who indulges in intelligent conversations, can make a young man go head over heels. This aptly explains, why a happy-go-lucky Ranbir Kapoor gets charmed by much older and ambitious Konkana Sen Sharma in the movie Wake Up Sid. An older woman can not only connect well with her man, but she can also be the one who is more caring, compromising and understanding for her partner.
Don't Miss:  7 Things Men Should Stop Doing after Becoming Husbands
#5. Age is just a number
In today’s world it is impossible to determine someone’s age. Those whom you may think are in their late thirties, might actually be forty plus. Also, you never ask someone’s age before falling in love, right? Hence, the relationships wherein women are older than their partners, are as justified as the reverse ones.
The power couple of Bollywood- Abhishek Bachchan (left) is two years younger than Aishwarya Rai; Another couple- Shilpa Shetty and Raj Kundra (right) have the age difference of three months
Recommended Read: Best Skin Care Tips for Women to Look Gorgeous in their 30s
Life coach Malti Bhojwani, comments on this newly found trend by saying, "What I have noticed is that women in their 30s are breaking away from set society norms and are going out with men who are younger than them." With so many examples already set by the Bollywood couples, we can easily state that love has nothing to do with the age. 
TOP STORIES TODAY

The market for trucks is booming. Is that what Elon Musk is aiming for with the DDespite all the hubbub surrounding Elon Musk's cryptic Tesla announcement , we have a week to go until the company lifts the veil on the "D." What is the D, exactly, and what's the other thing Musk mentioned but didn't mention ?
According to one analyst, the D may be a truck.
What? You may be thinking. Trucks aren't futuristic. Or sports-car sexy. Maybe not, but there's no denying that trucks are a huge part of the U.S. auto market. So far this year, manufacturers have moved over 1.6 million new trucks off the lot — a 4.4 percent increase over this time last year and more than double the number of mid-sized SUVs. A market this large wasn't going to escape Musk's gaze for very long.
How about the technical challenges?
"In theory, [building an electric truck] is a very demanding thing," said Karl Brauer, a senior analyst at Kelley Blue Book. "When I first heard it, I thought, 'It's silly.'"
Designing an energy efficient truck is hard enough with traditional technology. Everything's heavier compared to a sedan. It needs to be more durable. If you're carrying a load in the back, that raises the power requirements even more. Can Tesla's technology take it? Brauer now seems to think so.
"Under certain circumstances, trucks make perfect sense," Brauer said. "First of all, no one's done an electric truck — and you know how [Musk] loves to be the first do something."
Indeed. In a recent interview with CNN Money, Musk dropped another bombshell: By next year, Tesla vehicles may be capable of doing 90 percent of their travel autonomously. The announcement is a shot across the bow at Google and other manufacturers who've spent years publicly refining their designs.
"A #Tesla car next year will be 90% capable of auto-pilot" @elonmusk tells @rachcrane #autonymous https://t.co/eFDN3eRK40
Here's another reason a truck could make sense: It'd be the perfect tool for small, urban businesses that need to make deliveries within a compact radius of their brick-and-mortar home base.
"A truck with a 120-mile range? If it actually worked for their daily delivery schedule? You're good.
"'D' could stand for 'delivery,'" Brauer joked.
It could also stand for "drive" — as in all-wheel drive, something Musk has hinted may be coming in the Tesla Model S soon.
Have more to say about this topic? Join us today for our weekly Friday live chat, Switchback. We'll kick things off at 11 a.m. Eastern time. You can submit your questions now,  right here .
Brian Fung covers technology for The Washington Post.

The Double Edged Sword of Start-Up Weekendsreddit
After recently joining my first Start-Up weekend , I realized how the "start a company in 54-hours" format wasn't as appealing to me as I thought it would be.
Don't get me wrong. A lot of great things have been born out of these fast-paced weekends. These environments equip those with budding ideas with the right atmosphere to move forward, when they otherwise wouldn't have the resources or motivation to. A team that believes in the idea is formed and more minds come together to brainstorm. If the cultivated business plan passes through the watchful eye of the judges, prizes await for the further development of these products or for the growth of the team members. Whether you take that win or not, you receive bragging rights, a bigger network, guidance and mentoring, a great learning experience and a basket full of free goodies!
The biggest reason why I initially found this set-up attractive was because of the short timeframe that pushed participants to hustle. Quick iteration and cheap, lo-fi prototypes achieve results in the most efficient way. Eric Ries, author of The Lean Startup, calls this the Minimum Viable Product (MVP), the least amount of effort needed to run an experiment and get ample feedback.
I do not mean to diminish Start-Up weekend's positive outcomes in any way because my overall experience was great. I was surrounded by passionate minds and by an even more passionate leader. Thanks to an amazing team, we won the People's Choice Award and got some investors on board with our idea. We're currently moving forward with our project, which we hope will create a sustainable impact on the youth.
However, what concerned me about the concept was the lack of the user factor, the human core that should be guiding these innovations. This especially applied to ventures geared towards a social cause.
We separate the market from the user. The market is there to pay the big bucks. That's what most of these start-up companies cater to so they can gain points from the judges and potential investors they'll be pitching to. The users are the ones who use these products for their benefit. For example, you create an application that underprivileged students use to increase specific skills, but you market these to the teachers and schools that provide for them. In these weekends, we're forced to create our models for our market, but sometimes we forget about the real needs of the user.
These environments may have avenues for you to send out surveys, call significant people or visit a community. But, these are most often geared towards your marketing needs: statistics and records that you can put in your PowerPoint. The opportunities don't allow you to empathize enough with the people you're creating the product for. While this model makes sense in terms of practicality, the current format doesn't sit well for me.
I suppose I'm biased towards the concept of human-centered design (HCD). In this design process, the end users are given extensive attention through all stages. The first step always requires the designers to empathize with the user, in several such ways that go beyond mere surveys and interviews.
Tim Brown, CEO of IDEO and author of "Change by Design" writes, "We build these bridges of insight through empathy, the effort to see the world through the eyes of others, understand the world through their experiences and feel the world through their emotions."
For example, instead of asking people in a hospital how their experiences as patients are like, try pretending to be a patient yourself. Instead of getting a survey out about how people use a device, observe them in their natural habitat. Find ways to step into their shoes without disrupting their behavior to get genuine results. Several such methods can be found in the Stanford d.school Bootleg and other relevant sources.
As George Kembel of the Stanford d.school says, "Make the human element as important as the technical and business elements." Sustainability in business models should still be factored in but the humans behind the design should also be focused on extensively. Otherwise, if you continue to create without the user's best interests in mind, the product may go unused and innovation may be for naught.
If the users were more involved in the process of innovation for a product designed for their needs, if these weekends catered less to the "market-business-make a profit model," or if human-centered design were more a part of the process, then start-up weekends might have more of a potential to do the good that it hopes to achieve.
Follow Mikaela Reyes on Twitter: www.twitter.com/mhoreyes
More:

Should Non-Profits Focus Fundraising on the 1 Percentreddit
The Giving Pledge , a promise by the world's wealthiest individuals to give away at least 50 percent of their net worth to charity during their lifetimes, has garnered a great deal of attention.
Not only are billions of dollars going to worthy causes, but also visionaries from the worlds of technology and finance, including Warren Buffet, Michael Bloomberg, and Elon Musk, are coming together to discuss how to apply money and resources to some of the world's most serious and complex problems. The role that megabillionaires play in solving social problems through non-governmental organizations is undoubtedly critical to many causes. For many non-profits, however, billionaires, or even millionaires, may not be the only, or even the best, market to look to for a sustainable source of donations.
Mega-billionaires Warren Buffet and Bill Gates share a meal at the Hollywood Diner in Carter Lake, Iowa in March, where the idea for the Giving Pledge was born.
Instead, charities looking for new fundraising targets should act not like a sport fisherman looking to catch a blue marlin as a trophy, but rather like a fisherman looking to fill his boat with enough fish to feed his village. While expending the time and effort to catch one blue marlin, or to receive one $1 million donation at a gala, is certainly noteworthy, it may not be as resource-efficient as working to catch many more smaller fish, or $10 million in one dollar donations online. Non-profits that are either auctioning off valuable items and experiences or directly soliciting donations in order fundraise, should consider how much more they could raise if they extended their own nets to smaller metaphorical fish.
Casting a broader net leads to catching more fish.
When non-profits focus on the kinds of donors who can bid $3,460,000 on a steak at Smith & Wollensky with Warren Buffet , or $610,000 on a cup of coffee with Apple CEO Tim Cook , they are excluding more than 99 percent of the world's population. While this kind of individual, unrestricted donation would be a boon to any charitable organization, 10 million one dollar donations would provide the cause with an order of magnitude more funds.
With an individual median income in the United States of $26,989 ,100 percent of the population can afford to donate $1-$40 to a cause in which they believe. A strategy focused on just this sort of small donation is what helped Facebook co-founder Chris Hughes raise so much for Barak Obama's winning Presidential bid in 2008 .
The financial power of broadening one's socio-economic audience is also evident in fashion. Luxury groups including LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton and Kering (Gucci Group) were only able to build multibillion dollar global brands by being aspirational for the middle class. Louis Vuitton, for instance, never could have been successful by only marketing their bags to billionaires.
Crowds around the world line up to shop at Louis Vuitton.
This experience, coupled with my belief that there is no correlation between wealth and generosity, has helped me to look at social enterprise and non-profit fundraising differently. There are large segments of the global economy who could be giving back, who would like to be giving back, but are not being given enough opportunity or the correct incentives to do so. Charitable giving is a $316.23 billion sector of the U.S. economy. However, many charities only anticipate that 10-20 percent of this amount will stem from online donations .  The overwhelming success of sites like Kickstarter demonstrates that demographic groups not traditionally known for giving, such as young adults, can and will donate if it's made easy enough for them and they can see the impact of their contributions in an immediate way.
Similarly, efforts from such innovative organizations as the Eva Longoria Foundation illustrate how non-profits can successfully reach broader audiences with multilingual messaging strategies, diverse spokespeople, and a connection to popular culture (in Longoria's case effectively reaching the 37.7 million Americans who speak Spanish at home ).
The Pebble smart watch project raised over $10M on Kickstarter.
The Internet is the ideal place to create these kinds scalable fundraising models that cross cultures and leverage a powerful combination of factors. These factors include rapid message transmission through social networks, secure and low-fee payment processing through sites like Bitcoin and PayPal, attractive incentives to give, such as gamification or prizes that appeal to popular taste, and the capacity for donors to track their social impact. For these reasons, whether it is targeting millennials, minorities in the U.S., or global audiences, the future of philanthropy is based on small online donations rather than big offline ones.
By democratizing giving, we will not only raise more dollars for worthy causes, but we will also do more collective awareness and good will around key social issues. Millions of small donations creates a community around a cause in a way that one donation from a billionaire never could.
More:

Marine lost at sea after bailing from aircraft during near-crashBy Dan Lamothe October 2 Follow @danlamothe
An MV-22 Osprey launches from the flight deck of the amphibious assault ship USS Makin Island in August. Two Marines deployed on the ship bailed 0ut of an Osprey in the Persian Gulf on Wednesday after it experienced power problems, and one of them has not been recovered, Navy officials said. The search for him was unsuccessful and called off Thursday. (U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 2nd Class Christopher Lindahl/Released)
The Navy said Thursday it had called off a search for a Marine who had jumped from an MV-22 Osprey aircraft over the Persian Gulf after it briefly lost power, and he is now presumed dead.
The Navy had been searching for the Marine, a member of the Osprey’s crew, since the incident occurred Wednesday at 2:10 p.m. He and another member of the crew jumped from the Osprey when it appeared it would crash, but its pilot was able to regain control of it and land aboard the USS Makin Island, an amphibious assault ship, Navy officials said.
One Marine was recovered relatively quickly. The other was not, however, and the Navy and Marine Corps had been searching for him since with ships, aircraft and smaller boats. He has not been identified by the military yet.
Both Marines were members of the 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit of Camp Pendleton, Calif., which is in the Middle East as part of the three-ship, 4,00o-troop Makin Island Amphibious Ready Group. It is expected to be relieved soon by the Bataan ARG, a similar unit, as part of regular troop rotations.
The cause of the problem with the aircraft is unclear. The Marine Corps has been trying to shake off the reputation that the MV-22 is unreliable and difficult to fly after a troubled development history that included numerous deadly crashes.
The Osprey has become a workhorse since then, deploying to Iraq from 2007 to 2009 and to Afghanistan since. It also has been added to President Obama’s fleet of aircraft, Marine Corps Helicopter Squadron One, to fly support missions.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

EDUARDO MUNOZ / Reuters
Apple Asks Music Labels for Price Cut on StreamingThere are lots of music subscription services that let people listen to all the songs they want for $10 a month.
Apple thinks that price is too high.
Sources say Apple is talking to the big music labels about a new set of rights and features it would like to include in a revamped version of the Beats Music service it bought earlier this year. Among the things Apple wants is a new pricing structure that would allow it to sell the service for less than the $10 level it’s at now.
Discussions are in their early stages, sources say, and Apple isn’t planning on overhauling Beats Music until next year. Last month, Apple said a TechCrunch report that the company was planning to “shut down” Beats was not true . But people familiar with the company’s thinking said it might alter the service over time.
Apple spokesman Tom Neumayr declined to comment.
Getting the labels to sign off on a price cut will require some work on Apple’s part. After initially resisting the notion of subscriptions, in part because they worried all-you-can-eat services would cut down on CD and download sales, music executives eventually agreed to let services like Rhapsody, Spotify and most recently Beats offer all-you-can-stream services for $10 a month.
Now download sales are indeed dropping , while revenue from streaming services is picking up. But it’s unclear how much of the download decline should be attributed to subscription services like Spotify and Beats, and how much of it stems from the use of free services like YouTube, Pandora and even Apple’s own iTunes Radio.
Meanwhile, many music industry observers believe there is a limited pool of consumers willing to pay $10 a month to rent music — especially since few people spent that much money on music during the CD era .
Spotify, the world’s biggest on-demand subscription service, says it has more than 10 million paying users. But a recent survey suggested that only 25 percent of music streamers spent more than $10 on music every three months.
Additional reporting by Dawn Chmielewski.

Aldermore IPO targeting 800m valuationAldermore flotation targets £800m market capitalisation
By Claer Barrett
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/30343e76-4ac5-11e4-839a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Test cricket is slowly going to fizzle out  fears StraussUpdated: October 3, 2014 13:46 IST
Test cricket is slowly going to fizzle out, fears Strauss
PTI
Reuters Former England captain Andrew Strauss. File photo
TOPICS
cricket
Former England captain Andrew Strauss has said the skewed distribution of power among the India-led big three in ICC can lead to a situation in future when the “rich will only get richer and the poor poorer”.
Following the revamp in International Cricket Council, India, England and Australia now effectively runs the game’s apex body with the Asian giant being the wealthiest of the three boards on account of the massive interest cricket generates in the country.
“India can argue that they bring the most money into the game, and thus deserve more out of the precious ICC broadcasting rights, but skewing the distribution of the three boards that are already the most financially secure can only create a situation in which the rich get richer and the poor poorer,” Strauss said.
Strauss made his prediction in the upgraded paperback edition of his autobiography, ‘Driving Ambition’, published on Thursday.
Strauss feared that the Test cricket could “fizzle out” in the face of competition from Twenty20 tournaments such as the Indian Premier League.
“With only 10 teams playing Test cricket and four of those already struggling to stay competitive, the risk of the game degenerating to the extent that the result of many Test series is a foregone conclusion is both high and real,” Strauss wrote.
One of England’s most successful captains having led the country to two Ashes triumphs, Strauss added: “I can’t help feeling that we have already reached the tipping point as far as Test cricket is concerned.
“The teams will keep playing each other over the next eight years, but aside from iconic series like the Ashes or England v India, I fear that the game is slowly going to fizzle out as a mainstream attraction, especially away from the ‘big three’ nations.”
Strauss, who captained England in 50 of his 100 Tests, highlighted how viewing numbers for county T20 games now rival the five-day matches.
“Being at Headingley to watch the Test between England and Sri Lanka, and hearing that there was a bigger crowd at Lord’s to watch MCC v Hertfordshire, tells a story itself.
“Watching a Test match between the West Indies and New Zealand in an empty stadium with no more than a handful of spectators in attendance sends out warning signals.
“Seeing that the viewing figures for a county Twenty20 game rival those for a Test match adds to the growing perception that Test cricket is in crisis,” he said.
Considering the growing interest in the slam-bang format, the ex-England opener feels there will soon come a situation when the majority of players are contracted to T20 franchises with countries having to request their release.
“It is not a huge stretch of the imagination to see a situation in which most players will be contracted to franchises and play the majority of their cricket in the Twenty20 format.
“It will not happen for a while, as the international boards will do everything in their power to prevent it, but market forces are likely to win the battle in the long term.
“In twenty years, the game of cricket will look very different,” felt Strauss.

Govt to launch first of its kind national portal for job search with  unparalleled reachGovt to launch first of its kind national portal for job search with 'unparalleled reach'
Surabhi | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 03 2014, 16:20  IST
Oct 03 2014, 16:20  IST
 

Renault to enter used car business in India  launch 2 new models next yearE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indian rupee fends off US dollar surgeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Two years later  Nats face GiantsBy Adam Kilgore October 3 Follow @adamkilgorewp
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon)
Tyler Clippard insisted he did not care which team the Nationals faced in the National League Division Series, whether the Giants or Pirates won the wild card game. As it became clear the Giants would win, though, the Nationals’ reliever immediately relished the coincidence: If the Nationals had won Game 5 of the 2012 NLDS, their opponent would have been the Giants.
“It’s kind of nice to play the Giants in the sense that we felt like we should have been playing them in 2012 after the NLDS,” Clippard said. “That’s who we would have been facing. We were really geared up to do that, and felt good about it. This is our funny-how-things-work-out type moment. We get a chance to do that. It’s crazy how that seems to always happen.”
From the front office to the field, the Nationals in 2012 believed they matched up well with the Giants. In fact, they thought the Giants were their most favorable opponent of any team in the field. They were not necessarily worse than the Cardinals or Reds, but the Giants were a better matchup for them – the Nationals had gone 5-1 against them that season.
“We feel like we match up against anybody,” Clippard said. “Even when we weren’t a good team, we always played the Giants well. We have that on our side. I think everyone feels pretty confident.”
But the Nationals squandered Game 5 against the Cardinals. The Giants watched their collapse on their plane – they didn’t know if they would fly to St. Louis or Washington for Game 1 of the NLCS. The Nationals had to watch the Giants blow through the playoffs and win the World Series, the title they believed could have been theirs.
“You always go back and think about what would have happened,” Ryan Zimmerman said. “We were playing really good baseball. We couldn’t close it out. If we get those outs, do we win the World Series? It’s always tough to do that.”
Two years later, the Nationals will have another chance. Looking back, Zimmerman can see beyond the failure in Game 5 and realize the opportunity the Nationals had. The Cardinals may have executed with cold-blooded precision as the Nationals wilted, but still, any small break – any pitch a centimeter one way – could have given them the series.
“If you give me the same situation in Game 5 this year, I’ll take it,” Zimmerman said. “I’ll take every single time. We were up six runs. We were up two runs going into the ninth inning. If you tell me right now this series is going to go five and we’ll be in that situation, without hesitation, I would take that again.”
The Nationals have waited two years for their chance at the Giants, two years for another chance to close out a series. Today at 3:07 p.m., they will not have to wait any longer.
FROM THE POST

Arsenal look for revenge against Chelsea; Liverpool want Mario Balotelli to pull up hissocksPrint
Press Trust of India | London | Posted: October 3, 2014 5:06 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 5:08 pm
Arsenal have “a big hunger” to avenge their crushing defeat against Chelsea in March, a humiliation that Arsene Wenger said on Friday he and his club would never forget.
The Arsenal manager seeks his first victory over a Jose Mourinho-managed club in a dozen attempts in Sunday’s big Premier League derby and the Frenchman admitted that last season’s 6-0 mauling at Stamford Bridge, which marred his 1,000th game in charge, had left an indelible mark.
“We will never forget last year at Chelsea and we have an opportunity to put it right,” Wenger told a news conference before the return to Stamford Bridge. “We have a big hunger to put that right.
“Last year’s slow start exposed us to counter-attacks. It was a very bad memory but football is not made of history, it’s about performance.”
With six points separating Arsenal from top-of-the-table Chelsea, Wenger said winning on Sunday was “vital” if his side was to stay in the Premier League race.
Arsenal’s midweek Champions League trouncing of Galatasaray, he said, had been good for the confidence of the team. “We want to go to Chelsea to win. The fact they are six points ahead makes that desire even bigger.
“We are both still unbeaten (in the Premier League) but I feel we have had a more difficult run than them. It’s a vital game for us to stay in the race.”
As for the personal rivalry with Mourinho and the statistic he must hate being brought up — 11 matches versus the Portuguese, and no wins — Wenger said: “He has always had fantastic teams. It’s not a game between two managers, it’s a game about clubs.”
Much hype will also surround the appearance of the former Arsenal favourite Cesc Fabregas, who has been flourishing for Chelsea since his move from Barcelona. Wenger has urged Arsenal fans to give the Spaniard a warm welcome.
“Everyone respects Cesc here and I want him to get the reception he deserves on Sunday,” said Wenger. “Cesc Fabregas will have a great career because he’s a  great player. He knows Arsenal had a positive influence on his career.
“I have no animosity against Fabregas. He’s a player I love but he made a decision and we have to accept that.”
Wenger also knocked down newspaper reports that Aaron Ramsey could be sidelined with his hamstring injury until December, saying: “I’ve been told he could be out for three to four weeks, so I count four.”
Baotelli needs to score: Brendan Rodgers
Manager Brendan Rodgers has ended whatever honeymoon period new striker Mario Balotelli was enjoying at Anfield, telling him he needs to start scoring goals after finding the net just once in seven appearances for Liverpool.
The Italian has the chance to do that when revitalised West Bromwich Albion visit Anfield on Saturday after an ineffective display in Liverpool’s 1-0 defeat at Basel in the Champions League on Wednesday.
He badly needs the goals and Liverpool, who narrowly missed out on the Premier League title last season, badly need continued…
We will never forget last year at Chelsea and we have an opportunity to put it right

Poor-rich gap growing in India  Asia-Pacific: UNESCAPreportPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 5:24 pm
The gap between the poor and the rich is growing in the Asia-Pacific region and there has been an increase in income inequality in many major economies including India, China and Indonesia, a UN-ESCAP report has said.
“Inequality is…key socio-economic challenge for the region. At the national level, there has been an increase in income inequality in many major economies in recent decades,” said the report of United Nations – Economic and Social Commission for Asia and Pacific.
“Widening income gaps across societies and within communities are the consequence of a series of factors,” it added.
The Gini coefficient – a measure of income inequality – between early 1990s and late 2000s increased from 30.8 to 33.9 in India; 32.4 to 42.1 in China and in Indonesia it increased from 29.2 to 38.1, the report said.
However, during the same period the coefficient decreased in countries such as Cambodia, Kyrgyzstan, Malaysia, Nepal, Philippines, Thailand and Uzbekistan.
Weaker labour market institutions, inadequate social protection systems, poor-quality education, inadequate access to credit and land and excessive asset concentration are among the factors for widening income gaps, the report said.
“The gap between rich and poor is widespread in the region and continuing to grow in many countries…the poorest 20 per cent of the population accounts for less than 10 per cent of national income,” it said.
UN-ESCAP conducted the study for about 40 countries in the Asia-Pacific region.
The ultra-high net worth individuals (UHNWIs) in the regions shows that persons with a net worth of USD 30 million or more accounted for 30 per cent of the region’s income in 2012-13, the report said.
“This shows that wealth concentration is a major characteristic of income inequality. The region had around 49,000 persons (0.001 per cent of Asia-Pacific population in 2013) classed as UHNWIs, with about USD 7.5 trillion of net wealth in 2012-13,” it added.
The wide gap in national income held by the ultra-rich and the poor is striking, the report said.
“It has been observed that the wealth-income ratio is rising due to the growing share of capital in national income, which is further exacerbating the inequality gap between the top 1 per cent of the population and the poorest 20 per cent.”
In addition to vertical inequality among individuals, there have also been widening horizontal disparities,
especially between rural and urban areas, as well as between coastal regions and the interior.
“This is particularly worrying for large multiracial countries with significant regional variations, since it can trigger social and political instability,” the report added.

EU clears Facebooks $19 bn buyout of WhatsAppEU clears Facebook’s $19 bn buyout of WhatsApp
PTI
Reuters Facebook announced the buyout of the WhatsApp messenger service in February and US authorities approved the deal in April.
Brussels, Oct 3:  
European Union regulators today cleared the buyout of the WhatsApp mobile messaging service by Facebook, despite opposition by telecom companies afraid of the growing power of US technology giants.
In a statement explaining its approval of the $19 billon (€15 billion) deal, the European Commission, the EU’s executive arm, said Facebook and WhatsApp were “not close competitors” and that consumers would continue to have a “wide array of choices”.
“We have carefully reviewed this proposed acquisition and come to the conclusion that it would not hamper competition in this dynamic and growing market,” EU Competition Commissioner Joaquin Almunia said in a statement.
Facebook, the world’s biggest social network, announced the buyout of the WhatsApp messenger service, used by 600 million people, in February and US authorities approved the deal in April.
The European Commission only automatically reviews deals where each company involved has sales of over €100 million across at least three EU states, which was not the case for this deal.
But the powerful European telecom lobby had argued that Facebook and Whatsapp together would have access to an unfair stock of user data and gain an unfair competition advantage in the crucial data and consumer habit market used by advertisers.
But the Commission turned down this argument concluding that, regardless of whether Facebook would start collecting WhatsApp user data, “the transaction would not raise competition concerns”.
After the merger, “a large amount of Internet user data that are valuable for advertising purposes are not within Facebook’s exclusive control,” the commission said.
The decision comes as US Internet giant Google faces intense scrutiny from the Commission over accusations of unfair advantages the search engine gives its own services in search results.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Asian Games 2014: Sri Lanka defeat Afghanistan to take gold incricketSri Lanka's  Lahiru Thirimanna bats during their men's final Twenty20 cricket match against Afghanistan in Incheon on Friday. (Source: Reuters)
Reuters | Incheon | Posted: October 3, 2014 6:15 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 6:22 pm
Sri Lanka crushed Afghanistan by 68 runs to win the gold medal in the men’s Twenty20 cricket event at the Asian Games on Friday.
Unlike the previous day, when Sri Lanka won a coin toss to get into the gold medal match after their semi-final with Bangladesh was washed out, luck played no part in the final.
With a strong squad featuring three members of the team that won this year’s Twenty20 World Cup, Sri Lanka were too experienced and streetwise for their Afghan opponents.
Although they struggled with the bat, losing their last nine wickets for just 54 runs to be dismissed for 133 in their last over, Sri Lanka’s bowlers had no problems on a lively pitch.
They ripped through the opposition batting lineup in less than 18 overs, as Afghanistan crumbled to be all out for just 65.
Afghanistan made a bright start, reaching 20 without loss,  before the wheels suddenly fell off. Opener Najeeb Tarakai top scored with 17 but only two others made double figures.
Sri Lanka captain Lahiru Thirimanne top scored for his team with 57 off just 37 balls, hitting seven boundaries and one towering six, as his country captured its first gold medal at the Asian Games, in any sport, since 2002.
“This is a great feeling, because this is our first gold medal since 2002,” said Thirimanne.
“These type of tournaments are good for our young emerging players. This will be a good platform for them.
“I think we’ll win gold in the next Asian Games as well.”
The pick of the Afghanistan bowlers was their captain  Mohammad Nabi, who took four wickets for 18 runs with his off-spinners.
Like many of his team mates, Nabi was born in a refugee camp in neighbouring Pakistan during the occupation by the Soviet Union in the 1980s.
It was in those camps that many of the Afghan players first learnt the game of cricket. When they returned home in the 1990s, they took the game with them and set up a national team that has been slowly but steadily improving.
Four years ago, Afghanistan took the silver at the last Asian Games, confirming their emergence in a sport the country only embraced through war.
They have played in each of the last three Twenty20 World Cups and have qualified for the first time for the 50-over World Cup, to be played in Australia and New Zealand in early 2015.
Last year, the International Cricket Council formally recognised their improvement by granting Afghanistan associate member status.
NO REGRETS
Had they won the gold, Afghanistan’s players would have been rewarded with a brand new car but Nabi said they had no regrets about finishing second.
“This is a good sign for us, another silver medal is good,” Nabi said.
“This is a young team so we’re really happy to take the silver medal.We started really well with our bowling but our batting let continued…
But this was a really good preparation for the World Cup. Things are going well and hopefully we can take something from this

Motorola to sell smartwatch for 17 999 in IndiaGoogle on Thursday began rolling out a way for people to support websites they frequent and, in return, be rewarded with ad-free pages.
Motorola to sell smartwatch for Rs. 17,999 in India
PTI
New Delhi, October 03, 2014
First Published: 14:17 IST(3/10/2014)
Handset maker Motorola on Friday said its smartwatch, Moto 360, will go on sale today in India for Rs. 17,999.
 
The smartwatch will be available exclusively on Flipkart starting from mid-day today, Motorola said in a statement.
 
Inspired by the classic wristwatch, the Moto 360 features a round design. It has a feature called 'voice control' which allows users to send texts, set a reminder, check the weather, and ask for directions.
Users can also keep track of steps and know their heart rate with the built-in pedometer and heart rate monitor, it added.
 
The smartwatch is compatible with smartphones running Android 4.3 or higher and is powered by Android Wear operating system.
 
With a 1.5-inch display, the device has a 320 mAh battery, 512 MB RAM and 4 GB internal storage.
 
Smart wearables, as a category, is growing globally with the likes of Samsung, LG and Apple coming out with their smartwatches across various price points.
 
Apart from smartwatches, many firms like Sony, Adidas and Goqii have introduced smartbands dedicated to healthcare or athletics with support apps like pedometer and heart rate monitor to help monitor various bodily functions.
 
Samsung's Gear Live is available in India for about Rs. 15,900, while LG's G Watch is priced at Rs. 14,999.

The impressive US jobs report for September in two simple chartsGet every new post delivered to your Inbox.
Join 26,424 other followers
Build a website with WordPress.com
This website uses technologies not supported by this browser. For the best experience please upgrade your browser. Learn more »
We're currently experiencing technical problems and working with reduced functionality. We should be back in full shortly. Follow us on Twitter for further updates »

http://usat.ly/1yC4jW5FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Economy gains 248,000 jobs as hiring rebounds
The labor market rebounded sharply in September as employers added 248,000 jobs. The unemployment rate fell to 5.9% from 6.1%, lowest since July 2008, the Labor Department said Friday.
Post to Facebook
Economy gains 248,000 jobs as hiring rebounds The labor market rebounded sharply in September as employers added 248,000 jobs. The unemployment rate fell to 5.9% from 6.1%, lowest since July 2008, the Labor Department said Friday. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vCQBhU
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
349
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Economy gains 248,000 jobs as hiring rebounds
Paul Davidson , USA TODAY 9:42 a.m. EDT October 3, 2014
Students attend The Foot in the Door Career Fair at the University of Illinois in Springfield, Ill.
(Photo: Seth Perlman, AP)
4449 CONNECT 211 TWEET 115 LINKEDIN 349 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The labor market rebounded sharply in September as employers added 248,000 jobs, but wage growth remained weak despite a tightening supply of workers.
The unemployment rate fell to 5.9% from 6.1%, lowest since July 2008, the Labor Department said Friday.
Both numbers were better than forecasts. Economists surveyed by Action Economics had estimated that 215,000 jobs were added last month and that the unemployment rate was unchanged.
August's initially disappointing job gains were revised to 180,000 from 142,000. July's count was revised to 243,000 from 212,000, boosting gains for the two summer months by 69,000.
That brings total payroll gains for the year above 2 million.
Last month, businesses added 236,000 jobs, fueled by strong gains in professional and business services, retail and healthcare. Federal, state and local governments added 12,000.
Monthly employment gains have averaged for 227,000 so far this year, up from 194,000 for all of 2013.
Hourly earnings rose, however, dipped one cent to $24.53 and are up just 2% over the past year, in line with the modest increases so far in the five-year-old recovery.
"The labor market is clearly tightening but there's still no wage pressures," says economist Joel Naroff of Naroff Economic Advisors. "When do businesses start dealing with labor shortages by raising wages?"
He added: "The only way we're going to get stronger economic growth is if people have money to spend."
Like many economists, Naroff still expects wage growth to pick up later this year.
Some other labor market indicators in September were encouraging.
The average work week rose to 34.6 hours after being unchanged at 34.5 hours for six straight months. Increased hours could signal that continued strong hiring lies ahead.
And the so-called underemployment rate -- which includes discouraged workers who've stopped looking for jobs and part-time employees who prefer full-time work as well as the unemployed – fell to 11.8% from 12%.
Professional and business services led the job gains with 81,000. Retail added 35,000; leisure and hospital, 33,000; and health care, 23,000.
Construction, meanwhile, added 16,000 jobs and manufacturing, just 4,000.
Even with the latest revision, monthly job growth slowed in August after averaging well over 200,000 for six months. But some economists considered the disappointing tally an anomaly, noting that other labor market indicators have been positive.
The Labor Department said Thursday that initial jobless claims continue at prerecession levels, and private payroll processor ADP this week estimated that businesses added 213,000 jobs in September.
Economists also expected Labor's survey to be bolstered by the return of about 20,000 striking workers.
4449 CONNECT 211 TWEET 115 LINKEDIN 349 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vCQBhU
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

http://usat.ly/1yC3bScScott Stein
9 months, 1 week ago
Your Take contributions have not been reviewed for accuracy by USATODAY. Contributors agree to our Terms of Service and are responsible for the content of their videos and photos. Please report any content that violates the terms.
More Topics

Unbeaten Kolkata Knight Riders take on Chennai Super Kings in CLT20finalPress Trust of India | Bengaluru | Posted: October 3, 2014 7:05 pm
The Chennai Super Kings will have the advantage of familiarity with the conditions while the unbeaten Kolkata Knight Riders would still be a tough nut to crack. The two teams clash in the Oppo Champions League T20 final at the Chinnaswamy Stadium.
Both teams had met in the final of the 2012 Indian Premier League, when Kolkata defeated Chennai by five wickets.
In this year’s Indian Premier League both were at par, winning a game apiece against each other. However, unlike the Knight Riders, CSK have played most of their group matches here and will definitely have an edge as far as familiarity factor is concerned.
As the final is being played between two IPL rivals, the Karnataka State Cricket Association is expecting a full house after conducting neutral matches, which failed to attract crowds.
Looking at the stats, Kolkata start favourites as they are on a roll after an unbeaten run in the tournament. They have, in fact, registered 14 wins in a row starting from IPL-7.
Chennai, on the other hand, had to depend on other teams’ results to make the last-four stage. Led by Mahendra Singh
Dhoni, the team, however, has the ability to turn it around, a quality which was evident in the semifinal against a power-packed Kings XI Punjab side last night.
Dhoni knows the art of utilising his resources aptly, sometimes leaving rival captains too stunned by his decisions on batting and bowling combinations, besides the field placements.
Kolkata skipper Gautam Gambhir is equally enterprising and has shared an intense rivalry with Dhoni in IPL, coming out trumps against the India captain.
The Knight Riders are coming into the title clash with the tag of invincible post their 14th straight win – a seven-wicket victory over Australia’s Hobart Hurricanes in the first semifinal.
Kolkata, unlike Chennai, have played all their group matches in Hyderabad and will have to get used to the conditions quickly.
Shah Rukh Khan’s team though boasts of batsmen such as Gambhir, Robin Uthappa, Manish Pandey and Jacques Kallis, all of whom have loads of experience and are in good form as well.
In the bowling department, there has been some turmoil after ‘mystery spinner’ Sunil Narine was reported for suspect action in their last group match. The West Indian will not be allowed to bowl in the final.
Young Kuldeep Yadav and all-rounders such as Yusuf Pathan, Ryan ten Doeschate and Andre Russel have been quite successful.
Coming into the match after handing a crushing 65-run defeat to Punjab in the second semifinal, Chennai would love to exploit the placid Chinnaswamy pitch, where they played most of their group matches.
Opener Dwayne Smith, who had a pretty good season last IPL but has been disappointing in CLT20, would look to make continued…

Thailand arrests Myanmar men for killing two BritishtouristsWorkers from Myanmar, Saw, left, and Win, sit together, escorted by a Thai police officer, during a press conference in Koh Tao island, Thailand. (Source: AP photo)
Associated Press | Bangkok | Posted: October 3, 2014 6:24 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 6:26 pm
Two migrant workers from Myanmar were arrested Friday after police said they confessed to killing two British tourists whose battered bodies were found on a beach in southern Thailand last month, in a case that damaged the image of the country’s tourism industry.
Thailand’s national police chief Gen. Somyot Poompanmoung said the DNA results released late Thursday night backed up the confessions of the two men to raping and killing 23-year-old Hannah Witheridge, and killing David Miller, 24, on Koh Tao, an island known for its pristine diving sites.
“This has shown the hard work of the police and I’d like to praise the officers who are involved in working on this case, and there might be some rewards for them,” Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha, who took power after leading a military coup in May, told reporters. In the immediate aftermath of the killings, he had stirred controversy by suggesting that bikini-wearing tourists might attract such attacks, a comment for which he has apologized.
Police identified the 21-year-old workers from Myanmar’s western Rakhine state as “Win” and “Saw.” Both were detained on the island Thursday and questioned by police who brought them to the crime scene Friday to re-enact their alleged crimes, a standard part of criminal investigations in Thailand.
Crowds of onlookers watched as the suspects were led to the rocky alcove along the shore where the two bodies were discovered Sept. 15. Autopsies showed that Witheridge died from head wounds while Miller suffered severe blows to the head and drowned in the surf. It is still unclear what prompted the killings.
During the re-enactment, the two men wore flak jackets and motorcycle helmets as protection against angry residents, who fear the crime will damage tourism to the remote island.
“There was clear evidence: forensic evidence, (testimony from) witnesses and other evidence, as well as closed-circuit television footage,” Somyot told reporters. “The police and investigation teams have analyzed all evidence and it’s clear that the two suspects committed the crime on that day.”
The two face charges of murder, rape and theft, but have not yet been formally charged, Somyot said. They are expected to remain in custody until they are brought to court. He said in a telephone interview with ThaiPBS television that police searched the residence of the suspects and found a mobile phone suspected to belong to one of the British tourists.
About 2.5 million people from Myanmar work in this Southeast Asian country, most as domestic servants or in low-skilled manual labor industries like construction, fisheries or the garment sector. Thailand’s military-installed government has described migrant workers as a threat to national security, and fears have been expressed continued…

Cong  NCP poll manifestos old wine in old bottle:BJPComments
The election manifestos of Congress and NCP for Maharashtra polls are a proof of “old wine in old bottle,” the BJP said on Friday.
“The Congress NCP government hasn’t fulfilled any of the assurances they made in their earlier manifestos,” state BJP spokesperson Madhav Bhandari said in Mumbai.
The NCP promised to make state load shedding free by December 2012 but that hasn’t been done, he said.
The state government did not make any efforts on the Dahej to Uran gas pipeline, he said.
NCP leader Supriya Sule has said nobody knows the current agriculture minister as well as they knew her father Sharad Pawar when he held that post, Bhandari said.
“Pawar is known as the Agriculture Minister during whose tenure 60,000 farmers committed suicide,” he said.
Congress and NCP won the 2004 polls by promising free electricity and have made that promise again, he said. They want to cheat farmers, he added.
The manifestos contain no new point, he said. They are proof of the lies and deceit of these parties, he added.
“Our priority will also be to remove regional imbalances on development front,” he said.
“We have been supporting creation of smaller states, like Vidarbha region, for the last several years. Shiv Sena was aware of this and was with us for last 25 years,” he said.
Nobody has spoken of separating Mumbai from Maharashtra and allegations by some leaders, including those of Congress are baseless, he said.
There is no mention of the malpractices on levy of toll in the state, he said.
“Instead they have promised to make state toll-free without elaborating on what basis they intend to do it,” Bhandari said.

Woman killed  4 injured in Pakistan shelling near border in Jammu andKashmirPrint
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: October 3, 2014 5:57 pm | Updated: October 4, 2014 2:48 am
A 17-year-old girl was killed and four other civilians injured in Poonch district on Friday during stepped up firing by Pakistan at different places along the Line of Control (LoC) and the international border in Jammu Kashmir.
Identifying the deceased as Jara Akhtar, sources said that she died at village Gigriyal in Saujjian area in Poonch district during mortar shelling by Pakistani troops from across the LoC. Five other villagers were also injured as mortar shells rained on the village, sources said, adding that they included Ghulam Mohammad, 60, Sher Bagh, 52, Zulfikar Ahmed, 17, and Javed Iqbal, 14.
The shelling which started around 2 pm Friday in Saujjian area came nearly 36 hours after six civilian including two women got injured and nearly half a dozen houses damaged in unprovoked mortar shelling by it on civilian areas in the same area.
A Defence Ministry spokesman Lt Colonel Manish Mehta here said that Pakistani troops resorted to yet another ceasefire violation targeting the Indian side with small arms fire in the same area on Friday afternoon. The firing from across the LoC continued from 2 pm to 3.30 pm, he said, adding that the Indian army also retaliated. However, there was no casualty or damage on the side of Indian army.
Meanwhile, sources said that unprovoked firing by Pakistani troops re-started after a brief halt and this time, they started targeting civilian areas on the Indian side with mortar shells. Some of the mortars fell on Gigriyal village causing civilian casualty, they said, adding that a few houses were also damaged.
There was panic in the village with people having fled to safer places in view of Pakistani troops targeting them with mortars for the second time since Wednesday night when six people including two women had got injured and nearly half a dozen houses damaged.
Meanwhile, Pakistani Rangers also resorted to unprovoked small arms fire on two forward Indian positions – Pittal Post and Tent Guard, along the international border in Arnia sector late this evening. The BSF also retaliated and the exchange of fire between the two sides was continuing when reports last came in late in the night.
The latest spate of ceasefire violations have started less than 24 hours after both US President Barack Obama and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi during nearly two hour long meeting between them in Washington, had committed to “joint and concerted efforts that include dismantling safe havens for terrorists and criminal networks, disrupting financial and tactical support for Lashkar-e-Toiba, Jaish-e-Mohammed, D-company and Haqqani network”.
The unprovoked mortar shelling by Pakistan has also come after a lull of over a month as earlier in August this year, its troops had been continuously resorting to heavy firing and mortar shelling on civilian areas not only along the LoC, but also along the international border in Jammu and Samba districts. The Pakistani firing, which BSF top officials described as heaviest since 1971 Indo-Pak war, had also led to migration of people from various villages in R S Pura, Arnia and Ramgarh continued…

Cramer: US safest place to invest
Mitt Romney didnt declare a party on his Utah voter registration form. Intrigue!By Philip Bump October 3 Follow @pbump
Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney in Beckley, W.Va. (AP Photo/Chris Tilley)
Mitt Romney just made a savvy next step in his quiet, camouflaged 2016 campaign. Like a growing number of Americans, Romney refused to declare a political party when he filled out a new voter registration reform in Utah. It's the sort of party-rejecting step that could position a reinvented Romney to become America's first non-Democrat or Republican president since the 1800s.
The Salt Lake Tribune reports that the new Utah registration form completed and signed by Romney last August deliberately leaves out any party identification. As the Republican nominee in 2012 and a Republican candidate in 2008, this would seem to suggest either a rejection of his party or, perhaps, some sort of clerical error. Or maybe it's neither.
Analysis done in 2012 by Utah Data Points noted that unaffiliated voters in the state vastly outnumbered the number of registered Democrats (though those voters often identified with the Democratic party). Nationally, the trend is more stark, as we noted in a look at California's evaporating Republican party. Data from the independent-friendly organization Third Way suggests that registration between 2012 and 2013 saw national decreases for the Democrats and Republicans -- and an increase for independents.
What better way for Romney to reintroduce himself to America! Other politicians have revamped their political identities successfully -- perhaps most notably former New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg who has, at one time or another, affiliated with each of the three political options. In 2007, he became an independent, setting off speculation that he too would seek the presidency.
[At this point in this article -- a Friday lark riffing on a thing that is amusing to political die-hards -- we'd like to point out that we are not being sincere. (Hopefully you had already realized that.) It was all a mistake on the Depart of Motor Vehicle's part, as the original SLT article makes clear; Romney is and will remain a Republican. Why point out that this is a joke in the middle of the article? Because that is funnier. People will read the first few sentences or paragraphs and get all mad. Then they'll skip to the bottom, where the last line will be, We now know more about Romney's smart 2016 plans than we might otherwise have expected, and assume that their assumption that we are idiots was right and that this is just garbage nonsense. Which we object to; it is high-quality nonsense. Anyway, play along with the angry people in the comments, alright?]
Romney is headed to Iowa later this month ostensibly to campaign for Senate candidate Joni Ernst. He already leads in Iowa polling despite "not planning on running," making the state a safe place to try on his new, I'm-frustrated-with-party-politics-too campaign look.
Or another possibility: In 2012, Romney had an agonizing time trying to close the deal with primary voters. Why not simply side-step the primaries altogether? The possibilities are endless when you just wildly speculate about things.
We now know more about Romney's smart 2016 plans than we might otherwise have expected.
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He previously wrote for The Wire, the news blog of The Atlantic magazine. He has contributed to The Daily Beast, The Atlantic, The Daily, and the Huffington Post. Philip is based in New York City.

Burakovsky moves closer to NHL spotBy Alex Prewitt October 3 Follow @alex_prewitt
Celebrate on, Andre Burakovsky, because Coach Barry Trotz believes the rookie has done enough to make the Capitals (AP Photo/Luis M. Alvarez).
The curtain call took longer than normal, because Andre Burakovsky skated toward the far boards and tossed a puck into the stands, aimed at the cheering Capitals crowd still adjusting to the idea of having him around to stay. Another successful preseason game had passed for Burakovsky, another goal against NHLers he will soon call peers, another moment in the spotlight stamped into the mind of Coach Barry Trotz, reassurance that the rookie forward belongs here .
So when Trotz took the podium following a 3-2 shootout victory Thursday night over visiting Philadelphia, the first question asked how, with one exhibition game left until final cuts, Burakovsky possibly could keep himself off the roster, because inclusion seemed a foregone conclusion.
“Yeah, he’s earned the right,” Trotz said. “He’s gotten better every game. I don’t imagine him not being here.”
Earlier this week, Trotz said Burakovsky was looking “like an NHL player.” On Wednesday in Buffalo, Troy Brouwer predicted that Burakovsky would make the squad: “I think he’s slotted in on the team on opening day at the moment,” he said then.
The next night, Eric Fehr compared Burakovsky’s skills to center Nicklas Backstrom’s and marveled at the impressive ascent of a 20-year-old, until he was reminded that Burakovsky, until next February, is still 19.
“It’s definitely not easy learning all the routes and especially for such a young guy, I don’t think I could’ve done that at his age,” Fehr said. “He’s definitely a mature player for his age. He’s been one of our go-to guys. Not just scoring goals. He’s making the right decisions, he’s making the smart plays.
Washington’s penultimate preseason game contained plenty of highlights, from Fehr’s tying goal with 1 minute and 1 second remaining, to the shootout victory behind tallies by Backstrom and Evgeny Kuznetsov, to the six overtime saves from goaltender Justin Peters, mostly in a shorthanded situation, to a first-period fight from free agent invitee Liam O’Brien, who were it not for Burakovsky might be labeled the most pleasant surprise of camp.
It also contained plenty of moments to forget, like another slow start marked by poor defensive-zone puck possession, or a fourth line that allowed both Flyers goals, the second of which came 33 seconds after Burakovsky’s strike, a callback to similar issues of last season.
But to task a player  with changing positions by sliding to the middle, as the Capitals did this summer to their 2013 first-round draft pick, fully expecting him to hone that switch in Hershey this season only to command attention again with a laser goal between two Flyers defensemen?
Now that deserved all the praise that swiped the postgame scene.
“We’re talking to him,” Trotz said. “The thing with a young player is you don’t want to over-coach him, tell him every mistake. You want to show him stuff and then he’s got to learn from that. He’s been looking at a lot of film. Obviously we’ve got a great centerman in Backstrom and he’s been looking at our games, Bergeron and people like that. He’s going back to school for the North American here, trying to learn it under fire. Just got to be patient. If we do that, I think we’ll be rewarded.”
Lit up by cameras outside his Verizon Center locker, Burakovsky knew when the familiar question came his way. Each game offered the chance for reporters to gauge his comfort level with playing center, just like each game gave Washington’s coaches the chance to see that comfort level grow. So Burakosvky smiled.
“Yeah, like I said all the times,” he said, “it feels more comfortable every single game and every single practice out there. In the beginning I was a little worried that I was doing wrong all the time. Now I can focus on doing the right stuff on the ice all the time. I don’t have to be afraid to do some mistakes.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Why You Shouldn t Be "Optimistic" About Corporate "Tax Reform"According to an article in The Hill this week, " WH adviser 'optimistic' for corporate tax reform ":
A top economic official in the White House on Tuesday expressed confidence that the next Congress can pass corporate tax reform.
... Obama has proposed lowering the corporate statutory rate from 35 percent to the high-20s while eliminating many deductions. Camp also proposed to lower the rate, but down to the mid-20s.
Camp has proposed shielding most of the profits corporations make offshore from U.S. taxation, while Obama has called for a minimum tax on global earnings.
Why is it that any time you hear the word "reform" coming out of Washington, it always ends badly for about 99 percent of us? They talk about entitlement "reform" -- meaning cutting Social Security and Medicare. They talk about regulation "reform" -- meaning our food and workplaces are going to be less safe. They talk about spending "reform" -- meaning doing less of the things that make We the People's lives better. (They never "reform" the military budget. It is more than double what it was when "W" Bush took office. Because we have to defend against the Soviet Union.)
"Reform" is lobbyist-speak for opening up the floodgates, hanging the flags out, lighting the savings accounts on fire, letting dozens of blackbirds fly out of the pie, letting the horses out of the barn and generally fleecing the citizenry.
"Reform" is politician-speak for "time to start the money flowing our way because the favors are going to be flowing your way."
Some numbers:
Corporate profits are the highest ever.
The corporate tax portion of federal revenue dropped from around 32 percent in 1952 to around 8.9 percent now.
Corporate taxes have fallen from about 6 percent of GDP then to less than 2 percent now.
Corporate taxes used to be 52.8 percent, then 48 percent then 46 percent. Then we did "tax reform" and lowered that to 35 percent.
Corporations are holding around $2 trillion "outside of the country" to dodge taxes. That represents up to $700 trillion in taxes owed.
Corporations "strip income" by having a non-U.S. affiliate "loan" money to a U.S.-based affiliate. The interest is deductible from US income so taxes are lower.
As of 2007, the top 1 percent owned 50.9 percent of all stocks, bonds, and mutual fund assets. The top 10 percent owned 90.3 percent. The bottom 50 percent owned 0.5 percent. Things have concentrated upward since then, with all economic gains from the recovery going to the top few.
And now they're trying to "reform" the corporate tax system once again.There are some actual reforms that are actually needed.
Current tax laws actually give a tax break to companies to help them move jobs and facilities out of the country! In July Senate Republicans filibustered to kill a bill that would stop this.
Current tax laws give huge tax subsidies to oil companies. Senate Republicans filibustered to kill a bill that would stop this. (and did it again )
Current tax laws let companies "defer" taxes on profits made outside the U.S. A simple 5 percent-per-year surtax on this deferred income would stop this and raise literally hundreds of billions of dollars for our schools, courts, roads, and other public assets.
Corporate taxes have fallen from about 6 percent of GDP to less than 2 percent. It's time to reverse that and restore funding for infrastructure, courts, schools, etc., boost Social Security and other programs that make OUR lives better.
What do you think the odds are that we will get actual "reform" that will actually make things better?
It's The Money
Everyone know why things are this way. It's the money. The money is allowed to buy influence in our system, and those with the most money are able to buy the most influence. Giant multinational corporations (and the billionaires behind them) have the most money, so they can buy even more tax breaks which means they have even more money so they can buy even more influence.
Politicians get the money to run all of those nasty, lying, smear ads that trick people -- or if they don't trick people they convince people to stay home and not vote. And when they do get voted out of office they go to their reward : a big-money job with the corporations (and the billionaires behind them) who they were helping while in office.( The Nation explains, in " When a Congressman Becomes a Lobbyist, He Gets a 1,452 Percent Raise (On Average)." CBS's 60 Minutes explains in " Under the Influence .")
Here's an idea. How about a new rule: People involved in making national policy can't be getting money or planning on future money from the beneficiaries of that policy. In other words, if you are involved in setting corporate tax rates, you're not allowed to be getting money from corporations now, or hoping to leave government and get money from corporations and/or billionaires. Period.
We should ban people in government from taking jobs (or "speaking fees" or stock or jobs at "institutes" funded by corporations or any other payoffs) that pay significantly more than they make now for a period of maybe seven years.
We should call "campaign donations" from interested parties what they are: bribery. If a company is giving shareholder money to a campaign, an "independent" campaign, even a "think tank" that is actually helping a politician or political party, that is an attempt to purchase influence. Companies don't "speak," they engage in transactions. Companies do not give out their money expecting nothing in return. If companies -- or people -- are giving money to politicians and expecting something back, by law that is the definition of bribery.
Get the money out first. Then maybe we can get some actual reform that actually helps actual people.
Follow Dave Johnson on Twitter: www.twitter.com/dcjohnson
More:

I feel co has sufficient reserves to take care of its debt.further no ...Silver Member
3 Followers
i feel co has sufficient reserves to take care of its debt.further,no fresh capex is reqd.co has already reduced its debt and focussed on reducing it further.only pt of worry is unstable or weak ferrous prices.it has been battered for not so serious reasons.in our market prices of so many good stocks def logic.what should go up,goes down and looks content at such levels.while others shoot up for no reason.explained away on future outlook being so promising.tata steel has got unfair treatment by the market.

In q1 this company made profit of 1.88 cr with quarterly eps of rs.1.8...Platinum Member
19 Followers
I could see optimisim in CESC in your message and your belief that the price of CESC will not correct and always will be buyont. I also wish the same as I have been left with small holding in BNK and I stand benifitted if your efforts to take BNK to new heihgt succeeds. So, let your word be the last one.
In the mean time be kind enough to resolve a dispute in my home regarding your personility. My wife swears that you are cini fame Katrina. As I am seldom interested in movies, did not recognise the logo and have no idea who is this actress Katrina is. I thought somebody used the photo of some beatiful girl as his logo. With money power cini actress Katrina would have taken this stock to any level and would not have sought small outfit like this MMB.
9.00 AM Oct 5th

I am holding 20000 suzlon at 26 average price !! and believe me i am s...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Jaguar land rover is targeting double digit growth in europe as well a...Platinum Member
64 Followers
Jaguar Land Rover is targeting double digit growth in Europe as well as globally following the release of two new models—the Jaguar XE and the Land Rover Discovery Sport—in 2015.

PM visit: Govt to push for totalisation pact with USPrint
Written by Surabhi | New Delhi | Posted: September 27, 2014 1:16 am
With an annual $1 billion deposited by Indian workers to the United States’ social security system, India is set to push for a totalisation agreement with the country during Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ongoing US visit.
According to sources, the ministry of commerce that is already negotiating with the US to end the WTO impasse has also begun discussions on an early finalisation of the totalisation agreement between the two countries. “The negotiations on the totalisation agreement have been linked to discussions on other issues of common interest,” said a senior government official.
“The Prime Minister has also been briefed on the issue while the external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj who is accompanying him on the trip will also take up the matter with the US government,” he added, pointing out that the US is one of the main destinations where Indians are working.
A similar agreement has also been negotiated with Australia — another top destination for Indian citizens, and is likely to be signed by the year end.
With over 5 lakh Indians working in the US on non-immigration visas, India has been pressing for a totalisation agreement with the country that would allow repatriation of their social security contributions to India on their return home.
Typically, such workers stay in the US for a period of three to seven years and contribute about 15 per cent of their salary to the US social security system. With no totalisation pact in place, these workers lose the entire social security contributions unless they complete 10 years of mandatory contributions.
“US workers in India face the same problem but since their numbers are few, it is not a pressing matter for the US. On the other hand, with no such agreement in place, it actually ends up gaining over $ 1 billion annually through contributions by Indian workers,” said the official.
India has been trying since 2007 to address this anomaly and had initiated discussions with the US Social Security Administration in December 2007. However, the US had argued that their social security system was not compatible with that of Indian, which is social security system, administered by the Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation.
India contends that both countries have signed such pacts with 17 countries in common and so there is some compatibility in their social security systems. Further, India has also launched the National Pension System, which is on the lines of social security schemes run in many countries.
While the US finally acknowledged these arguments in 2010, the issue has since then been on a backburner.

Lawyer: Family to Accept GM Ignition-Switch Offer
Appoint Coal India chief only through PESB route: PMOAt a press conference to mark 100 days of the NDA government, Goyal had said the government would look to appoint a CIL chief breaking away from the tradition of the PESB making the selection.
Written by Amitav Ranjan | New Delhi | Posted: September 29, 2014 12:58 am
Coal minister Piyush Goyal’s game plan to directly appoint a chairman for Coal India (CIL), rather than go through interviews by the Public Enterprise Selection Board, has boomeranged with the Prime Minister’s Office directing that a Search-cum-Selection Committee be formed to choose the candidate.
The PMO conveyed that the appointment process should be conducted through the PESB and retained its chairman as the head of the committee. The panel, besides other PESB members, would have coal secretary as a selector rather than just assisting, as he or she does during PESB selection process.
At a press conference to mark 100 days of the NDA government, Goyal had said the government would look to appoint a CIL chief breaking away from the tradition of the PESB making the selection.
The new chairman of CIL has a huge responsibility coming his way as the Supreme Court has cancelled 214 blocks allowing the government to hold auctions or give them to the state-run miner after the existing private companies wrap up their operations in six months.
Sources said PMO declined to raise the current pay band of Rs 80,000-Rs 1,25,000 to lure non-government executives but agreed to open the slot for private sector professionals. In April 2013, UPA government stopped shortlisting of applicants from state PSUs and private sector permitted since April 2008.
Goyal was pushing for a larger talent pool available in the private sector to enable the selection process of to be more vibrant and to turn around fortunes at the world’s largest coal producer.
The Search-Cum-Selection Committee on September 19 directed government headhunter PESB to invite executives from private sector as well as state PSUs to apply along with Central PSU executives and government officials.
The Committee opened the process for executives from unlisted companies as well but modified the eligibility norm by restricting it only to directors and CEOs and raising the minimum corporate annual turnover threshold.
“Private sector executives must be working as whole time Director/President/CEO in a listed company whose average annual turnover during the last three financial years (2011-12, 2012-13 and 2013-14) was at least Rs 5,000 crore,” says the PESB circular.
For executives from unlisted companies, it added a clause that the average annual turnover of the group to which it belongs should be at least Rs 10,000 crore and the holding company or at least one of the subsidiaries of the group should be listed on a stock exchange.
Before April 2103, any private sector professional, irrespective of his position, could apply for a director level position provided his company’s annual turnover was Rs continued…

More than half of US unlikely to do business in India: StudyPress Trust of India | New York | Posted: September 29, 2014 3:52 pm
More than half of executives in the US are less likely to do business in India because of infrastructure issues, according to a new study.
The study was conducted by APCO, a global communication, stakeholder engagement and business strategy firm, in close association with the Alliance for US India Business (AUSIB).
The study found that IT highlights the fact that leaders in both nations wish to evolve from diplomatic stand-still and breed friendly ties with each other motivated by the economic benefits and political stability.
Noting that business Executives in both countries see huge opportunities as far as economic growth is concerned, the survey said most US executives see India as top destination for investment and 70 per cent US traders acknowledge that the economic relations are headed in right direction.
Ninety five per cent of Indian executives want India to focus on infrastructure.
“52 per cent investors from the US don’t invest in India only because of poor infrastructure facilities. Both nations rank first as Investment destination,” the report said.
The study pointed relationship health checker against the negative pointers that can hamper the evolution of trade.
“Major concerns are Visa restrictions, Chinese grip on market and Outsourcing challenges. Executives are willing to settle in the other country if stability is provided in the long-run based on ethical backing and lower tariffs and taxation,” the report added.

Sensex ends lower in volatile trade ahead of RBI policy reviewPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 29, 2014 4:41 pm
In volatile trade, the benchmark Sensex today fell about 29 points as participants adopted a cautious stance ahead of the RBI policy review on Tuesday.
Profit-booking and a weakening rupee that depreciated 47 paise against the dollar to 61.58 intra-day also weighed on the stock market sentiment, equity brokers said.
The BSE Sensex after commencing on a higher note, continued to rise and touched intra-day high of 26,715.77. However, off-loading of positions by participants and profit-booking in select counters pushed it back to close at 26,597.11, down 29.21 points, or 0.11 per cent. Intra-day, it had touched the day’s low of 26,518.01.
The Sensex gained 157.96 points on Friday after S&P raised India’s outlook to stable from negative.
In the 30-share Sensex today, 21 closed with losses, while nine others ended higher. Interest rate sensitive stocks such as ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, HDFC and Axis Bank edged lower ahead of RBI policy outcome.
On similar lines, the 50-share NSE index Nifty after moving both ways, ended 9.95 points, or 0.12 per cent down at 7,958.90. It shuttled between 7,991.75 and 7,934.70 intra-day.
Sentiments turned weak as funds and investors were seen trimming their positions ahead of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) monetary policy review tomorrow.
The weakness in rupee against US dollar, helped IT stocks to close in positive zone. Shares of TCS surged 3.17 per cent, Wipro up 1.18 per cent and Infosys gained 1.90 per cent.
Overall trading was tepid in this holiday-shortened week ahead as markets will remain closed on Thursday and Friday for Mahatma Gandhi Jayanthi and Dussehra respectively.
Major losers, which dragged down the indices were Bajaj Auto, Coal India, Dr Reddy, Hero Moto, Maruti Suzuki, ONGC, Sesa Sterlite, Tata Motors, Tata Power and Tata Steel.
Sectorwise, the BSE Metal sector index suffered the most by plunging 1.11 per cent, followed by FMCG index (0.92 per cent), Banking index (0.91 per cent), Auto index (0.44 per cent), Oil & Gas (0.37 per cent), Realty index (0.25 per cent) and Capital Goods index (0.24 per cent).
Asian stocks ended mixed. European markets were weak in early trade as a measure of euro-area economic confidence declined.
Meanwhile, provisional data showed that Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 1,133.64 crore last Friday.

Diesel retailers may slash pricesSave this video
Copy URL
Diesel prices are to be slashed by as much as Rs 2 tomorrow as crude oil prices remain soft. Sources told ET Now that the fuel retailers are likely to pass on the profit margin to the consumers.
116

America Inc hails PM Modi s visionSave this video
Copy URL
American CEOs, including Indian-origin PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, are all praise fro PM Narendra Modi after the breakfast meet in New York.
357

Rupee hits 7-month low ahead of RBI policy reviewPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 2:20 am
The rupee on Monday slipped to a seven-month low against a surging dollar as it closed at 61.53. The domestic currency, which had over the months stabilised to a below-60 level, dipped ahead of the Reserve Bank’s monetary policy review on Tuesday primarily due to a rise in dollar demand by importers and net outflow of funds by foreign institutional investors (FIIs).
Over the last four trading sessions, FIIs have pulled out a net of Rs 2,304 crore from Indian equities and an aggregate of Rs 4,105 crore from the debt and equity markets combined.
While the softening of global crude oil prices may offer the much-needed comfort to the RBI in terms of targeting inflation, a slip in the rupee against the dollar just takes away the advantage as a depreciating rupee will make imports costlier. It may be a cause of concern for the central bank that will meet on Tuesday for its fourth bi-monthly monetary policy review.
Over the last two months, while the Brent crude prices have softened by almost 10 per cent to below $97/barrel, rupee has depreciated by almost 3 per cent against the dollar.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced lower at 61.35 a dollar from previous close of 61.15. It immediately touched a high of 61.31 on initial firmness in local equities. However, later, it fell sharply to a low of 61.59 before closing the day at 61.53 with a fall of 38 paise or 0.62 per cent.
This is its weakest level since March 5, 2014, when it closed at 61.75. On Friday, the rupee rose by 19 paise or 0.31 per cent. Dollar has appreciated against other Asian currencies too. The Japanese yen headed towards the 110 mark after US data showed the economy expanded at its fastest pace since 2011 during the April-June quarter.
Following the FII outflow and decline in rupee, the equity markets too have fallen over the last one week. The Sensex had lost 2.2 per cent or 609 points over the last five trading sessions. On Monday the Sensex fell marginally by 29 points or 0.11 per cent.

FIPB to take up HDFC Banks foreign investment proposal on October 21Print
Written by Surabhi | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 2:33 am
The country’s largest private sector lender HDFC Bank will have to wait a few more weeks for the government clearance for an increase in its foreign investment limit. This is because the meeting of the Foreign Investment and Promotion Board that was scheduled for later this week has now been pushed back to October 21.
“The FIPB will now meet on October 21 as against the earlier date of October 1. The agenda for the meeting will remain the same,” said a senior government official.
The bank has now submitted a fresh proposal seeking post -facto confirmation of its foreign investment of 74 per cent.
“A decision should hopefully be taken in the next meeting as the case has been pending for long. All comments have also been received,” said the official.
HDFC Bank had last year approached the FIPB to increase the foreign holding in the bank to 67.55 per cent from 49 per cent. However, according to FDI norms, foreign investment up to 49 per cent in banks can be done through the automatic route. But a bank is expected to take FIPB approval to increase its foreign shareholding limit (FII and FDI) beyond 49 per cent up to 74 per cent. At the end of June 2014, foreign institutional investment (FII) in HDFC Bank was 33.93 per cent while foreign investors hold another 16.90 per cent shares through ADRs and GDRs, according to data from the Bombay Stock Exchange.
According to sources, the finance ministry as well as the department of industrial policy and promotion have contended that the promoter HDFC Ltd’s 22.56 per cent stake in HDFC Bank is foreign investment. So if the bank’s proposal to raise foreign investment to 67.55 per cent is accepted, it would exceed the cap of 74 per cent.

RBI keeps interest rate unchanged at 8 per centReserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan kept its key policy repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent. (PTI)
Reuters | Mumbai | Posted: September 30, 2014 8:51 am | Updated: September 30, 2014 11:55 am
Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan today left all key rates unchanged citing increased risks to inflation and difficult external situation especially on the geopolitical front.
This is the fourth consecutive time that the RBI has kept key interest rates unchanged despite clamours from the industry to cut rates to boost economy.
The short-term lending rate (repo) rate now stands at 8 per cent, and the cash reserve requirement of banks at 4 per cent. The statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) has also been retained at 22 per cent.
Explaining the rationale for status quo policy, Rajan said though WPI inflation has ebbed to levels consistent with 8 per cent inflation by January 2015, “there are risks from food price shocks as the full effects of the monsoon’s passage unfold, and from geo-political developments that could materialise rapidly.”
He said that there are “uncertainties” over food inflation even though 6 per cent retail inflation target by January 2016 remains a possibility.
“The future policy stance will be influenced by the RBI’s projections of inflation relative to the medium term objective of 6 percent by January 2016, while being contingent on incoming data,” Rajan said.
The RBI also retained the growth projection for the current fiscal at 5.5 per cent. The apex bank sees FY16 growth at 6.3 per cent.
Stock markets remained flat with BSE Sensex at 26,626 points.
 

Honda Motorcycles signs agreement with Gujarat for setting up two-wheeler unitThe agreement was signed in presence of Gujarat Chief minister Anandi Patel, stated an official release from the state government here. (Reuters)
Express News Service | Ahmedabad | Posted: September 30, 2014 7:55 pm
Japanese two-wheeler manufacturer, Honda Motorcycle and Scooters India (HMSI) on Tuesday inked a formal agreement with the Gujarat government to set up a Rs 1100 crore two-wheeler manufacturing unit at Vithalapur in Ahmedabad district of the state.
A State Support Agreement (SSA) was signed at Gandhinagar between the President and CEO of HMSI, Keita Muramatsu and the additional chief secretary (industries and mines), DJ Pandian. The agreement was signed in presence of Gujarat Chief minister Anandi Patel, stated an official release from the state government here.
As per this agreement, the company will set up a unit that will have a capacity to manufacture 1.2 million two-wheelers annually. This unit which is near the Japanese industrial estate will also provide employment to about 2000 people, added the release. The Indian Express had reported in January this year that the company had acquired 200 acres of land directly from the farmers near Vithalapur at about Rs 20 lakh per acre which is in close proximity to the Japanese Industrial Estate and the upcoming Maruti Suzuki car manufacturing plant.
This is the second two-wheeler manufacturer to set up base in Gujarat after Honda’s rival Hero MotoCorp decided to acquire 250 acres of land to set up a similar Rs 1100 crore two-wheeler plant at Halol near Vadodara.
This unit in Ahmedabad district will be HMSI’s fourth plant, after the ones in Haryana, Rajasthan and Karnataka. Chief minister Patel described the agreement as yet another milestone for a Gujarat that is fast turning into an “auto-hub”.

Task forces set up to lay down roadmap for new regulatory bodiesPrint
New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 11:16 am
The government on Tuesday announced setting up of four task forces to lay down the roadmap for developing four new regulatory agencies — Public Debt Management Agency (PDMA), Financial Sector Appellate Tribunal (FSAT), Financial Data Management Centre (FDMC) and Resolution Corporation (RC).
The setting up of these four agencies, along with restructuring of the existing regulatory agencies, was suggested by the Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission (FSLRC) in its March 2013 report.
The terms of reference of the four task forces will be to study the international best practices for debt management, procedural rules of courts and tribunals, information systems, and resolution mechanisms, and develop the organisational design and financial plans for setting up the four agencies.
Each task force will have 8-13 members drawn from current and former members in the government and the judiciary, and existing financial sector regulators like the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), and Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda), among others.
The task force on PDMA will be headed by former Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA) chairman Dhirendra Swarup. The task force on FSAT will be headed by Justice NK Sodhi, former chief justice of Kerala and Karnataka high courts and former presiding officer of the securities appellate tribunal. The task force on FDMC will be headed by former RBI deputy governor Subir Gokarn and the task force on RC will be headed by former Sebi chairman M Damodaran.
fe Bureau | The Financial Express
 

Wrong climate in IndiaNew approach to environment issues called for
October 1, 2014:  
At the UN meet on climate change held in New York last week, China and India kept a low profile. The meet was meant to set the tone for the big bang conclave in Paris in December 2015. Paris is expected to draw up another pact on emission cuts to replace the Kyoto Protocol, which lapsed in December 2012. China and India should have played a bigger role in New York, being two of the top emerging economies and, yes, among the top five emitters of greenhouse gases as well. They must be in the fray for hammering out a workable future plan.
As a developing country, can India brush aside emission reduction? Scientists have claimed that in 2013, India’s carbon emissions grew by 5.1 per cent, the highest for any country, even though its emissions make up just 6.5 per cent of the world’s total, against 28 per cent in the case of China and 14 per cent in the case of the US. While it is true that some 400 million Indians do not have access to electricity it does not imply that the sky is the limit for India’s greenhouse emissions. India’s per capita statistics conceal inequalities in access to energy — between the rural and the urban, and between income groups. For instance, about 70 per cent of rural households have access to electricity, and within that only 40 per cent among socially and economically backward groups.
The well-to-do urban Indian consumes more energy than he needs — in terms of electricity, energy-intensive buildings and automobiles. As a developing country we need not concede ground on climate talks. But we can draw up our own plan for emission cuts and more equal energy access. The single-minded pursuit of growth at the expense of the environment is not such a great idea.
(A Srinivas is Deputy Editor)
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Censor and sensibilityA weekly column that helps you ask the right questions
October 1, 2014:  
Another Austen pastiche?
No, it’s actually Chinese social media, which just had its most censored day this past week.
On their Twitter-like app?
The rate at which censors removed posts from Weibo, China’s most popular microblogging service, has been increasing in the last few months, but it hit an all-time high of 150 posts deleted out of every 10,000 last Sunday.
Is that a large number?
Weiboscope, a web analytics project based in Hong Kong university, said that Chinese web censorship on September 28 was more than double that on June 4 this year, which was the 25th anniversary of the 1989 Tiananmen student protests. And those protests have been all but erased from official Chinese history.
So, were they deleting only tweets?
No, search results from Baidu, the mainland’s biggest search engine, kept disappearing. As did thousands of photographs from Instagram as users kept receiving this message: ‘Can’t refresh feed.’ Twitter is already blocked there. Facebook and Google are occasionally turned off when their usage takes on political contours.
What are those censors so excited about?
Sunday’s most deleted terms were ‘Hong Kong’ and ‘police’, and obviously any search result that has to do with the ongoing pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong.
Doesn’t Hong Kong already have more freedom than the rest of China?
Hong Kong used to be a British colony but was handed over to China in 1997 on an agreement (the ‘one country, two systems’ deal) that the city would be afforded a lot more freedom in its administration than the rest of China. It was also promised democratic elections and universal suffrage in 2017.
And China did something to upset the balance?
China is clearly reluctant to cede control of the city, given Hong Kong’s status as one of the world’s premier financial centres. Chinese companies float their IPOs in Hong Kong and foreign investments into China are routed this way. Hong Kong is also something of a financial reform laboratory for China. The government has been trying to make the yuan acceptable as a global currency through trade settlements in Hong Kong; yuan-denominated bonds are issued here.
What sparked the protests?
Beijing’s interference, so to speak, has been gradual. In 2012, thousands of teachers, students, and parents in Hong Kong marched against the introduction of ‘national education’ lessons in school syllabi, intended to instil a Chinese identity in students. Textbooks were given a pro-Communist Party version of Chinese history. More recently, Beijing published a white paper claiming it has complete jurisdiction over Hong Kong and that it would screen candidates running in the 2017 election to be the city’s chief executive.
That’s not very democratic.
Exactly. Protestors believe that all of the screened candidates would be pro-Beijing, further restricting Hong Kong’s freedoms.
And are they getting around the social media blackout?
Protestors are turning to the FireChat app, which uses Bluetooth instead of the internet, to communicate. But Bluetooth only works over short distances, so the censors have considerably slowed down the rate at which messages can be passed on. And since media in the mainland is all pro-Beijing, people there are barely aware of the storm brewing to their south.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

The saath-saath momentTweet
Modi’s US visit highlights a maturing of ties between the two democracies beyond traditional foreign policy metrics
It is both interesting and revealing that while Prime Minister Narendra Modi was on his maiden official visit to the US, CEOs of two major American corporations — Amazon’s Jeff Bezos and Microsoft’s Satya Nadella — were in India; next week, it’s Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg’s turn. These, if anything, demonstrate how relations between nations are being increasingly powered not by heads of states and diplomats, but by businesses and people-to-people contact in a globalised and inter-dependent world. While the Green Revolution here in the 1960s was largely a collaborative effort between public sector breeders and government officials in the US and India, it is the likes of Monsanto, DuPont, Cargill and New Holland that are the real drivers of change in our farms today. That Modi’s packed five-day schedule included not just holding bilateral talks with US President Barack Obama and addressing the United Nations General Assembly, but also speaking to a 20,000-strong gathering of the Indian diaspora and a breakfast meeting with the chiefs of 11 large American companies, is perhaps only an acknowledgment of this reality.
It would be wrong, nevertheless, to underestimate the importance of bilateral ties and diplomacy. Investing in them matters for imparting confidence among people of two countries to work, travel and do business in each other’s territory. A country such as India, keen to attract foreign capital, especially in infrastructure and high-tech manufacturing, has to provide a stable and conducive policy environment for investments. This obviously can come only when investors believe there is a government that is business-friendly and has the mandate to do what it takes to make things happen. A primary purpose of Modi’s visit was probably to convey both messages. The promise to convert the recent Supreme Court order cancelling virtually all coal block allotments made since 1993 into “an opportunity to move forward” (presumably in the direction of de-nationalisation and opening up the sector) and to “end tax terrorism” was only part of this direct reach-out. It was almost like saying: Trust me, and I’m here for the next five years at least.
But it will take more than just personal assurances for investments, American or others, to actually start flowing in. Investors ultimately want action, not talk. Modi’s government in its four months so far has not implemented any major reforms — be it introduction of legislative changes for ushering in a nationwide Goods and Services Tax, restructuring the subsidy regime in fertilisers and food, or revising domestic natural gas prices. It is only when they see these reforms happening will businesses start believing in the Government’s intent, and make investments. As the virtuous cycle of investment, job creation and consumption returns, everybody would want to partake in the India growth story. And that would be the true chalein saath saath (together we go forward) moment for India’s relations — with the US and beyond.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Sears to sell most of Canadian unit to raise cash8
The Hoffman Estates-based retailer has been bleeding cash for years and has been selling or spinning off business units, including Lands' End, to stay afloat. It has been trying to sell its stake in Sears Canada for some time. A year ago, Sears put the market value of its 51 percent stake in the company at $675 million.
Evan Mann, an analyst at corporate bond research service Gimme Credit, said the move appears to confirm suspicions that Sears was having a hard time finding a buyer.
“If you can't sell it, push it onto shareholders,” Mann said in a note. He repeated earlier conclusions that “although near term sources of liquidity appear adequate, we remain skeptical regarding the company's longer term credit prospects.”
If the rights offering of the 40 million Sears Canada shares goes as planned, Sears will have generated $1.45 billion in liquidity this year to help fund operations, as it tries to transform from a department store chain to its Shop Your Way members-based loyalty program.
The company said this year that it aimed to raise $1 billion.
Last month, Sears got a short-term secured loan of $400 million from ESL to help it through the crucial holiday season, a measure meant to increase confidence that instead sent Sears' stock price plummeting. A week earlier, Fitch Ratings had downgraded Sears' credit rating and questioned whether it has enough cash to support operations beyond 2016.
In a separate release, Sears Canada said it intends to cooperate with the rights offering and is extending the licensing agreement to continue to use the Sears name.
Sears Canada also has been struggling financially as competitors like Target entered the Canadian market, and late last month its CEO, Douglas Campbell, resigned after less than a year on the job.
Sears Canada stock closed down 1 percent, at $11 Canadian, on the Toronto stock exchange Thursday. Sears will retain 12 million shares in Sears Canada valued at about $113 million, or about 12 percent of the company.
On the Nasdaq, Sears shares closed Thursday at $27.06, up nearly 7.5 percent.

Funky Fast Food: McDonald s Debuts Black BurgerMcDonald's matches Burger King's black burger
Ben Popken TODAY
Email
McDonald's strikes black!
McDonald's Japan has launched its own black bun burger to compete with the one its fast food rival Burger King unveiled there last month.
The "Squid Ink Burger" from McDonald's costs $3.40 and sports two patties between buns dyed black with squid ink. That's the only part of it that's black. Its sauce and spicy cheese are yellow. It's also topped by  fried onions. 
McDonald's Japan
An image of the McDonald's Squid Ink Burger for sale in Japan.
Meanwhile, besides black buns, Burger King's "Kuro Burger" also has black cheese and black sauce. Both of those toppings are colored with bamboo charcoal. The sauce is also colored with squid ink.
The "Kuro," which means "black," comes in a $4.49 basic "Pearl" version and the $6.45 "Diamond" variety, featuring lettuce, tomato, onion, and mayo.
Both chains have released the burgers as limited-time Halloween-themed offerings. Perhaps the only thing spookier than biting into a "burger of darkness" is missing out on the chance to do it.
Tags:

ONGC & OIL may get blocks on nomination in NortheastE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Crash coming Fear these 30 stocksCrash coming? Fear these 30 stocks
By: Matt Krantz October 2, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Mark J. Rebilas-US PRESSWIRE
“Correction” talk is back. Investors fear the market’s troubles will worsen. But one thing’s for sure: There is a group of stocks that turn toxic when the market goes seriously south.
There are 30 stocks in the current Standard & Poor’s 500, including broker E-Trade (ETFC) , Goodyear Tire (GT) and The Gap (GPS) that have declined by more than the market in each and every of the past five 10% market corrections, according to a USA TODAY review of data from S&P Capital IQ.
It might seem premature to think about battening down the hatches just because the market has been turbulent a few days. The S&P 500 is only 3% below its record high set last month. Even so, there are some serious cracks in the market already showing investors hope aren’t a harbinger for something worse. The Russell 2000 index of small companies is now down 10.2% from its March 4 closing high . That’s correction territory.
The market is certainly overdue for a correction by some measures. There hasn’t been a 10% correction since the S&P 500 dropped 19.4% between April 29, 2011 and Oct. 3, 2011, says Sam Stovall of S&P Capital IQ. Below are the other recent 10% corrections in the S&P 500:
High date
-19.4%
Source: Sam Stovall of S&P Capital IQ
Living though a 10% decline by the broad market is bad enough. But investors sitting in certain stocks have felt the pain is just pain ugly.
Financials have been a very bad spot to be during corrections. More than half the stocks that have been beaten up by more than the market in each of the past five downturns have been financials. The rest of the 14 stocks hail from three other sectors: Consumer discretionary, industrials and materials.
Source: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAY research via Microsoft Excel
What about on the individual stock level?
Take the example of online broker E-Trade. It’s hard to find a worse stock to be in during a correction. Shares of E-Trade have crashed an average of 39% during the past corrections, much worse than the average decline 15.5% by the S&P 500 during the same time period. During the last correction, which ended in Oct. 2011, E-Trade dropped an astounding 48.5%. That’s enough to make a baby cry.
Chart source: Yahoo Finance
Online brokers take it on the chin when the market goes into correction mode. Makes logical sense. When the market tanks, traders cool it that cuts commissions. Not far behind E-Trade as an ugly stock during corrections is Charles Schwab (SCHW) . That discount broker has dropped an average of 37% over the past five corrections. Ouch!
But consumer discretionary stocks suffer mightily during corrections, too. Consider Goodyear Tire. The stock catered 48% on average during the past five corrections. When the market is crashing, consumers put off any purchases they can — at least, investors think they will. It’s hard to justifying buying that extra sweater you don’t need when stocks are crashing. The Gap has fallen 32% on average during the past five corrections, including 32% during the most recent one.
Chart source: MSN Money
Clearly, there’s not a playbook that has to be followed when recessions hit. And there’s nothing to say that there’s a correction coming for the broad market at all. So far, it’s just the small stocks that are down 10%. Besides, the market has had near misses with 10% declines before only to promptly head higher.
But investors should at least know where the pain might be centered if things do get worse.
The 30 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500 that have underperformed the market in each and every of the past five 10% or greater corrections:
Company

D.C. native Ben Feldman on visits home  his new sitcom  and that nipple in a boxBy Emily Heil October 2 Follow @emilyaheil
Former "Mad Men" star Ben Feldman dishes on the similarities between his former role on AMC's drama and his character on the new NBC romantic comedy "A to Z." (Editor’s note: This video contains graphic content.) (JulieAnn McKellogg/The Washington Post)
In “Mad Men,” brilliant-but-disturbed copywriter Michael Ginsburg might have had just a few daddy issues. But Ben Feldman, the actor who played him on the AMC hit, has a much healthier family dynamic.
In fact, Feldman, a D.C. native, will be watching the premier of his new NBC rom-com sitcom, “A to Z,” (it’s his latest project; alas, Ginsburg exited “Mad Men” in a blaze of nipple-slicing glory), in the living room of his parent’s Potomac home, surrounded by neighbors and his parents’ friends. Feldman says his parents had planned to host some people to watch, and the guest list grew when they learned that their son would be in the area on a publicity swing for the show.
“It’s going to be like Jewish Potomac…basically, it’s going to be like a bar mitzvah,” he said.
Feldman, 34, grew up in Washington’s Chevy Chase neighborhood and attended Churchill High School, where he says he was a bridge between theater nerds and the cooler crowd. “I was the theater kid, but my friends were all the guys who made fun of the theater kids, so I was in that weird in-between place,” he said. “I was what kept them from being complete jerks to the theater department.”
His interest in drama — he was a stage actor before taking TV and movie roles including on “Drop Dead Diva” and “The Mindy Project” – was fueled by taking in shows with his mom at Studio Theatre, where they had season tickets. “There was nothing cooler than going there,” he says.
Though the L.A.-dwelling actor left the DMV for Ithaca College and later lived in Manhattan, Feldman says he looks forward to trips home —  now that he’s old enough to properly appreciate the city.
“Plus, it’s gotten super, super cool in the last decade,” he says.
Like an in-the-know local, he sent a friend from out of town out along the 14th Street corridor, with instructions to find Pearl Dive Oyster bar, among other spots. Later,  he and pals met up at hip Thai restaurant Little Serow, known for scorchingly spicy dishes. “I couldn’t talk without sneezing but it was so worth it.”
We sat down with him to chat romantic gestures (that nipple?) romantic comedies, and online dating: VIDEO .
Emily Heil is the co-author of the Reliable Source and previously helped pen the In the Loop column with Al Kamen.

Fix It! - 10 Steps to More Effective Problem-Solvingreddit
We've spoken elsewhere on The Blog of the importance of carefully planning any meeting or team work-session to make sure it achieves its intended results.  Perhaps nowhere is this more important than when you're problem-solving.  If it's true, as has been said, that the essence of running a business is "getting up every day and solving today's problem," then effective problem-solving goes to the heart of every successful enterprise.
Yet, too often in our experience, the process of clearly defining a problem, taking it apart, investigating causes and identifying effective solutions is a "make-it-up-as-you-go" exercise. And, the process of planning the implementation of those solutions and making sure they actually happen is often sketchier still.
There's no reason why such an important business activity can't be more rigorous and effective every time you confront a problem you need to solve in your business.  And the following ten-step process can help you make it that way:
Step One:  Ensure Clarity and Understanding of the Problem
As the old saying goes, "a problem well-defined is 75 percent solved."  At the outset, then, don't make the mistake of "assuming" everyone understands the problem the same way.  Instead, before doing anything else, work out, together, an agreed-upon, written definition of the problem.  For instance: "We need to reduce our overall corporate spend by at least 20 percent."  Or "We are taking too long to replace a customer's lost/stolen debit card; we need to do it in half the time it takes us now."
Step Two: Take the Problem Apart
Complex problems are always multi-faceted, comprising many parts, elements or causes.  Spend careful time identifying those and listing them.  For instance, for the "corporate spend" problem different aspects might be the money spent on new computer systems, expensive sales meetings, telephone charges, consulting projects, entertaining customers, etc.  In the debit card issue, there are all the different steps or phases in the card-replacement process; who does them and how; forms to be filled out at each step; the role of the outside vendor who produces the actual plastic cards, etc.
Step Three: Categorize Problem Elements
Here you want to cluster all the elements of the problem you've identified into categories so that you can better see the problem's different dimensions.  Sometimes generic categories will do, such as "People," "Policies," "Procedures" and "Systems.  Other times, as with the "spend" problem above, the elements might cluster under categories such as "professional services," or "travel and entertainment," "capital expenditures," etc.
Step Four:  Identify the Top Priority Categories
Following the old "80/20" rule that says that eighty percent of a problem is the result of 20 percent of the factors involved, allow team members to "vote" for the category or categories that they believe contribute most to the overall problem.  Staying with the "spend" example, for instance, this might reveal that expenditures for "professional services" or "travel and entertainment" represent the greatest opportunity to reduce overall costs.
Step Five: Analyze the Problem
Now that you've identified the categories or dimensions that you think contribute most to the problem, it's time to look deeper within these areas. You want to understand possible causes that will then suggest effective solutions.  So, for instance, in the case of the debit card problem, we find that "inconsistent procedures" contribute to slowing the card-replacement process.  Looking deeper reveals that inconsistent "customer-data forms" result in inaccurate information that must be reconciled, then reworked, causing significant process delay.
Step Six: Identify Solutions
If you've done your work well up to this point, your solutions will sometimes be quite obvious.  For example, in the debit card case, if inconsistent data forms are causing rework and delay, the obvious solution is to revise all data forms to a consistent standard to eliminate inconsistencies and speed up the process.  Selecting the right solutions will not always be this easy, however.  Hence, Step Seven.
Step Seven:  Priortize for "Payoff"
We often use a 2x2 chart called a "payoff matrix" at this stage. For each possible solution idea, it allows you to compare "ease of implementation" (hi/lo) against "impact on the problem" (hi/lo) as a way of ensuring that you pick solutions most likely to solve the problem with the least amount of effort and resources.
Step Eight: Plan Solution Implementation
At this stage it is absolutely critical to identify the specific, concrete, actionable steps required to implement each one of your chosen solutions.  These should be listed in the sequence in which you'll execute them.  So, for the debit card problem, for example:  "1) Collect all customer data forms, 2) Review for accuracy and consistency, 3) Revise inconsistencies, etc., etc."
Step Nine:  Identify Responsible Individuals
To ensure that problems actually get fixed you must create what we call an "accountability structure."  The first step is identifying the individuals who will actually implement the fixes.  You should identify an "owner" for each complete solution and its associated "action plan."  And, in addition, each action step of the "action plan" should be accompanied by the name of the individual who will execute that specific step.
Step Ten:  Define an Implementation Time-Table
Each step of your "action plan" should be accompanied by a "delivery date," that is, the date by which that step will be completed by the person responsible.  Together these dates comprise your implementation schedule and provide you with a concrete tool by which to effectively manage the execution of the "fix" to that particular problem.
Steps one through seven above will help you to conceptually solve problems more effectively in your work teams.  But as any good business person knows, conceptual fixes don't get the job done.  For that, you need effective execution in the real world. And since we believe in the old saw "you can expect what you inspect," Steps eight through ten provide you with a framework to ensure that real-world fixes get implemented accountably, effectively and on time.
Taken together, these ten steps provide an approach that has become a "best-practice" for us in working with our clients' work teams. We urge you to try it.  We're confident it will work for you, too!
Ray Gagnon is Principal and founder of Gagnon Associates, a management consulting firm located in Metro-West Boston, Massachusetts, USA, with a long-standing practice in GE Work-Out , Business Process Improvement , and other methodologies requiring effective teaming and problem-solving.
More:

4 Cornerstones for Federal Achievementreddit
In order to succeed in business and in life, you have to be willing to change. Without change, there can be no growth. In order to get what you've never had, you have to become someone you've never been.
Many of us see change as threatening. In the minds of some, it is the destroyer of what is familiar and comfortable rather than the creator of what is new and exciting.
Unfortunately, comfort is the enemy of excellence.
Motivational Speaker Nido Qubein often says, "For the timid, change is frightening, for the comfortable, change is threatening, but for the confident, change is opportunity."
What will you do with your current opportunity?
In order to grow and achieve new heights in your career, you must make a commitment to change. Change leads to growth. Focus your attention on growing in areas that will add value to you personally and professionally.
In your career, ask what gives you the greatest return. What activity do you do in your work that outshines others? We all have areas of strength. Get excellent in those areas. Don't let your comfort zone kill the excellence within your reach.
In five years you will be somewhere. Where you end up will be determined by what you do every day up till then. If you truly desire to get paid more and promoted faster you have to improve a little bit every day. It's the decisions we make every day that either get is us a little closer to our goals or farther away.
New York Times Best-Selling Author Brendon Burchard, says there are four cornerstones to achievement. If you truly want to succeed in your career, you need to develop these four attributes:
Desire
Discipline
Distraction Radar
Desire - You have to really want it. You should be enthusiastic about this new endeavor. It should make you feel alive. It might even keep you up at night. Your desire to develop greater KSAs (Knowledge, Skills and Abilities) will lead to you becoming a better person in the process because the challenges you will encounter will stretch you as a person which will lead to your growth. When you become a better person in your own life, you automatically become a better person in your career.
Direction - Desire is one thing, but you need to harness it by learning to stretch your competency. You have to be willing to:
Take a class

Why I Regret Being a Nice BossThe manager of a very nice place should not be very nice.
Photo courtesy Carli Jean Miller/Unsplash
Recently I met a friend at one of my favorite coffeehouses on the Upper East Side in Manhattan. I don’t live in the neighborhood, but I’m willing to go out of my way because the place has good coffee, a tranquil atmosphere, and free Wi-Fi, and there’s always a place to sit. When I arrived, though, I found that the place had changed. There were signs all around in red ink: “You MUST buy something if you are going to be here.” “WIFI is now $10.” A woman whom I presumed to be the owner could be overheard lecturing the staff to keep their breaks short and remarking that disgruntled customers would just have to deal with the new Wi-Fi policy.
As the owner hovered tensely around the tables, my friend and I felt watched and unwelcome. “Our” place was ruined, and it was the owner’s fault! But with my irritation came a pang of recognition. I had been in the owner’s shoes; I knew firsthand that her prickliness was likely masking desperation. This business is struggling, I thought. Perhaps it was even on the precipice of financial ruin.
In 2012, after two years of business in Washington, D.C., I closed my coffeehouse-cum–yogurt shop, Yola . As much as we tried to minimize expenses, we faced one insurmountable obstacle: The rent was too damn high. These days, our failure to foresee that obstacle doesn’t bother me much. But watching the woman on the Upper East Side reminded me of those less obvious failures that still nag at me two years later: the moments when I wasn’t a good manager. I could see parallels with my own mistakes; though she was lashing out at her customers and employees, those people weren’t the problem at all. The problem was structural.
Advertisement
When you open a small business, you are making a statement about what you expect of customers and employees. This woman had built a cozy place with plenty of seating and free Wi-Fi; therefore, she was sending the signal “Come! Stay all day!” So people did. Presumably she also sent a signal to her employees to take ill-timed or over-leisurely breaks. Almost every “person problem” is really a structure problem—a crack in the system where the rule-makers have failed to effectively communicate with the rule-followers.
Failed and despotic governments have some parallels with failing businesses.
Back when I ran Yola, a quotation attributed to George Patton often came into my head: “Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do, and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.” Personal ingenuity flourishes when there is a strong structural foundation in place—when people know exactly what is expected of them. Yes, telling grown adults when they can take breaks, exactly how to slice a scone out of a baking sheet, and exactly how many minutes late they can be before getting a “write-up” feels paternalistic. But it eliminates the uncertainty at the root of most management-employee clashes. I hated writing up employees; it felt like the adult equivalent of a time-out, and I resisted it for a long time. When I finally did it, I met with the employee in the basement to discuss the situation. The interaction was surprisingly pleasant; he even looked relieved. And the effects reverberated among the other staff as well, putting an end to what was becoming a tardiness trend.
Not all businesses require that level of micromanagement. But establishing which rules are non-negotiable, and making sure that everyone understands them with crystalline clarity, is a matter of fairness. It’s the thing I wish I could go back and do over—not because it would have saved my business, but because everyone, myself included, would have been so much happier. I allowed my coffee shop to become characterized by permissiveness. Some took advantage of this permissiveness by making up excuses for being late, or by trying to do as little work as possible. Those who didn’t take advantage became resentful of the other employees, and of me. It brought out the worst in everyone.
Recently, I’ve been reading a lot about failed and despotic governments, and I’ve realized that these regimes have some parallels with failing businesses. The most fascinating parts of David Remnick’s account of the fall of the Soviet Union, Lenin’s Tomb , deal with the ways that depraved systems cause ordinary people to behave badly: “The system made beasts of them,” Remnick writes. Most people are only as good as their systems allow them to be. In my case, by trying to give my employees personal freedom—by trying to be nice—I created inadequate systems that didn’t allow them to thrive.
The idea that we must tell adults what to do and exactly how to do it is a hard pill to swallow for most. Writing about it now makes me pleased that I don’t have to do it anymore. But instead of thinking of it as telling people what to do, what if we see it as simply providing people with boundaries? That’s closer to something palatable, although the paternalism still makes me cringe. Since this kind of boundary-setting is what a food-industry boss needs, it seems there’s little hope for me in that line of work.
However, there could be hope for the woman on the Upper East Side. Though she appeared to be behaving badly, she was—in terms of the business, at least—on the right track. She was reassessing her vision for a coffee shop, trying to make it a place where people don’t sit all day and mooch off the Wi-Fi and where employees take well-timed breaks. She’s in the midst of finding the sweet spot between meeting her employees’ needs and doing what it takes for her business to survive. I’ve heard that she’s now reversed her $10 Wi-Fi policy. With a little grace and more thoughtful communication, she may yet turn her place around.
Laura Smith is a writer living in New York. Follow her on Twitter .

Paul Sancya / AP  file
The future of travel is sitting in your living room with a virtual reality headsetBy Caitlin Dewey October 2 Follow @caitlindewey
A user tries the “Teleporter” at the Marriott Marquis in downtown D.C. (Courtesy Marriott)
I have seen the future of travel, and it is an octagonal phone booth inside a hotel lobby.
After signing a waiver that promises you don’t often fall down or throw up, you step into the booth and place a headset over your eyes. “Would you like to be teleported?” a perky assistant asks — it’s a script they have to ask everyone. They also have to warn you that virtual reality can disorient, that you can grip the bars in front of you for balance, if you’d like.
I grip the bars. There’s a gradual buzzing in my ears. And by weird, surprising degrees, I find myself in the bar of a Baltimore hotel, an hour north of the D.C. hotel where I’m actually standing. The image is hyper-saturated and slightly cross-eyed, kind of like a 3D movie, but still convincing enough that when I look down and don’t see my arms, I don’t immediately know why.
The vision shifts. I’m on a beach in Hawaii. The booth gets warmer; there’s mist off the ocean. In a minute more, it’ll shift again: the floor moves beneath me and I’m looking out over London, the ground many, many indeterminable floors below, the wind picking up around me.
And then, like that, it’s over. Click. I’m in a lobby, feeling conspicuous, and the same high-octane assistant is pulling goggles off my head.
This is the “Teleporter,” as its creators have grandly dubbed it: a clever combination of Oculus VR’s DK2 headset, wireless headphones, and a series of “4D” elements embedded in a phonebooth-like tube — think fans, heat lamps, wafting scents — that conjures the illusion of being in a place one isn’t.
The actual footage (of a hotel bar in Baltimore, a black sand beach in Maui, and a skyscraper in London) was produced by the creative agency Relevent and shot by Framestore, the same team that did the CGI for Gravity. The whole thing was sponsored   by Marriott Hotels , which is currently touring the project through eight U.S. cities. (It’s an effort, Marriott says, to prove the chain’s appeal to the “next-generation” traveler.)
But commercial motives aside, the “Teleporter” is genuinely really cool. It’s a pretty novel application of Oculus’ virtual reality technology, which has, thus far, found very little mainstream commercial application outside of video games — even after Facebook plunked down $2 billion to acquire the company earlier this year.
The creation of Palmer Luckey, a 22-year-old developer/apparent child prodigy, the Rift is basically a special video display that mounts in front of the user’s eyes and responds to his or her movement. Early versions of the gadget gained a devoted following among the gaming community, which shelled out millions to support a Kickstarter for the project and quickly began developing games that could support it.
But even before Facebook acquired the company, to some controversy, earlier this year, it was obvious that Oculus’ virtual reality technology had appeal and applications far outside of gaming. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg went to far as to call Rift “the future of computing” — and argued, persuasively, that “immersive virtual and augmented reality will become a part of people’s everyday life.” Meanwhile, fields as disparate as architecture and phobia therapy have begun looking into ways to incorporate Rift into their work. Oculus recently hired the producer Eugene Chung to serve as its director of film and media , the better to push virtual reality into new fields; someday, its founders argue, virtual worlds will be places we enter and exit at will — whether to watch a movie, or play a videogame, or “travel” across the globe.
The spot from which the “Teleporter” team shot their London footage.  (Courtesy Marriott Hotels)
Oculus is rumored to be releasing its first consumer headset by the end of 2015; from there, the headset’s inventor has argued , the only thing limiting its mainstream applications will be the technical skill and ambition, not to mention budget, of the people designing for it. (A Marriott spokesperson declined to elaborate on how much the hotel chain had paid to develop its “Teleporter,” but given the complexity and expense of creating 3-D panoramic videos, it probably wasn’t cheap.)
All this raises an interesting, if entirely hypothetical, question: If, in the distant future, people can travel by Oculus Rift … won’t that put hotels out of business?
“We’re not really worried about that,” said Michael Dail, a Marriott spokesman. The hotel chain imagines a future where people will use its “Teleporter” to try on vacations before they actually go. “The best parts of travel — relating to the culture, meeting people — can never be replaced by virtual reality. No matter how good the technology gets.”
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

5 reasons a 10% correction may be bullish5 reasons why a 10% correction could be bullish
By: Adam Shell October 2, 2014 3:00 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Oct. 1, 2014. (Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
If the S&P 500 stock index keeps tumbling and goes on to post its first 10% price correction in three years, many Wall Street pros say it might actually be a good thing for the stock market.
“You never want to hope for a correction, but we are overdue,” says Bill Hornbarger, chief investment strategist at Moneta Group.
The last time the benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500 suffered an “official” correction, or a drop of 10% or more from a prior closing high, was nearly three years, or 36 months, ago — when a 19.4% decline ended on Oct. 3, 2011. Corrections typically occur every 18 to 20 months.
And one of the big reasons Wall Street bears cite when calling for a significant stock market selloff is the fact that we haven’t had a correction in such a long, long time. The other reasons are now greatly publicized: the pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong and other geopolitical risks, the coming interest rate hikes from the Federal Reserve  and the emerging Ebola crisis.
Before we outline the reasons why a double-digit percentage downdraft might be bullish in the long run, let’s first put the current decline into perspective. The S&P 500 headed into Thursday’s trading session just 3.2% from its Sept. 18 record closing high of 2011.36. And today its trading 0.25 higher at 1950.
Here’s five reasons why a 10% price correction might be a good thing:
1. Flushes out the froth. “I think (it) would wash out some of the excess speculation and be healthy long-term,” says Hornbarger.
2. Gives investors on sidelines an entry point. “A ‘breather’ would help reset expectations and affords an opportunity for those who have been waiting to enter the market,” says Brian Belski, chief investment strategist at BMO Capital Markets.
There are countless investors that have missed a bulk of the rally that began more than five years ago and are waiting for stock prices to fall far enough before jumping back in.
3. Reset P-E multiples. One risk worrying investors is that the stock market is now trading at a higher price-to-earnings ratio than its long-term average. The S&P 500 kicked the week off selling at 15.6 times its forward four-quarter earnings, which is nearly a full point higher than its long-term average of 14.8, according to Thomson Reuters data.
“P-E multiples have expanded in a meaningful way over the last few years, so seeing some multiple compression could actually be a positive,” says Ann Miletti, managing director and lead portfolio manager for Wells Fargo Core Equity Team. “That type of correction would present more buying opportunities for us and other investors.”
4. Refresh, reenergize the bull. “Corrections are the pause that refreshes,” says Alan Skrainka, chief investment officer at Cornerstone Wealth Management. “This is the fifth-longest rally in the S&P 500 since 1928 without a 10% correction. Corrections wash out speculators and set the stage for the next advance.”
5. Correction fears dissipate. If the big fear is a market correction then it follows that that fear will fade once the correction occurs — and the market starts to bounce back after the 10% decline.
Bur there’s always a risk that a correction leads to a bigger drop, perhaps even a bear market, or plunge of 20% or more.
“A correction will trigger the debate of ‘bear or not a bear,’” says David Kotok, chairman & chief investment officer at Cumberland Advisors.
“I’m still holding a cash reserve,” he says.
For investors wondering how close the market is to a pullback (or drop of 5% to 9.99%),  a correction (drop of 10% to 19.99%) or a bear market (a plunge of 20% or more) — see the chart below showing what price level each of the major U.S. stock indexes would need to sink to. (Note: the Russell 200 small-cap stock index hit correction territory on Wednesday.)
High

Bonidy v. United States: The Second Amendment at the post officeBy David Kopel October 2
Yesterday the Tenth Circuit heard oral arguments in Bonidy v. United States, which is an as-applied challenge to the U.S. Postal Service regulation which completely prohibits firearms on all postal property, including parking lots. Mr. Bonidy lives in Avon, Colorado, and has a concealed carry permit issued pursuant to Colorado law, following a fingerprint-based background check, safety training, and the County Sheriff’s determination that he does not pose any threat to himself or others.
The post office does not provide home delivery in Avon, so residents must go to the post office to pick up their mail from a box. The local post office is open 24 hours a day, has counter staff 6 hours a day, and provides no security for patrons.
In the District Court, Judge Richard Matsch upheld the postal ban for the post office lobby (where patrons access their mail boxes), ruling it to be among Heller’s “sensitive places.” He ruled the gun ban unconstitutional as applied to Mr. Bonidy and the parking lot at the Avon Post Office. The case thus came to the 10th Circuit on cross-appeals by the parties. Mr. Bonidy is represented by the Mountain States Legal Foundation. Some of the documents in the case (but not the appellate briefs) are available on the website of Michel and Associates, a southern California firm with a specialty in firearms cases. Like me, Michel and Associates has no role in the case.
Here’s my take on some of the issues that the three-judge panel raised at oral argument:
Heller says that “nothing in our opinion should be taken to cast doubt on longstanding prohibitions on the possession of firearms by felons and the mentally ill, or laws forbidding the carrying of firearms in sensitive places such as schools and government buildings, or laws imposing conditions and qualifications on the commercial sale of arms.” A footnote adds: “We identify these presumptively lawful regulatory measures only as examples; our list does not purport to be exhaustive.”
First question: What should lower courts do with “presumptively lawful”? Does this mean that any law in the three listed categories (felons/mentally ill, sensitive places, conditions on commercial sale of firearms) must automatically be upheld? After all, as Judge David Ebel pointed out at oral argument, Heller must be construed so as not to “cast doubt” on the listed laws. Doesn’t this mean that all such laws are undoubtedly constitutional?
Let’s try applying that interpretation, to see if it makes sense. Say that a regulation requires that when the owner of a retail gun store goes home for the night, the store must have security devices to prevent/deter theft, including that guns must be locked up. This is an easy fit with the Heller dicta, and can speedily be held as lawful.
But suppose that the anti-theft rule is that every gun in the store must be disassembled before the store closes at night. Or that the gun store may only be open for business five hours per week. Or that only persons with a college degree may work in a gun store. All of these would be “conditions and qualifications on the commercial sale of arms.” These laws are manifestly oppressive, extreme, and unreasonable. They should be subject to heightened scrutiny, and with heightened scrutiny applied, should be ruled unconstitutional.
So one way to answer the question about “presumptively lawful” would be to say that the presumption can be overcome. The more unreasonable, oppressive, or excessive the regulation, the better the argument that the presumption has been overcome. In this argument, it also matters whether the regulation is “longstanding.” The Postal Service gun ban only dates back to the early 1970s, just a few years before the District of Columbia enacted its 1975 handgun ban and ban on use of firearms for self-defense in the home. The D.C. ordinances were obviously not “longstanding” by Heller’s standards, and s neither is the postal ban.
Now that we know that the presumption of lawfulness can sometimes be rebutted, the next question is what is the scope of “sensitive places such as schools or government buildings”? We have to take into account that in the single sentence about permissible gun controls, the Supreme Court was providing general guidance, and was not attempting to provide a detailed rule to cover all situations.
So let’s look at “schools.” Is a public elementary school a “sensitive place”? Certainly yes. If any school would be a sensitive place, it would be that type. What about a private school of cosmetology, where all the students and teachers are adults? It would seem dubious that whatever makes many/most schools “sensitive” would apply at the cosmetology school.
So now let’s apply the above to what should be two very easy cases:
1. An adult who has no connection (e.g., children attending) with a public elementary school, and does not have a licensed carry permit, wants to carry his gun into the school building, to watch a play which is open to the public. The “sensitive places” rule is applicable. The adult will have to defeat the presumption that the ban on his carrying is “presumptively lawful.” It will likely be impossible to do so.
2. The owner of the cosmetology school wishes to possess her handgun within the school premises, when she works there late at night, when no pupils are present. The “sensitive places” exception does not apply. There is no presumption that banning the woman from possessing guns on her own business premises is lawful. Under heightened scrutiny, the government will bear the burden of proving that the gun ban is constitutional, and will almost certainly be unable to carry the burden.
Apply the same reasoning to “government buildings.” Courthouses, the White House, and Governors’ mansions easily fall into the “sensitive places” category, at least for visitors. But an enclosed rain shelter at a public park is not a “sensitive place,” even though it is a “government building.”
At oral argument, Judge Timothy Tymkovich asked whether the “sensitive places” rule also applies to parking lots at government buildings. As he pointed out, we shouldn’t read Heller hyper-literally, so that the omission of specifically mentioning parking lots is decisive. The same point could be made about other government property near a building. The White House lawn should qualify as a sensitive place. If we applied “government buildings” with absolute literalness, then guns bans in government garages are always “presumptively lawful” and gun bans in government parking lots never are. That wouldn’t make sense.
As with “government buildings” themselves, the better approach is for parking lots is to consider the sensitivity of the specific place. Almost always, the parking area will be less “sensitive” than the building itself, but it still may be sensitive enough to be within the “sensitive places” rule.
Easy examples: a parking lot underneath or next to the White House is a “sensitive place.” A dirt parking lot at the trailhead of Bureau of Land Management wasteland property in Nevada is not a sensitive place. Even if there is one-man BLM office building next to the parking lot, the parking lot is not sensitive.
So how does this apply to post offices and postal parking lots? We start with the fact that by congressional statute, the United States Postal Service is a monopoly. In order to access ordinary services for day-to-day life, a citizen may have to use the Postal Service. It’s true that in recent years, the monopoly has become easier to evade; for example, people can send e-mail instead of postal mail. But that does not completely eliminate the impact of the monopoly in sometimes forcing citizens to use postal services. And in places like Avon, with no home delivery, in forcing them to use post office buildings. Unlike virtually every other service for which the United States government has created a monopoly for itself, the Avon government postal building is something which people need to use almost every day.
Scholars have been wondering about what factors make places “sensitive.” Some of the guesses are: persons in the place are predominantly minors (schools), places that concentrate adversarial conflict which often generates passionately angry emotions (courthouses, (legislative hearing rooms, professional sports stadiums), or the buildings contain people at acute personal risk of being targets of assassination (many government buildings).
The list could be extended, but it is difficult to think of anything about a post office that makes it especially “sensitive.” This is all the more true for postal parking lots. The crowds may get large during peak mailing season the week before Christmas, but no more so than on a downtown sidewalk during peak commuting times, and sidewalks are definitely not sensitive places.
So: postal parking lots are definitely not sensitive places. (Although they might be if the post office shares building space with some other government offices, depending on the type of office.) The public areas of postal buildings are probably not sensitive places.
Thus, heightened scrutiny is appropriate for the postal ban. While Bonidy argued for strict scrutiny, I am going to use intermediate scrutiny, hypothesizing that the Tenth Circuit will treat the postal ban as a “place” regulation in the time/place/manner analysis.
Step 1: Does the government have an “important” interest as stake. Judge Ebel mentioned two gun-related problems the post office faces: criminals who ship illegal drugs by mail (and who presumably may carry guns when transporting their wares), and people “going postal.”
So in the abstract, the postal service may have an interest in keeping guns off its property. But it has no interest in banning the gun carried by Mr. Bonidy, or other people who have gone through special licensing to be granted a carry permit. A quarter century of state data on concealed carry permitees show that permitees are far more law-abiding than the general population.
“Going postal” is something that has been done only by postal employees, who are not at issue in Bonidy. If someone did “go postal,” it would likely be life-saving if one or more of the postal patrons at the time was armed. There are numerous examples of incipient mass murders being stopped by armed citizens. These include the Clackamas Mall in Oregon (two days before Newtown), and the psychiatrist who shot and stopped a would-be mass murderer at Mercy Fitzgerald Hospital, near Philadelphia, a few weeks ago.
By definition, persons who have been issued a concealed carry permit have been authorized to carry a handgun for lawful protection almost everywhere in a state. They do not become more dangerous when they set foot in a post office. Nor does the licensed carry of a firearm impose any greater risk than does carrying in other public places.
At the Bonidy oral argument, the Assistant U.S. Attorney also argued that the government interest against against guns in general at post offices is easier for employees to enforce if guns are always illegal. This is no different than the District of Columbia’s argument, rejected by the Heller majority, that D.C.’s interest in enforcing laws against criminals having handguns is easier to enforce if handgun possession is always presumptively illegal.
Besides that, if a postal employee sees a patron whose concealed handgun becomes visible (e.g., a gun in a waistband “prints” against back of a person’s shirt when the person bends over), it is simple for the employee to demand that the person produce his concealed carry permit.
It is true that guns left in cars in postal lots might be stolen. The risk is probably much less than most other parking lots, since post office visits tend to be short. Besides, the theft rationale would justify banning all handguns from the home or from all parking lots, since data show that hundreds of thousands of handguns are stolen annually. This would not be constitutional under Heller.
The above analysis indicates that there is no important government interest in banning licensed carry from post offices, and especially little interest in banning guns from postal park lots.
The same facts show that the gun ban as applied to licensed carry does not pass the rest of intermediate scrutiny. Banning licensed carry does not substantially advance any important government interest. Banning licensed carry it not “narrowly tailored” to advance whatever interests the government does have.
As Judge Ebel pointed out, the focus of intermediate scrutiny is on the government, not the plaintiff: what are the government’s interests, and how well does the law advance those interests. This is true, but it many federal courts have looked to the “burden” on the right as part of resolving Second Amendment cases.
As to the burden of being disarmed in a government building, the burden is:
Nil, when the government controls all public access to the building with metal detectors which are manned by armed law enforcement officers. This creates a genuine “gun free zone.” This is what Colorado law requires for state and local government office buildings which wish to ban licensed carry on the premises.
Greatest when the government provides no security at all. For example, when the postal lobby is open at night, but no government employees are there. And in parking lots which are not monitored by government employees.
In-between, but still fairly high when the area at least has government employees who could call for help in case of an attack on the patron. For example, during hours when there is counter service at the post office.
Much less when the government provides an armed guard on the premises, as is sometimes the case at busy urban post offices.
The government complains that if the 10th Circuit affirms Mr. Bonidy’s as-applied challenge, the government will suffer the inconvenience of not having a uniform national policy. This is true, but administrative convenience is not a trump card to defeat the exercise of enumerated fundamental rights. Prohibition is always administratively easier than the alternatives.
Besides, a well-written Tenth Circuit decision on Bonidy and the Avon Post Office might well provide the USPS with all it needs to write a uniform national standard should it choose. For example:
“When the Post Office does not provide an armed security guard in a building or parking lot, postal patrons who have a concealed carry permit may:
–Leave their guns in a locked car while they use the post office, but may not leave the car in the lot after their finish their postal business.
–Carry the gun into the lobby area during times when there is no window service.
–Not carry during times when there is window service.” (This was a tentative concession made by Bonidy’s attorney during oral argument).
The opinion could even add (although I wouldn’t agree), “high-traffic post offices are sensitive places, and guns may be banned there. A postal regulation with a reasonable definition of high-traffic post offices would be upheld.”
David Kopel is Research Director, Independence Institute, Denver, Colorado; Associate Policy Analyst, Cato Institute, Washington, D.C; and Adjunct professor of advanced constitutional law, Denver University, Sturm College of Law. He is author of 15 books and 90 scholarly journal articles.

Jharkhand: 16-year-old girl worked in brick kiln to arrange money for football bootsprint
When Mary Kom was making India proud by becoming the first Indian woman boxer to clinch a gold medal at the Asiad in Incheon, thousands of kilometres away in New Delhi, Guddu Kumari Singh was exhibiting her vivid skills at the goal post at Dr Ambedkar Stadium on Wednesday.
Meet this stunning goalkeeper of Hazaribagh girls’ team who represented Jharkhand in Under-17 Subroto Cup Football Tournament being held in the national capital.
Sixteen-year-old Guddu’s story isn’t much different from Magnificent Mary. Like the Manipuri boxer, Guddu, born in a family of six —three sisters and two brothers — at village Kharake Namta in Dhanbad, had to face her father’s wrath for playing football.
Guddu, a 16-year-old girl from Jharkhand worked in brick kiln to arrange money for football boots. (HT Photo)
“My father was against me playing football. But gradually he changed his mind, may be after seeing my photographs in local newspapers or after my relatives started appreciating my talent,” Guddu said.
Parents’ nod, however, was not the end of her ordeal. Her father, a farmer, couldn’t even afford a football boot for her daughter. Guddu, therefore, had to work as a child labour in a brick kiln to buy a football boot, quite similar to Mary’s first unsanctioned fight and the immense odds that she faced against a fancied opponent to win some money for her family.
“Brick kiln owner paid me Rs. 10 for preparing 100 bricks. I used to earn between Rs. 50 and Rs. 100 per day. I worked there for around two weeks to arrange money for the boot as it costs around Rs. 700,” said the 16-year-old talented goalkeeper.
After the boots, the next big hurdle for Guddu was to arrange jersey and kits. Since the Subroto cup management provides, jerseys and kit after the quarter final level, she had to hire jersey on rent from a local football club in Hazaribagh.       
Ironically, Guddu takes inspiration from Lionel Messi, the star Argentine footballer who earns around £24.9 million.
According to her coach Deepak Toppo, the financial condition of other players of the team is also not very good.
“Most of the players find it hard to buy kits and jerseys, and therefore borrow them from a local sports club in Hazaribagh,” said Deepak Toppo, who is physical education teacher at Hazaribagh’s Carmel School.
The coach added that there is hardly any support from the government in developing football at the grass roots in Jharkhand.
“The budget for food is not enough. Each of our players gets Rs. 150 for a day,” lamented Toppo.

Sarita Devi apologises to AIBA for refusing to accept Asiad medalSarita Devi apologises to AIBA for refusing medal
Reuters
Incheon, South Korea, October 03, 2014
First Published: 11:45 IST(3/10/2014)
print
India's Sarita Devi gestures towards silver medallist South Korea's Park Jina as the latter tries to persuade Devi to accept her bronze medal during the medal ceremony for the women’s light 60kg division boxing at the Asian Games in Incheon, South Korea. (AP Photo)
Indian boxer Sarita Devi has apologised for her petulant display at the Asian Games when she refused to accept her bronze medal.
Sarita issued an unconditional apology on Friday for her "emotional behaviour" at Wednesday's medal presentation for the women's lightweight division.
"I regret and apologise. Such an incident will never reoccur in the future," she wrote in a letter sent to the International Boxing Federation (AIBA).
Sarita was furious after losing her semi-final bout with South Korea's Park Jina on Tuesday, believing she should have been declared the winner.
Her husband launched an expletive-laden tirade at the judges and Sarita lodged a protest against the decision but it was rejected, triggering cries of foul play from the Indian team.
The following day, she refused to wear the bronze medal when it was presented to her, taking it only in her hand before trying to drape it over Park.
When the presentation was over, Sarina left the medal behind, despite being told by the organisers to take it with her.
The AIBA took a dim view of her behaviour and submitted a formal report to the Olympic Council of Asia (OCA), requesting disciplinary action be taken against her.
AIBA supervisor David Francis also criticised the Indian team's behaviour in a strongly-worded release, saying: "The whole incident looked like a well-planned scenario by her and her team, and it is regretful to watch a boxer refuse the medal regardless of what happened in the competition."
The head of the Indian delegation in Incheon denied that the team had planned the incident, saying Sarina's refusal to accept the medal was a "spontaneous knee-jerk reaction."
The Indian team leader Adille J Sumariwalla also asked the AIBA to consider her apology and all the circumstances when deciding if any further disciplinary action is to be taken.

Yaan - Fails the drug testSpecial Arrangement A still from the movie Yaan.
TOPICS
Tamil cinema
The word ‘fugitive’ raises many questions: Why is he/she hiding and from whom? The 'fugitive on the run' movies not only weave into its narrative a ‘chase-a-minute’, but also make a larger comment on social issues, laws, rights and politics in the society. Take for example, Tony Scott’s Enemy of the State: it is not just about the protagonist, who is being chased by a corrupt bureaucrat, but the film speaks against ‘intrusive surveillance’ of the population by the government. Or take director Shankar's Gentleman, which goes beyond the Robin Hood protagonist to talk about corruption in the politics.
It’s not difficult to understand why celebrated cinematographer, Ravi K. Chandran had pinned his hopes on a similar ‘fugitive-on-the-run’ story for his directorial debut, Yaan. Like most fugitive films, it pits an innocent playful youth named Chandru (Jiiva) against the judiciary of a fictional Middle Eastern country named, Basilistan, whose legal system is based on the strict interpretation of Islamic law.
It is a setup that could have been milked, but the filmmaker seems to have believed that aesthetic visuals can make up for loose, ordinary writing. The first half of the film is generic; the kind of scenes that we have seen over and over again in Tamil films. It is a cocktail of male bonding, stalking, ogling and songs sprinkled through the narrative.
The actual film only begins in the second half when Chandru goes to Basilistan and is detained for being in possession of drugs. Just when one expects the film to get interesting, it totally breaks down. The dynamics of life inside a foreign prison are barely explored and the film says nothing about the struggles of an innocent youth tried in a religious court without a fair trial.
It is high time that filmmakers recognise the fact that packing a two-hour film merely with chase and action sequences is not going to hold the audience's attention. What is needed is a meaty story narrated in a coherent manner. Much was expected of Ravi K. Chandran's debut film. But, it looks like his time hasn't come yet.
Movie: Yaan

What Chinese viewers see when a western TV channel mentions Hong KongBy Adam Taylor October 3 Follow @mradamtaylor
Chinese state media was slow to pick up the story of the pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong, initially offering little coverage . On Thursday, however, state media took a dramatically harsher line, with the official People’s Daily newspaper calling the demonstrations illegal and warning that if they are to continue, the “consequences will be unimaginable.”
For those living on the Chinese mainland, it may be tough to hear another point of view. The University of Hong Kong China Media Project's  Weiboscope  tool has shown a remarkable spike in the number of posts censored on Chinese social networks recently.
Western TV channels like BBC and China are available in China, but the censorship can be even more stark: The screen simply goes blank when Hong Kong is about to be mentioned.
This video from journalist  Prashant Rao gives a sense of what it looks like.
Others have reported similar events:
Well well well... Just as I was watching CNN live in my Shanghai hotel room as it crossed to #OccupyCentral ... BLANK SCREEN.

Modi-Obama talks extraordinarily successful: USComments
The United States on Thursday described Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s meetings with President Barack Obama earlier this week “extraordinarily successful”.
US President Barack Obama welcomes Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
Continuing that momentum, and building on it, PM’s national security adviser Ajit Doval held talks with his counterpart Susan Rice and secretary of state John Kerry.
The US description of the talks echoed, in effect, Prime Minister Modi’s own assessment of his four-day tour of the US including his meetings with President Obama — as “very successful”.
Reviewing the talks for reporters, White House senior director for India Phil Reiner said they were “extraordinarily successful” and provided a boost to “re-energise the relationship”.
Assistant secretary of state Nisha Biswal, whose desk at the state department oversees relations with India, said she believed the the talks’ success had, in fact, “relaunched” the relationship.
The two officials underscored also the personal equation the two leaders had struck — the president of the United States doesn’t always give visiting leaders a tour to DC monuments.
President Obama accompanied Prime Minister Modi to the memorial of Martin Luther King, a leading influence on Obama, acknowledged by Modi in his gifts
Building on that success, Doval and Rice discussed “regional developments, including cooperating on maritime security” and “stability in Afghanistan”, according to the White House.
Observers have been struck by the recurring emphasis on cooperation on maritime security read with the mention of South China Sea disputes in the India-US joint statement.
The issue figured for the first time in an Indian-Us joint statement: “The leaders expressed concern about rising tensions over maritime territorial disputes, and affirmed the importance of safeguarding maritime security and ensuring freedom of navigation and overflight throughout the region, especially in the South China Sea.”
China wasn’t named, but every part of the above statement pointed to Beijing, and its spiking belligerence including efforts to enforce an Air Defence Identification Zone. India and the US also plan to police sea lanes through that region, as others near about, with, experts said, serious implications for relations with China.
Doval and Rice also agreed to work together to address Ebola in West Africa “and the spread of violent extremism, and looked forward to continuing close consultations in the future”.
With Kerry, Doval discussed “defence cooperation, international terrorism and terrorism finance, and law enforcement cooperation,” said the state department.
The two countries were still not willing to discuss their expanded counter-terrorism cooperations that made headlines in India, with D-Company put in the same category as LeT.
The India-US joint statement puts Dawood’s gang holed up in Karachi since carrying out the 1993 Mumbai bomb blasts at the forefront of the CT kill-list of the two countries.

On Doordarshan live  RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat praises Narendra Modi  but mum on  love jihad   corruption  even inflationWhat do you think of Realtime News?
Hi Guest
On Doordarshan live, RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat praises Narendra Modi, but mum on 'love jihad', corruption, even in...
Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) chief Mohan Bhagwat today came out in fulsome praise of the PM Narendra Modi government for initiatives on national security, economy and international relations in a short period of six months.     In his customary ...

Only big-bang reforms may fuel next market rally: Nirmal Jainfmcg
(The rally, which was triggered…)
In an interview with ET Now, Nirmal Jain, Chairman, IIFL Group, talks about the market and shares his macroeconomic outlook. Excerpts:
ET Now: A lot has happened in the past two or three weeks. We have had the policy out of the way. The US visit has happened. We have had the Indian Prime Minister meeting the Chinese President as well over the last one month. What are your takeaways about what all of this means for the market?
Nirmal Jain: The rally, which was triggered by the euphoria because of change in government, is over. Now the market will consolidate and look for real action on the policy front as well as on the earnings and demand front.
The auto sector is doing well, but FMCG has also caught the attention of investors because commodity prices have corrected and the margins would have expanded there. The rupee is again gradually depreciating.
Earlier in the election phase, we had some populist speeches, which will bring down the value of dollar and the rupee will strengthen. But now the government has realized that allowing the rupee to depreciate gradually is in the best interest of the country. So, export-led companies like IT and pharma are coming back onto investors' radar. Now the rally will be driven more by bottom-up stock picking, actual policy and actual implementation of the projects.
ET Now: What steps should be taken to revive or do away with the jitteriness that investors might be experiencing?
Nirmal Jain: Lots of small things are needed to be done, which will take time because we are a democratic country. The government needs to do some big-bang things to get the investors' confidence back and move up the sentiment.
For instance, PSU bank reforms could have been a big-bang item. People thought that the crisis of bad loans and NPAs will resolve after the election and things will start moving quickly, but that has not happened. Projects still remain stalled. There is very little right now which can change things in the coal sector in the near future after the Supreme Court verdict on coal block allocation.
People thought that 2-3 months is a good enough time for a government which is in a hurry and when things need some urgent attention, they will happen. But it has not happened. At the same time, there are lots of things going on internally. People are working. The government bureaucracy is working much better than what it was working earlier. Ministers are also working. Many of them are new. They are new to politics. They are new to government.
So, most of the investors are still optimistic from a longer-term perspective, but they are not in a hurry to buy because nothing is going to run away now. That runaway part is over and now there will be more action-oriented, more actual result-oriented market and stock picking. That is what we will see now.
ET Now: We are just 20 days shy of this Diwali. Do you expect that a lot of things will be done from this Diwali to the next Diwali and the market will be at significantly higher levels than where it is right now?
Nirmal Jain: In 20 days, nothing dramatic should be expected.
ET Now: No I am talking about from this Diwali and to the next Diwali.
Nirmal Jain: To the next Diwali, yes. I am quite hopeful that lots of things will happen. I am very confident that at least if you look at the government and all the ministers, they seem quite determined that they want to do things.
In one year's time, we will see lots of action. Things will start moving on the investment front. A number of projects will probably take off. The next budget in the month of February will be a proper budget because the finance minister will get a lot more time.
All these uncertainties about re-allocation of coal mines, gas price, and power projects will probably go away. So between this Diwali and the next Diwali, I am quite optimistic that lots of things will happen.
ET Now: And the markets will be higher?
Nirmal Jain: Yes, the markets will be higher, the markets will be a lot more optimistic again.
ET Now: Significantly higher than where we are right now?
Nirmal Jain: I would say that the market already has run up. So maybe the market will see about 20-25% appreciation by the next Diwali.
ET Now: We had the RBI policy, the RBI talking about inflation going down. We also have the global risk of the US interest rates going up at some point of time in 2015 as well. How will all of these tie up and impact the markets over the next six months?
Nirmal Jain: The RBI also had made a forecast of 6.3% GDP growth next year. Normally, the RBI is a bit conservative in its estimates and people would expect it to be. Most of the analysts would probably think that if things get off the ground the way we have just talked about, then the GDP growth next year, with some bit of luck on monsoon and crude prices, may be somewhere between 6.5% and 7%, which will be very positive.

Salix Pharma Scuttles Cosmo Technologies MergerAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Hindus must celebrate all festivals  respect others  faith: RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat11
0
Nagpur: On the occasion of Dusshehra, Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh chief Mohan Bhagwat addressed cadres at Sangh headquarters in Nagpur on Friday.
Bhagwat lauded the athletes winning laurels in the Incheon Asian Games. He was also all praise about Prime Minister Narendra Modi's recent US trip. "PM Modi's visit to the US was a huge success. He was given a rousing welcome there," he noted.
He appealed to the people to participate in the 'Swachch Bharat Abhiyan' launched by the PM on Gandhi Jayanti.
Bhagwat addresses Sangh cadres every year on Dusshehra. Surprisingly, this year his entire speech was telecast live by public broadcaster Doordarshan.
In his speech, Bhagwat also exhorted Hindus to celebrate festivals of all faiths.
"Respect and acceptance of each other's faith, harmony and cooperation is the hallmark of the Hindu culture. We accept the other person's faith and views. We move together and accept and respect all.
"All Hindus should participate in all functions, celebrations as well as festivals of great heroes and personalities," Bhagwat said.
895

Marlon James  novelist and exorcist(Courtesy of Riverhead Books. Photo credit Jeffrey Skemp)
The first time I met Marlon James, he told me about his work as an exorcist .
The Jamaican novelist wasn’t speaking just to me, but it felt that way. He was one of five captivating performers at The Moth on Sept. 19 in New York.  The evening was a special celebration of the 20th anniversary of Riverhead Books, which has just released James’s new novel, “A Brief History of Seven Killings.” (We’ve got a terrific review in Friday’s paper .)
James has a rather staid job now — teaching English at Macalester College in St. Paul. But as a younger man, he belonged to a Pentecostal church in Jamaica where parishioners wailed in tongues and were struck by the spirit and delivered of demons. At The Moth he described discovering that he had a special knack for casting out evil spirits. And yet he was haunted by his own demons and visions of naked men that he couldn’t seem to escape.
(Courtesy of Riverhead)
Finally, he called on his brothers and sisters in the church for help.
His Moth performance ended with a shocking description of his own exorcism, a spiritual ordeal that went on for hours and involved speaking in voices and lots of vomiting. Afterward, the demons were gone. The naked men, not so much.
If you’re in the Washington area, you can meet James on Sunday evening at 5:00 at Politics & Prose . Go get yourself exorcized.
Ron Charles is the editor of The Washington Post's Book World. For a dozen years, he enjoyed teaching American literature and critical theory in the Midwest, but finally switched to journalism when he realized that if he graded one more paper, he'd go crazy.

The government is still stocking vending machines with junk foodBy Roberto A. Ferdman October 3 Follow @robferdman
Candy, chips, and cookies. (Carlos Osorio/AP Photo)
The health food movement might have taken over public school lunches, but it hasn't trickled down enough to alter the contents of the country's vending machines.
A new analysis of nearly 1,000 vending machines on state and local government-owned properties by the Center for Science in the Public Interest (CSPI) found that food dispensers at public parks, court houses, city and town halls, libraries, public hospitals, state university campuses, and highway rest stops around the nation are filled with, well, junk.
"Vending machines on state and local property are stocked primarily with unhealthy products," the study concludes.
Indeed, more than 75 percent of of all items found in the vending machines containing food were candy, chips, and cookies, according to CSPI's findings. Almost a third were candy (just over a third if one chooses to include "fruit gummies" in the category); another 28 percent were potato chips; and 16 percent were cookies and other baked goods.
And more than half of all the items sold in vending machines containing beverages were sodas — 56 percent, to be exact. Another 20 percent are sports drinks, like Gatorade, fruit drinks, which are not to be confused with juices, and energy drinks, like Red Bull and Monster.
While it's probably not feasible (or financially viable) to sell produce exclusively in the country's public vending machines, a higher proportion of healthier options like fruits, nuts, and vegetables wouldn't hurt. Especially when the government is working to reign in the country's waistline, which has expanded to a point that almost three quarters of the population is overweight.
"It doesn't make much sense to have a big obesity prevention effort and then sell soda and candy out of their own vending machines to their employees, program participants, and visitors," said Katherine Bishop, a nutrition policy associate at CSPI.
Federal, state, and local governments don't, of course, stock the vending machines themselves — vending machine retailers do. But altering the contents of food and beverage dispensers at city halls and public parks around the country is, of course, within federal, state, and local government's power.
Mandating that more public vending machines carry a higher proportion of healthier options wouldn't be unprecedented. Many states already do. California, for instance, requires 35 percent of food and at least two-thirds of beverages sold through vending machines in state buildings to meet specific nutritional guidelines. Tennessee requires 30 percent of products sold in vending machines be healthy, while Iowa says 25 percent of food and 50 percent of beverages must meet specific nutritional standards.
And making vending machines more healthy might be pretty prudent. Americans, after all, have soft spot for the sorts of unhealthy snacks vending machines are stocked with. Chips, chocolate, and cookies are three of the four most popular snacks among American adults.
Roberto A. Ferdman is a reporter for Wonkblog covering food, economics, immigration and other things. He was previously a staff writer at Quartz.

Narendra Modi pitches for Clean India and khadi on radio debutComments
In a free-wheeling chatty address to the nation, through radio, Prime Minister Narendra Modi issued a clarion call to citizens to join his social initiatives and contribute to nation-building. He also promised to stay in touch and connect - at least once, if not twice, a month with citizens on radio, becoming the first Indian Prime minister to reach out to citizens on such a regular basis, directly.
Modi used his debut on radio – during a programme titiled Mann ki Baat -  to remind listeners of his Swachh Bharat, Clean India, campaign. He spoke of the nine people he had invited to join the campaign, and urged every citizen to do the same - clean up, encourage another nine people to do so, and create a movement.
Modi also promoted the use of khadi, and said he was not asking people to wear only khadi. “But even if you use one khadi product, it will light the lamp of prosperity in the house of a poor person.”
The PM peppered his speech with anecdotes which had a running theme – of motivating and energizing citizens, and recognising their inner strength. This has been a constant thread of Modi’s addresses, be it at the Independence Day or in US or during the Swachh Bharat pledge.
Read: Modi invokes Bapu, wields broom for filth-free India  
Modi’s emphasis has been that the country is not only that of the government, but of the people, and citizens have to step up.
“You know, our scientists have undertaken the Mars mission successfully at minimum expenses. There is nothing lacking in our capabilities. We only have forgotten our strengths. We have forgotten ourselves as if we have become despondent.
My brothers and sisters, this cannot be,” said Modi."We need to recognise our internal strengths," he added. "The 125 crore Indians are blessed with immense skill and strength. All we need to do is to understand our strengths."
Modi spoke of his engagement with specially-abled children, and how they are the responsibility of not just their parents, but of the society and the country. He also spoke of skill development, and environment.
But more than the message, the novelty on Friday was in Modi’s choice of the medium and his direct engagement.
Modi plans to make his radio speeches once or twice a month on Sunday mornings to get his message across to two-thirds of the country’s 1.2 billion people who listen regularly to the radio.
Presidents and prime ministers generally use radio to address the people on Republic Day and Independence Day, but Modi’s address is the start of a regular slot on air for the prime minister.
He addressed millions of school students across the country on state-run Doordarshan on Teachers’ Day, but radio will help him reach deeper into the country as All India Radio has a much wider reach.
To make the communication two-way, Modi added if citizens wanted to respond, they could do so over email and letters. "If you have ideas and actual incidents which are constructive, do share with me. Together let us serve India and take our nation to newer heights," Modi said.

Dollar advances after upbeat US jobs dataDollar and stocks jump after US jobs data
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f4055378-4aaa-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Andhra CM Naidu gets office four months after he assumed chargeOct 03, 2014 at 05:46pm IST
Andhra CM Naidu gets office four months after he assumed charge
4
0
Hyderabad: Four months after he assumed charge, Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu on Friday finally got an office to function from.
On the auspicious occasion of Vijaya Dasami, Naidu formally stepped into his official chamber on the 8th floor of L Block in the AP Secretariat amid Vedic chants. Only bureaucrats and a couple of advisors to the government accompanied the Chief Minister on the occasion.
Ever since becoming the Chief Minister of the truncated state in June, Naidu had been operating from a temporary "camp office" in the Lake View Guest House as his office chamber in the Secretariat had to be built afresh.
Naidu formally stepped into his official chamber on the 8th floor of L Block in the AP Secretariat amid Vedic chants.
#n chandrababu naidu #andhra pradesh #chief minister office #vijay dasami
Initially, the south H block in the Secretariat has been readied for the CM's office but Chandrababu chose not to occupy it because the "vaasthu" was said to be not good.
Subsequently, the 8th floor of the L Block had been chosen for his office and accordingly all necessary modifications had to be carried out at a cost of over Rs 20 crore.
A spacious chamber for the CM with bullet-proofing besides a conference hall, a meeting hall for the Cabinet, visitors' lounge and chambers of his principal secretaries and secretaries were built on the 8th floor.
A new chamber for the state Chief Secretary was built on the 7th floor in the same block. All this will only be a temporary arrangement till the AP Secretariat is constructed in the state's new capital Vijayawada. It will, however, happen only three years later.
Till then, the Chief Minister will function from the Secretariat in Hyderabad, the temporary capital of the state.
4

Unemployment rate falls to six-year lowU.S. stocks rose and yields on U.S. government debt moved up, while the dollar continued a rally that has been in place for weeks.
The employment gains last month were broad-based.
Factories payrolls, which had fallen in August, expanded by 4,000 workers. The retail sector added 35,300 jobs, a big bounce back that the government said reflected an end to employment disruptions at a grocery chain in New England.
Construction and healthcare payrolls also notched solid gains.
There were some downsides, even outside the weakness in wages.
Notably, part of the decline in the unemployment rate was because workers left the labor force. The share of the population with jobs or hunting for one fell to 62.7 percent, its lowest level since 1978.
That rate has declined in recent years as more workers have retired and as people have given up job hunts due to a weak economy.
Still, a measure of unemployment that partially takes into account worker discouragement fell to 11.8 percent, its lowest level since October 2008.
The number of people who held part-time jobs but wanted full-time work declined slightly to 7.1 million, a sign of slow progress that will be eyed closely by Fed officials as they seek to gauge how much slack remains in the labor market.
In a sign the economy's expansion is moderating from the second quarter's torrid pace, a separate report showed growth in the U.S. services sector eased in September.
Most economists see the economy growing at around a 3 percent annual rate in the third quarter, down from the 4.6 percent rate notched in the April-June quarter but still well above the average over the last two years of 2.2 percent.
Recent signs of vigor in the economy, however, may be insufficient for the Fed to initiate an early rate increase.
Over the past 12 months, hourly earnings were up only 2.0 percent, in line with what has been seen over the past few years and a slight deceleration from August.
“It was a good report but I don't think it changes the Fed dynamics,” said Kim Rupert, a managing director at Action Economics in San Francisco. “I still think the first rate hike is maybe mid-year.”
In a third report, the Commerce Department said the U.S. trade gap unexpectedly narrowed in August to its smallest level in seven months on an increase in exports, which led some economists to raise their growth forecasts.

Cong  NCP poll manifestos old wine in old bottle: BJPComments
The election manifestos of Congress and NCP for Maharashtra polls are a proof of “old wine in old bottle,” the BJP said on Friday.
“The Congress NCP government hasn’t fulfilled any of the assurances they made in their earlier manifestos,” state BJP spokesperson Madhav Bhandari said in Mumbai.
The NCP promised to make state load shedding free by December 2012 but that hasn’t been done, he said.
The state government did not make any efforts on the Dahej to Uran gas pipeline, he said.
NCP leader Supriya Sule has said nobody knows the current agriculture minister as well as they knew her father Sharad Pawar when he held that post, Bhandari said.
“Pawar is known as the Agriculture Minister during whose tenure 60,000 farmers committed suicide,” he said.
Congress and NCP won the 2004 polls by promising free electricity and have made that promise again, he said. They want to cheat farmers, he added.
The manifestos contain no new point, he said. They are proof of the lies and deceit of these parties, he added.
“Our priority will also be to remove regional imbalances on development front,” he said.
“We have been supporting creation of smaller states, like Vidarbha region, for the last several years. Shiv Sena was aware of this and was with us for last 25 years,” he said.
Nobody has spoken of separating Mumbai from Maharashtra and allegations by some leaders, including those of Congress are baseless, he said.
There is no mention of the malpractices on levy of toll in the state, he said.
“Instead they have promised to make state toll-free without elaborating on what basis they intend to do it,” Bhandari said.

Heroin deaths are up across the boardA drug addict prepares a needle to inject himself with heroin in front of a church in the Skid Row area of Los Angeles. (Jae C. Hong/Associated Press)
The heroin overdose death rate is rising and it’s widespread.
The rate more than doubled from 2010 to 2012, with overdose deaths per 100,000 people rising from 1 to 2.1, according to a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention review of data from 28 states . Rates showed statistically significant increases for both sexes, all age groups, all census regions and all but one race/ethnic group: American Indians/Alaska Natives.
Although the distribution of the population studied — data from 28 states — closely matches the U.S. population by age, sex and race/ethnicity, the findings are not necessarily nationally representative, the authors note. (But existing data show that heroin deaths nationally rose by 45 percent from 2010 to 2011, the biggest annual jump since 1999.)
There is a bit of positive news in the study, though: Death rates from overdosing on prescription opioid pain relievers (OPR) — such as oxycodone, hydrocodone or methadone — fell from 6 to 5.6 deaths per 100,000 from 2010 to 2012, after quadrupling from 1999 to 2010.
The findings are the result of an invitation the CDC extended to states in February to share mortality data from 2008 to 2012, so long as it was largely complete and coded in a particular way. Using that data, the CDC calculated annual heroin and OPR death rates for 28 states. The states cover 56 percent of the U.S. population.
The total number of heroin overdose deaths rose by 1,856, to 3,635. Meanwhile, the number of OPR overdose deaths fell by 558, to 9,869.
The Northeast had the largest increase in heroin overdose deaths, with rates rising by 211 percent. The South followed, with a 181 percent increase. Rates rose 91 percent in the West and 62 percent in the Midwest. Only the South had a significant change — a 16 percent decline — in the OPR death rate.
The authors note some limitations — misclassified or unspecified causes of death, for example — but most suggest that the heroin overdose death count, if anything, was underestimated.
Niraj Chokshi reports for GovBeat, The Post's state and local policy blog.

Hiring rebounds in Sept.; jobless rate falls to 5.9%By Ylan Q. Mui October 3 Follow @ylanmui
The U.S. economy added 248,000 jobs in September, just ahead of the mid-term elections. The jobless rate fell to a six-year low of 5.9 percent. (Reuters)
The U.S. job market rebounded in September as the economy added 248,000 jobs, according to government data released Friday morning, a reassuring sign of the nation’s recovery. The unemployment rate crossed a key threshold for the first time in six years, falling to 5.9 percent.
The jobs report was sure to buoy the White House, which has been struggling to convince Americans that President Obama and his fellow Democrats deserve more credit for the economic recovery. Obama made a major economic speech in Illinois on Thursday and will tour a steel plant in Princeton, Ind., Friday to underscore the nation's manufacturing revival.
"We continue to see important and meaningful ripple effects of a growing economy," Labor Secretary Thomas Perez said in an interview Friday. "The remaining challenge now is to ensure that the rising tide that we clearly see lifts all boats.”
But Republicans were quick to seize on negative data, including evidence that wage growth isn't picking up even if the labor market is healing. Lackluster wage growth is one of the key reasons many Americans still aren't personally feeling the effects of the improving economy. The government reported Friday that average hourly earnings actually inched down one cent in September to $24.53.
“President Obama inherited a tough economy, no doubt. But his economic leadership has held our economic recovery back during the last five years," Rep. Kevin Brady (R-Tex.), chairman of the Congressional Joint Economic Committee, said in a statement. "He can spin it as much as he likes, but the worst recovery of President Obama’s life is his own,” 
Hiring has topped the crucial benchmark of 200,000 jobs a month for much of the year. But lackluster job growth in August cast a pall over the pace of improvement in the labor market. Wall Street seemed to be setting itself up for disappointment again after several big days of losses this week.
Yet America’s businesses and workers are proving resilient. Leading the way in September were gains in the professional and business services sector, which added 81,000 jobs, and the retail and health care industries. The government also increased its estimate of job growth in July and in August by 69,000 positions to 180,000.
“This is a very muscular report," said Eric Lascelles, chief economist at RBC Global Asset Management. "It’s showing powerful job creation, no matter how one cares to slice it.”
Markets opened higher on Friday's news, with the Dow Jones average and Standard & Poor's index both up nearly 1 percent at noon.
The strength in hiring this year has been one of the clearest indications that the country is finally escaping the long shadow of the Great Recession. But other statistics underscore why the recovery still feels mediocre: Economic growth has been choppy , inflation is unusually low , and wages have barely budged.  About 3 million people had been out of work for at least six months in September, and the number of people involuntarily working part-time is unusually high. The size of the nation's labor force edged down to 62.7 percent.
In a speech at Northwestern University on Thursday, the president celebrated the improvements but acknowledged that many have yet to trickle down.
“By every economic measure, we are better off now than we were when I took office,” Obama said.  “At the same time, it’s also indisputable that millions of Americans don’t yet feel enough of the benefits of a growing economy where it matters most -- and that's in their own lives.”
Obama called for raising the minimum wage and investing in infrastructure, among other things, to help bolster growth. But on Friday, Republicans pushed back against those proposals and blamed the president for prolonging the road to recovery.
“Raising the minimum wage and continuing to impose more regulations won’t get this economy into high gear,"Brady said. "The last thing we need right now is to give businesses more reasons not to hire additional workers."  
The stronger job market is also forcing the Federal Reserve to back away from nearly six years of easy money. The nation’s central bank is slated this month to end the bond-buying program that has pumped more than a trillion dollars into the economy. It is also considering when to raise its benchmark interest rate, which has been at zero, for the first time since 2006.
'Taken by itself, the strength in payrolls and continued decline in the unemployment rate is the best argument for a more aggressive monetary policy stance," TD Economics senior economist James Marple said in a client note. "However, the Fed has repeatedly noted that they are looking at the labor market from a more holistic perspective."
But some officials believe the central bank is already behind the curve. In a speech Thursday evening in Mississippi, St. Louis Fed President James Bullard reiterated calls for the central bank to move sooner rather than later. He has argued for the Fed to hike rates by the end of the first quarter of 2015. Most central bank officials favor moving around the middle of next year or later.
But hiring has been more robust, and the unemployment rate has fallen faster than the Fed expected. Several influential Fed officials have said the central bank can afford to be patient in order to make sure it doesn’t inadvertently undermine the economy’s progress. But Bullard and a handful of other critics, both inside and outside the central bank, believe the Fed should respond more aggressively to those improvements.
“I interpret this as a degree of patience,” Bullard said Thursday of waiting until spring 2015.
Related:

All the key charts from todays robust US jobs reportShare
Tap image to zoom
Long-term unemployment as a share of total unemployment continues to fall sharply. This very good news and suggests that if the economy continues to improve, more unemployed people will be able to return to work. Economists have been very concerned that long-stints of unemployment could render large swaths of the populace, essentially unemployable, which would damage the long-term productive capacity of the US economy.
Share
Tap image to zoom
For the first time since the crisis, the male unemployment rate of 5.9% was below the female rate of 6.0% in September. That’s an interesting shift, given that the construction-centered economic bust pushed rates of unemployment for men far above women during the worst of the recession.

Motorola s Moto 360 smartwatch at Rs.17 999 in IndiaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Vistara pays Rs 5 cr to New India Assurance ...Vistara pays Rs 5 crore to New India Assurance for cover
PTI Oct 3, 2014, 07.14PM IST
Tags:
AIG
(Vistara, 51:49 joint venture…)
MUMBAI: The soon to be launched airline Vistara, from the Tata Group-Singapore Airlines combine, has secured its insurance cover from the country's largest non-life insurer New India Assurance, for Rs 5 crore.
"We have provided insurance cover to both the aircraft of Vistara. We are hopeful of providing cover to three more planes the airline is likely to bring in by next March," a New India Assurance official told PTI here today.
However, the airline did not respond to a call from PTI. The premium amount fixed for providing the insurance cover to the five aircraft is Rs 5 crore. The insurance cover per plane under the hull segment is $100 million, whereas it will be up to $350 million under the liability segment, the official said.
Full service airline Vistara, which is a 51:49 joint venture between the Tata Group and Singapore Airlines, is likely to launch operations this month or early next month.
Last Tuesday, Air India had renewed insurance cover for a little over $27 million for its fleet of 132 aircraft, at a premium of 17.5 per cent over 2013 from a consortium of public sector insurers led by New India Assurance and private sector firms led by ICICI Lombard, while reinsurance was renewed by AIG .
Air India has a fleet of 132 aircraft - 108 with itself and 24 with its two subsidiaries - 17 with Air India Express and seven with Alliance Air.
Aviation premiums have gone up this year after the two Malaysian Airlines tragedies in March and July, besides two other crashes on the Africa continent during the year.
Air India's current insurance policy, issued by New India Assurance, includes a $9.5-billion hull cover and a combined single liability of $1.5 billion.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SC declines urgent hearing plea of Sahara chief Subrata RoyOct 03, 2014 at 06:25pm IST
SC declines urgent hearing plea of Sahara chief Subrata Roy
7
0
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Friday declined to give an urgent hearing to the plea of jailed Sahara chief Subrata Roy seeking bail to attend the cremation and perform rituals relating to the death of his aunt.
The application was mentioned by Roy's advocates at the residence of Chief Justice HL Dattu who said that there is no urgency in the matter and it will come for hearing in the regular court.
Official sources said that Roy had sought relief for 15 days.
Subrata Roy sought bail to attend the cremation and perform rituals relating aunt, who died on Friday in Lucknow.
#supreme court #sahara #subrata roy #subrata bail plea
His aunt, who was staying with the Sahara chief's family, had died on Friday in Lucknow at the age of 90.
On Wednesday, Roy was sent back to his cell in Tihar jail at the end of the period granted by the Supreme Court to stay at an air conditioned facility in the complex to negotiate sale of his overseas luxury hotels.
The court had extended Roy's stay at the Tihar Jail conference room by 15 days on September 8 for him to sell the properties to raise Rs 10,000 crore to be deposited with SEBI for his bail.
The Supreme Court, on August 1 had allowed Roy and two of his group directors to use the fully air-conditioned conference room in Tihar jail complex for 10 days from August 5, within a given time lot of 6 AM to 8 PM.
The meetings held by the group under the surveillance of CCTV cameras.
Roy, 65, was using the conference room with services like Wi-Fi and video-conferencing. He was allowed two laptops, two desktops, landline phones with STD/ISD facilities and a mobile phone.
Two secretarial and one technical person were also allowed to assist him. Roy has been lodged in Tihar Jail since March 4 this year.
3

Wall Street opens up  lifted by strong payrollsWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ European Central Bank Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. GameStop Corp. Mario Draghi
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Unbeaten Kolkata Knight Riders take on Chennai Super Kings in CLT20 finalPress Trust of India | Bengaluru | Posted: October 3, 2014 7:05 pm
The Chennai Super Kings will have the advantage of familiarity with the conditions while the unbeaten Kolkata Knight Riders would still be a tough nut to crack. The two teams clash in the Oppo Champions League T20 final at the Chinnaswamy Stadium.
Both teams had met in the final of the 2012 Indian Premier League, when Kolkata defeated Chennai by five wickets.
In this year’s Indian Premier League both were at par, winning a game apiece against each other. However, unlike the Knight Riders, CSK have played most of their group matches here and will definitely have an edge as far as familiarity factor is concerned.
As the final is being played between two IPL rivals, the Karnataka State Cricket Association is expecting a full house after conducting neutral matches, which failed to attract crowds.
Looking at the stats, Kolkata start favourites as they are on a roll after an unbeaten run in the tournament. They have, in fact, registered 14 wins in a row starting from IPL-7.
Chennai, on the other hand, had to depend on other teams’ results to make the last-four stage. Led by Mahendra Singh
Dhoni, the team, however, has the ability to turn it around, a quality which was evident in the semifinal against a power-packed Kings XI Punjab side last night.
Dhoni knows the art of utilising his resources aptly, sometimes leaving rival captains too stunned by his decisions on batting and bowling combinations, besides the field placements.
Kolkata skipper Gautam Gambhir is equally enterprising and has shared an intense rivalry with Dhoni in IPL, coming out trumps against the India captain.
The Knight Riders are coming into the title clash with the tag of invincible post their 14th straight win – a seven-wicket victory over Australia’s Hobart Hurricanes in the first semifinal.
Kolkata, unlike Chennai, have played all their group matches in Hyderabad and will have to get used to the conditions quickly.
Shah Rukh Khan’s team though boasts of batsmen such as Gambhir, Robin Uthappa, Manish Pandey and Jacques Kallis, all of whom have loads of experience and are in good form as well.
In the bowling department, there has been some turmoil after ‘mystery spinner’ Sunil Narine was reported for suspect action in their last group match. The West Indian will not be allowed to bowl in the final.
Young Kuldeep Yadav and all-rounders such as Yusuf Pathan, Ryan ten Doeschate and Andre Russel have been quite successful.
Coming into the match after handing a crushing 65-run defeat to Punjab in the second semifinal, Chennai would love to exploit the placid Chinnaswamy pitch, where they played most of their group matches.
Opener Dwayne Smith, who had a pretty good season last IPL but has been disappointing in CLT20, would look to make continued…

Fighting rages as Ukraine rebels try to seize Donetsk airportUpdated: October 3, 2014 19:41 IST
Fighting rages as Ukraine rebels try to seize Donetsk airport
AP
AP Smoke rises after artillery fire hit the airport in the town of Donetsk, eastern Ukraine on Friday.
TOPICS
armed conflict
Pro-Russian rebels pressed on Friday to seize a key airport in eastern Ukraine despite fierce resistance by government forces.
An AP reporter on Friday saw three rebel tanks firing their cannons at the main terminal of Donetsk airport, where government forces have holed up. Sniper shots rang around the area.
Rebels have made some gains in the area near the airport, seizing some buildings on its fringes and using them to target the main terminal.
Ukraine’s National Security and Defence Council spokesman Col. Andriy Lysenko said two Ukrainian servicemen have been killed and another nine wounded since Thursday. He said that Ukrainian forces at the airport have undergone rotation and firmly stood their ground.
The airport, located just north of Donetsk, the largest city in the east, gives the Ukrainian forces a convenient vantage point to target rebel positions. Its loss would be a major blow to Ukraine and would also allow the rebels to receive large cargo planes with supplies in addition to truck convoys from Russia.
Fighting for the airport has intensified this week, threatening to derail the truce declared September 5. A follow-up deal which called for both parties to pull back their artillery to create a buffer zone hasn’t been implemented.
Residential areas in Donetsk have been caught in the crossfire. A Red Cross staffer died on Thursday when a shell landed near the group’s office in Donetsk.
The rebels said the shelling came from the Ukrainian side, while Ukrainian Foreign Minister Pavlo Klimkin blamed the death of the Red Cross worker on “terrorists”.
A spokesman for U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon issued a statement late Thursday, saying the aid worker’s death, along with the shelling of a school that killed three people earlier this week, “underscore the fragility of the current cease-fire and the importance of ensuring a secure environment in south-eastern Ukraine that will allow humanitarian actors to carry out their work and deliver critical assistance to those most in need”.

Santelli: Higher yields after jobs
A chart that will make Senate Democrats winceBy Chris Cillizza October 3 Follow @thefix
President Obama made clear on Thursday that even though he isn't on the ballot on Nov. 4, his policies very much are .
Voluntarily nationalizing the midterm elections as an unpopular president is a strategy sure to make many Democratic Senate candidates very unhappy. Why? Because there is a very direct historical correlation between presidential approval and how that president's party does in midterm elections.  Bruce Mehlman, a Republican lobbyist at the firm of Mehlman Castagnetti, makes the point perfectly with a chart included in his latest quarterly political forecast, which he shared with me on Friday.
Here's Bruce's chart.
Remember that to win the Senate majority in 32 days, Republicans need to net six seats -- right where history suggests they'll be if Obama's approval stays close to where it is today. And also remember that there are seven Democratic-held Senate seats in states that Obama lost in 2012 -- and where his numbers have only fallen since.
That sound you hear is Senate Democrats groaning.
Chris Cillizza writes “The Fix,” a politics blog for the Washington Post. He also covers the White House.

Soriano in  Detwiler off rosterBy Adam Kilgore October 3 Follow @adamkilgorewp
(AP Photo/Lynne Sladky)
In making their final National League Division Series roster cuts, the Nationals kept high-priced, deposed closer Rafael Soriano and sidelined left-handed reliever Ross Detwiler and veteran right-handed slugger Scott Hairston, choosing a 12-man pitching staff to go with a five-man bench.
The Nationals’ toughest choice may have been the fate of Soriano, who is at the end of a two-year, $28-million contact, half of which is deferred until later years. Soriano offered more experience than any Nationals’ relief, and at the all-star break, his ERA was 0.97. Soriano posted a 6.48 ERA in the second half of the season, losing his closer job to Drew Storen on Sept. 5 . Soriano worked to fix his mechanics and sharpen his breaking ball, and though he was shaky in six appearances, he apparently regained Manager Matt Williams’s trust.
Detwiler, whom the Nationals converted to a reliever in spring training, is a surprise omission. In 2012, Detwiler’s Game 4 start was the Nationals’ best pitching performance of the playoffs. This season, Detwiler posted a 4.00 ERA in 63 innings while being used in sporadic fashion. In the final two weeks of the season, pitching coach Steve McCatty, in listing reasons he was pleased with the staff’s performance, mentioned the way Detwiler was pitching specifically, without prompting.
Facing a Giants team that includes left-handers Gregor Blanco, Brandon Crawford, Travis Ishikawa, Brandon Belt, Joe Panik and switch-hitter Pablo Sandoval, who fares better against right-handed pitchers, the Nationals have two lefties in their bullpen: Matt Thornton and Jerry Blevins.
Hairston, an 11-year veteran who would have appeared in his first postseason, hit .208/.253/.299 in limited action this season. Although he has shredded left-handed pitching in his career, Hairston went just 5 for 36 in the second half of the season.
We’ll have more later from Matt Williams.
1 of 30

Sib is a rubbish stockSilver Member
0 Follower
its great if it goes below 20... will give an opportunity to pick up an undervalued stock for supernormal returns....one has to have patience and look at valuations. If someone bought this stock @ 27/28 around 3- 5 years ago clearly it was relatively expensive on a P/B consideration - similarly 35-36 that happened a month or two back is about 1.5 times book which is the high end of valuation range for SIB -- so rather than blame the stock look at buying the business when it is relatively cheap - ideally at book and lower than book given that from pst parameters the cycle appears to be turning. The view of the investor should be to buy at 0.8 to 1 times book and sell at 1.5 to 2 times book .. don`t look at absolute prices - they are meaningless. Secondly about 50% of this stock is owned by investor ( PE funds / FII`s / HNI`s et all ) who have been with this business for some time -- so it is going down basis selling of the shares by small retail investors who are gutting out to chase hot momentum stocks - I am not saying thats wrong -- to each his own style... the returns could be vastly different...

Bro 119 cr shares fear is still alive .. but i don`t think more than 2...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Nifty goinng for 8250  all shorters last chance to cover shorts . all ...New Member
0 Follower
they post both view , chahe 7800 aaye ya 8200, then reposted by their fake id to show. their suceess. many new member had huge loss on their recommendations.
i pity n piss on them like mbp member.
any gapdown near 7860 just buy , next week target is 8150 stoploss is 7840 its simple.
8.14 PM Oct 3rd

Just wait and see  time will give reply to youPlatinum Member
140 Followers
Multibagger................After reaching the target of Rs. 220.........................the stock will be split into Face Value of Rs. 2 each..............................Again it will reach the target of Rs. 100 after the split also.....................Sure shot Multi Multi Bagger....................Never sell even a single share.............................Dont be trapped by the Operators who are working for the company for hammering the prices..................Buyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy...................Never sell

People management is key to become a successful CFO: Rajesh Kumar MehtaImportant for CFOs to be a master of strategy: Yes Bank Group President
Yes Bank Group President and Country Head Amit Kumar, introduces the audience to the BT-Yes Bank Best CFOs survey, fifth in partnesrship with the bank, while welcoming chief guest for the event Coal Minister Piyush Goyal, India Today Group Chairman Aroon Poorie and jury members.

Budding CFOs should maintain high levels of integrity: Ganesh MurthyImportant for CFOs to be a master of strategy: Yes Bank Group President
Yes Bank Group President and Country Head Amit Kumar, introduces the audience to the BT-Yes Bank Best CFOs survey, fifth in partnesrship with the bank, while welcoming chief guest for the event Coal Minister Piyush Goyal, India Today Group Chairman Aroon Poorie and jury members.

Samsung Galaxy Alpha is the slimmest device ever in the seriesKorean handset maker Samsung on September 27, 2014 launched a Galaxy Alpha 4G device under its galaxy series that will be available in market in first week of October for Rs 39,990.
ADVERTISEMENT

Aspiring CFOs should understand the building blocks of the business: Subbu SubramaniamImportant for CFOs to be a master of strategy: Yes Bank Group President
Yes Bank Group President and Country Head Amit Kumar, introduces the audience to the BT-Yes Bank Best CFOs survey, fifth in partnesrship with the bank, while welcoming chief guest for the event Coal Minister Piyush Goyal, India Today Group Chairman Aroon Poorie and jury members.

A CFO should create more value for the firm: Saumen ChakrabortyImportant for CFOs to be a master of strategy: Yes Bank Group President
Yes Bank Group President and Country Head Amit Kumar, introduces the audience to the BT-Yes Bank Best CFOs survey, fifth in partnesrship with the bank, while welcoming chief guest for the event Coal Minister Piyush Goyal, India Today Group Chairman Aroon Poorie and jury members.

Young CFOs should understand delegation of power: L KulshresthaImportant for CFOs to be a master of strategy: Yes Bank Group President
Yes Bank Group President and Country Head Amit Kumar, introduces the audience to the BT-Yes Bank Best CFOs survey, fifth in partnesrship with the bank, while welcoming chief guest for the event Coal Minister Piyush Goyal, India Today Group Chairman Aroon Poorie and jury members.

Govindudu Andarivadele: Once upon a familyTelugu cinema
If there’s a template for masala flicks, the Telugu film industry has another template for family entertainers. In recent years, family entertainers starring actors who have a box office pull are timed to release during the festive season. Filmmakers hope the family audience will troop in, connect with a thought, a dialogue, a character or a bond between the on-screen family members, have a good laugh, shed a few tears and get their money’s worth. An old-fashioned story told reasonably well is enough to put a smile on many faces. Krishnavamsi walks this predictable path in Govindudu Andarivadele.
An idealist father (played by Prakash Raj) constructs the village’s first hospital expecting that his son Chandrasekhar (Raghu), now a medical graduate, will help the hamlet have good medical facility. The son has his own plans — of going abroad in search of better prospects. The father snaps his bond with the son and years later, the grandson Abhiram (Ram Charan) comes to make amends, without disclosing his identity.
This oft-repeated tale, has shades of several family dramas told earlier in Telugu, Tamil and Hindi cinema. Yet, Krishnavamsi makes it his own in the way he narrates it. Ram Charan displays a few clichéd NRI quirks such as photographing monks in the airport, a buffalo on the road and gawks at Sankranti cock fights in the village. This youngster with a ponytail (there’s a close-up of the ponytail too) has a slight twang in the way he speaks, but doesn’t overdo the NRI traits.
He enters the household with a vague identity, learns agile stick fight moves and agriculture basics from the patriarch and basks in the warmth of the family members. The old hospital still lies abandoned. And the patriarch’s elder brother (played by Kota Srinivasa Rao) and his family members (Rao Ramesh and Aadarsh Balakrishna) await the right opportunity to overthrow Prakash Raj and get a stronghold on the village.
As the narrative explores the bond between the different generations and the elderly couple, there are scenes that remind one of Seetharamaiahgari manvaralu and Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham, among several other films. The character arcs of Srikanth, the wastrel son of Prakash Raj, Kota and Adarsh are somewhat reminiscent of similar characters in Kamal Haasan’s Thevar Magan. But Govindudu… doesn’t dig deeper into the uglier side.
The women and children are there to fill the frame without having much to do. Kamalinee Mukherjee is a capable actress whom we’d like to see more of. Cast in a small role, she does her best. A slightly plump, wide-eyed Kajal Aggarwal isn’t given much scope to perform and she does what is expected of her. Jayasudha never strikes a wrong note and holds her own majestically. Prakash Raj lives his role of an idealist, tad egoistic patriarch. Good support also come from Aadarsh, Raghu and Rao Ramesh.
The real show stealer though is Ram Charan. Long after Magadheera, he gets a platform to display his acting chops and guided by Krishnavamsi, he shows he can emote well.
Yuvan Shankar Raja gives the film a few hummable numbers.
There are plenty of niggling issues, the most cringe-worthy being the Srikanth-Kamalinee episode following which Srikanth is rightfully ousted from the family. Also, Ram Charan taunting Kajal with her pub photographs would, ideally, amount to harassment. What happens to the villain gang? And pray, which village house has a wooden bridge on ropes, which seems mounted just so that Charan can save a little girl and win the heart of the family members. But the film’s biggest drawback is it is soppy, melodramatic climax.
Govindudu Andarivadele
Cast: Ram Charan, Prakash Raj, Jayasudha and Kajal Aggarwal
Direction: Krishnavamsi
Story line: A grandson tries to mend strained relationship between a father and son.
Bottom line: Old-fashioned story, but largely enjoyable.

CEO boot camp for women: How to simplify your 1st pitch to investorsMillennium Park University of Chicago
A sample formula for making your first pitch to investors
Entrepreneurs need to keep simple their first presentations to investors, a business professor told a standing-room-only gathering of women business leaders in Chicago on Tuesday.
“Everything you know about your business does not equal your presentation,” said Waverly Deutsch, clinical professor of entrepreneurship at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business. Deutsch made her comments during a workshop on pitching to investors, part of American Express OPEN for Women: CEO BootCamp.
It’s about taking complex ideas and being so good at explaining them so that your grandmother understands. - Waverly Deutsch, University of Chicago
The day-long event at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park aimed to help women entrepreneurs network, sharpen skills and address issues in growing their businesses with sessions, keynote addresses and panel discussions. The event is part of a series that includes events in Los Angeles, New York and Miami.
The Chicago boot camp drew about 400 women. About 120 of them, including 40 sitting on the floor or standing, packed into Deutsch’s afternoon session, where she urged them to keep realistic their goals with their elevator pitches to investors.
“The purpose is to get them interested to ask you questions,” Deutsch said. “Entrepreneurs have a tendency to want to jam too much into their elevator pitches. It’s about taking complex ideas and being so good at explaining them so that your grandmother understands.”
A couple of sentences should answer what the product or service is, what problem it solves, who the customer is and why the product is unique, she said.  She offered this sample formula: We offer (solution) that solves (problem) for (customer). It is important because of (differentiation).   
After the pitch, the entrepreneur should stay quiet and wait for questions, the professor said. 
“Your elevator pitch won’t get you a check,” she said. “What you’re hoping it gets you is a meeting. It’s a courtship. I’m just trying to get the digits." 
Deutsch likened an elevator pitch to a coffee meeting with hopes of leading to the courtship equivalent of a dinner date — an investor presentation. 
Even there, she said, entrepreneurs should take care to not overload on information and to keep the visuals to a minimum, she said. 
“You have to be careful to select less content and explain it a little more thoroughly,” Deutsch said. “You’ve got to hope that what you pick and choose makes that person want to learn more.”
Emphasize the business investment, she said.

Infosys Launches New Solution for BanksYou are here: Home Corporates
Infosys Launches New Solution for Banks
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 02, 2014 17:14 (IST)
Why Zomato Has Been a Big Winner for Info Edge
New Delhi: The country's second largest software services firm Infosys today launched a new solution to help banks simplify transaction reconciliation processes.
Infosys Transaction Reconciliation solution (ITRS) is a unified solution that helps banks automate and centralise their reconciliation across multiple channels, reduces costs by offering simple, easy-to-use tool for bank employees to perform reconciliation tasks and functions, it said in a statement.
With automation and optimisation, the solution helps reduce the need for manual interaction and increases performance through auto-matching and straight through processing, it added.
With global spend on reconciliation expected to reach $1.27 billion by 2017, banks are increasingly looking for automated solutions.
A unified reconciliation solution such as ITRS helps banks efficiently while meeting the regulatory needs, it said.
The solution is capable of processing up to 50 million transactions per hour and reduces 15 to 50 per cent of time taken to on-board reconciliation tasks.
"A well-planned reconciliation helps banks reduce risks emanating from disparate systems and processes or manual interventions," Infosys executive vice president and head of financial services Mohit Joshi said.
Lack of a centralized, automated system could lead to expensive rework of reports and delays in account settlement.
ITRS draws on our extensive experience of serving the evolving technology needs of global banks, he added.
Story first published on: October 02, 2014 17:12 (IST)

The saga behind Washingtons most infamous hole in the ground nears a closeBy Jonathan O'Connell October 2 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
The Half Street hole, outside Nationals Park. (Photo by Jacqueline Dupree, courtesy of JDLand.com)
In the summer of 2004, executives from Monument Realty, a high-flying D.C. real estate developer, sat down to a meeting in the offices at 1100 New Jersey Ave. SE to decide whether to bet big on the neighborhood outside.
The 10-story building had been completed less than a year prior, and its location made it something of trailblazer. Built a few blocks from the Washington Navy Yard by another local firm, it was cut off by the Southeast Freeway from Capitol Hill and downtown, and it was surrounded by vacant lots, abandoned buildings and auto repair outfits.
But it was less than a mile from the Capitol. And there were growing signs that Major League Baseball would move the Montreal Expos to Washington. One of the four stadium sites was a few blocks from the New Jersey Avenue building.
Monument decided to go all in on the neighborhood, buying dozens of properties and planning a bold, mixed-use Half Street project on the doorstep of Nationals Park. Not a penny was spared marketing it.
But at the center of the project, all Monument ended up creating was a hole in the ground, one that came to signify much of how badly the real estate industry had gone astray during the bubble, laid bare for thousands of baseball fans once the Nationals arrived.
Only recently did the financial mechanisms that allowed it to lie fallow — fenced off with trees growing in the bottom — finally become unwound, when Washington’s most infamous hole in the ground went up for sale.
***
The first property Monument went after was a vacant lot surrounded by a sagging barbed wire fence at the corner of of N and Half Streets. Over the next three years, the company completed more than 20 transactions for more than 50 lots in the area.
The Northeast corner of Half and N streets SE in 2006, shortly after Monument bought it. (Photo by Jacqueline Dupree, courtesy of JDLand.com)
“It was anything from a single townhouse, very small lots, to some of the bigger ones, some land from Pepco, some land from families that had owned properties there for generations,” said Russell Hines, Monument president.
Monument was founded in 1998, and three years later, under the direction of principals Michael Darby and Jeffrey Neal, had become a darling of Lehman Bros., the Wall Street investment bank that shared the developer’s interest in aggressively buying Washington real estate.
Beginning in 2002, nearly all of Monument’s acquisitions were backed by Lehman . In 2003, the bank offered Monument a $7 million line of credit. That increased to $32 million less than a year later and to $80 million in 2005.
Together, the companies bought land and properties across the Washington area, including the Watergate Hotel, which they planned to turn into luxury condos next to the Potomac River.
The companies appeared to time their bet on the Navy Yard area perfectly. In September of 2004, just weeks after the meeting on New Jersey Avenue, D.C. officials led by then-Mayor Anthony Williams (D) offered 20 acres of land along South Capitol Street nearby to Major League Baseball for a new stadium.
Monument’s quickly expanding holdings on Half Street were across the street. Although the announcement launched a land rush on the properties in the neighborhood, the company was able to elbow out many of the competitors who arrived after the announcement.
By the time District officials locked up a deal to build the ballpark, they would have to buy some of the land from Monument.
“Once we had some key pieces, it didn’t make sense for other people to buy them because you needed to put these small blocks together into bigger developable parcels,” Hines said. “We were sort of ready with our money and a game plan.”
Among the investors who showed up looking to cash in was Victor MacFarlane, who served as an adviser to some of the country’s largest public retirement funds, the California Public Employees’ Retirement System and the California State Teachers’ Retirement System. At the peak of his business, MacFarlane managed about $20 billion in assets.
MacFarlane was betting big on real estate in big urban markets such as New York, San Francisco, Los Angeles and Seattle. Once Monument and Lehman had enough land on Half Street to plan a major mixed-use project, MacFarlane bought a 50 percent stake.
Together, the three companies planned a 1.5 million-square-foot ballpark entertainment district of condos, hotels, shopping and restaurants along Half Street. Monument built a new entrance to the Metro station as part of a land deal with the transit agency and plotted a curbless street with pavers and a string of buildings with distinct finishes.
This, the companies thought, would be the grand festive entrance to the city’s new ballpark. “It was meant to be this sort of celebratory atmosphere with restaurants and bars, and it would be programmed with music and festivals,” Hines said.
They began to market it heavily. They mailed glossy brochures around town:
They held parties with giveaways like T-shirts and pint glasses:
 
 
They even made packs of “limited edition” trading cards:
The companies began constructing an office building first, at 55 M St. SE. Then, in late 2007, with the new ballpark under construction and the Nationals set to play their first game there in less than six months, they broke ground on the next phase – luxury housing.
“By the time the baseball stadium opened in April of 2008, that hole was fully excavated and we had every intention of finishing two residential buildings and a hotel at that point,” Hines said. “But the development obviously was sailing into a storm that we didn’t see.”
***
Hines said he knew there were signs of concern when they began digging the hole. “There was still a lot of optimism in some regards, but we knew that the condo market had changed,” he said.
By February of 2008, still more than a month before opening day, the economy had collapsed and Monument was short on cash; it was forced to make layoffs and give up on the Watergate.  The value of MacFarlane’s new assets in D.C. and elsewhere began to drop precipitously . Lehman’s balance sheet was so damaged that it filed for the largest bankruptcy in American history. The companies shut down the construction site.
The hole in January 2009, after the first Nationals season there. (Photo by Jacqueline Dupree, courtesy of JDLand.com)
Monument and MacFarlane were now stuck with a partner tied up in bankruptcy. The hole in the ground, as prominent as it was outside the ballpark, became an illustrious local example of the excesses of the real estate bubble.
“People expect it to be like the stock and bond markets and recover in a quarter. It doesn’t happen that way,” said MacFarlane.
But long-term, he believed in the project, and decided to stick with it. “As much as I hated having bought a whole bunch of real estate at the height of the market, what’s been proven and is being proven again now is if you buy great real estate and you have the capital to hold on you will eventually do okay,” he said.
Last month, MacFarlane doubled down on his bet, buying Monument and Lehman out of the project for $34 million. With a Whole Foods on the way and a neighborhood of new amenities surrounding the hole, MacFarlane said there is reason for optimism.
“I think it’s a great long-term site and I think it will be better three years from now than today, primarily because there is  lot of place-making happening in that neighborhood right now,” he said.
Victor MacFarlane bet big on the ballpark area before the real estate bust. Now he’s doubling down. (Photo by Jeffrey MacMillan/Capital Business)
MacFarlane has tasked Jair Lynch, the local developer whose company his investment firm backs, with completing the project. The work will require tearing out the trees that have grown there over the past seven years and connecting a new parking lot to the one beneath 55 M St. SE, the office building Monument and MacFarlane built next door and later sold.
Lynch said he plans to keep much of the original plans for Half Street. Selling investors or apartment renters on Half Street, now part of a neighborhood known as Capitol Riverfront, ought to be a lot easier than when it was surrounded by vacant lots. Construction could start as early as 2016.
“The baseball stadium was the biggest thing and the driver of the neighborhood. Now we’re looking at a neighborhood that just happened to have a baseball stadium near to it,” he said.
Monument wanted to see the project through as well, but had its hands tied by the Lehman estate, which wanted to sell, Hines said.
“We would have been happy to do that and would have been ready willing and able, but MacFarlane wasn’t a seller and Lehman was, which put us in an unfortunate position,” Hines said.
Years after he began working on it, Hines said he has mixed emotions about Half Street. Although many consider it one of the company’s most glaring failures, Monument made millions on the project when it sold a stake to MacFarlane.
But Monument won’t be playing a role in the project he spent so much work on.
“I know it was a financial success for us because we made a substantial amount of money on the assemblage,” he said. “I was probably more attached to that site than to any other one, so to have it go away from us was tough. The truth is we have so much other stuff going on that I don’t spend too much time thinking about it. But I want to see them finish the building. I want to see it get done. And I want to see it be successful.”
Half Street promotional materials courtesy of Jacqueline Dupree/JDLand.com.
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

How to Save Each Otherreddit
As the Washington, D.C., premiere of Warner Bros.' new movie, The Good Lie , came to a close, I could barely see the credits through my tears, but the noise of the crowd around me erupting into cheers and the standing ovation was impossible to miss. This film really touched me. I knew I had to write about it.
The Good Lie is the story of some of the "Lost Boys" of Sudan -- orphans of war who walked hundreds of miles fleeing violence, only to spend a decade in a refugee camp before finally being resettled in America. But the film is much more than that. It is a story about the power of faith and regular people who do incredible things because there is no one else who can. It is the story of immigrants -- a funny and heartbreaking insight into what it is like to be a stranger in America. And it's a story and performance made all the more real because the Sudanese characters are played by actors who were child refugees and child soldiers themselves.
It stars Reese Witherspoon, whose character and role encapsulate so much of why this movie works. She's the headline draw for Warner Bros., but the movie is not about her. She helps the Lost Boys, but as is so often the case when we respond to God's call to care for our neighbor, they probably help her more. No one saves the day in this movie, but they all help save each other.
I got a chance to meet with Reese before the screening. Her main ask in our meeting was that I try to get teens and young people to see this film. She explained that all of her scenes were shot in the U.S., but after reading the script and meeting her Sudanese-American co-stars, she felt she had to go to the African shoot. She took her teenage daughter with her to the refugee camp where several of her costars grew up.
Reese Witherspoon said the experience of seeing that camp and experiencing even a small part of what these boys went through (and millions of God's children still go through) changed her. She told us her hope is that as Americans experience this story in theaters, they will be changed too. I was, and these stories were hardly new to me.
Most movies get the word out with lots of TV ads and posters, and Warner Bros. will put plenty of money behind advertising this film. But churches have started stepping up to add their voices and mobilize their networks as well. These are the kinds of messages we want coming out of Hollywood -- ones of sacrificial love that inspire us to live for each other, that remind us that though darkness may last for a night, there can be joy too.
Watching how these boys from the Sudan turned the mundane and rather miserable lives of the Americans they met into purpose and meaning was quite moving to me. The story clearly reverses the notion of who helps whom -- a common experience of what happens when people begin to "help the poor" in places like the Sudan, and even much closer to home. That is what our Scriptures tell us again and again -- relationship with the poor changes our lives and brings us closer to God.
Sojourners is proud to join Oxfam America, Sudan Sunrise, and the Enough Project in sponsoring a second premiere in Washington, D.C., this week. Hundreds of churches and non-profits also are lining up to buy out theaters around the country to host watch parties. And there are very good church and social justice discussion guides available for groups . As the head of the World Evangelical Alliance, Geoff Tunnifcliffe, said: "It's a story of courage, it's a story of sacrifice, it's a story that inspires you, but it also is a very real story about how one person can actually make a difference. There's an opportunity, through this film, to mobilize many people."
The Good Lie opens in limited release on Oct. 3, with a nationwide release to follow soon after. You should go. You should take your friends and family. You should take your older children. You should let this movie touch your heart and inspire you with lessons you will not soon forget.
Jim Wallis is president of Sojourners. His book, The (Un)Common Good: How the Gospel Brings Hope to a World Divided , the updated and revised paperback version of On God's Side, is available now.
Follow Jim Wallis on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jimwallis
More:

Nats opt for white towels instead of red for Game 1 of the NLDSBy Dan Steinberg October 2 Follow @dcsportsbog
(By Pablo Martinez Monsivais / AP
Before the 2012 playoffs began, the Nats announced that they would be handing out more than 40,000 rally towels for every home game of the National League Divisional Series against the Cardinals. The towels, which were handed out at all gates, were red, and had a white Curly W and the phrase “#Natitude” on them.
According to an e-mail sent from the Nats to some ticket holders back then, fans also were “encouraged to show their OCTOBER NATITUDE by wearing red to all games this week!”
Two years later, the colors have changed.
“Fans entering the ballpark through ALL GATES will receive a Postseason white rally towel, while supplies last,” the team announced on Thursday, in a press release about Game 1 of the series with the Giants.
The release further says that “as the Nationals enter the month of October, fans are encouraged to show Nothing But NATITUDE by wearing plenty of Curly W’s throughout the Postseason.” Curly Ws come in all colors, I suppose.
Kevin Frandsen, you’ll recall, made his own announcement earlier this week.
“Let’s make it a red-out on Friday night,” Frandsen said on 106.7 The Fan . “Just wear red.”
Here’s another look at the 2012 towel.
(Courtesy the Nationals)

BP challenges $18bn Deepwater rulingBP challenges $18bn Deepwater Horizon ruling
By Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dabd73c4-4aa9-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India ecommerce VC investment tops $1bnIndia ecommerce VC investment tops $1bn mark
By James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b26280ac-4aab-11e4-b8bc-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Azharuddin hits out at MS Dhoni  says appoint Virat Kohli as Test captainE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

SoftBank agrees $250m Legendary dealOctober 3, 2014 8:11 am
SoftBank targets Hollywood with $250m Legendary deal
By Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b79ce748-4ac3-11e4-839a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tensions flare in HK as protests thin© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/481ce604-4ad0-11e4-839a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Only big-bang reforms may fuel next market rally: Nirmal Jain  IIFLfmcg
(The rally, which was triggered…)
In an interview with ET Now, Nirmal Jain, Chairman, IIFL Group, talks about the market and shares his macroeconomic outlook. Excerpts:
ET Now: A lot has happened in the past two or three weeks. We have had the policy out of the way. The US visit has happened. We have had the Indian Prime Minister meeting the Chinese President as well over the last one month. What are your takeaways about what all of this means for the market?
Nirmal Jain: The rally, which was triggered by the euphoria because of change in government, is over. Now the market will consolidate and look for real action on the policy front as well as on the earnings and demand front.
The auto sector is doing well, but FMCG has also caught the attention of investors because commodity prices have corrected and the margins would have expanded there. The rupee is again gradually depreciating.
Earlier in the election phase, we had some populist speeches, which will bring down the value of dollar and the rupee will strengthen. But now the government has realized that allowing the rupee to depreciate gradually is in the best interest of the country. So, export-led companies like IT and pharma are coming back onto investors' radar. Now the rally will be driven more by bottom-up stock picking, actual policy and actual implementation of the projects.
ET Now: What steps should be taken to revive or do away with the jitteriness that investors might be experiencing?
Nirmal Jain: Lots of small things are needed to be done, which will take time because we are a democratic country. The government needs to do some big-bang things to get the investors' confidence back and move up the sentiment.
For instance, PSU bank reforms could have been a big-bang item. People thought that the crisis of bad loans and NPAs will resolve after the election and things will start moving quickly, but that has not happened. Projects still remain stalled. There is very little right now which can change things in the coal sector in the near future after the Supreme Court verdict on coal block allocation.
People thought that 2-3 months is a good enough time for a government which is in a hurry and when things need some urgent attention, they will happen. But it has not happened. At the same time, there are lots of things going on internally. People are working. The government bureaucracy is working much better than what it was working earlier. Ministers are also working. Many of them are new. They are new to politics. They are new to government.
So, most of the investors are still optimistic from a longer-term perspective, but they are not in a hurry to buy because nothing is going to run away now. That runaway part is over and now there will be more action-oriented, more actual result-oriented market and stock picking. That is what we will see now.
ET Now: We are just 20 days shy of this Diwali. Do you expect that a lot of things will be done from this Diwali to the next Diwali and the market will be at significantly higher levels than where it is right now?
Nirmal Jain: In 20 days, nothing dramatic should be expected.
ET Now: No I am talking about from this Diwali and to the next Diwali.
Nirmal Jain: To the next Diwali, yes. I am quite hopeful that lots of things will happen. I am very confident that at least if you look at the government and all the ministers, they seem quite determined that they want to do things.
In one year's time, we will see lots of action. Things will start moving on the investment front. A number of projects will probably take off. The next budget in the month of February will be a proper budget because the finance minister will get a lot more time.
All these uncertainties about re-allocation of coal mines, gas price, and power projects will probably go away. So between this Diwali and the next Diwali, I am quite optimistic that lots of things will happen.
ET Now: And the markets will be higher?
Nirmal Jain: Yes, the markets will be higher, the markets will be a lot more optimistic again.
ET Now: Significantly higher than where we are right now?
Nirmal Jain: I would say that the market already has run up. So maybe the market will see about 20-25% appreciation by the next Diwali.
ET Now: We had the RBI policy, the RBI talking about inflation going down. We also have the global risk of the US interest rates going up at some point of time in 2015 as well. How will all of these tie up and impact the markets over the next six months?
Nirmal Jain: The RBI also had made a forecast of 6.3% GDP growth next year. Normally, the RBI is a bit conservative in its estimates and people would expect it to be. Most of the analysts would probably think that if things get off the ground the way we have just talked about, then the GDP growth next year, with some bit of luck on monsoon and crude prices, may be somewhere between 6.5% and 7%, which will be very positive.

European Union commission clears Facebook s $19 billion bid for WhatsAppEuropean Union commission clears Facebook's $19 billion bid for WhatsApp
By Reuters | 3 Oct, 2014, 03.42PM IST
The landmark deal is the largest in Facebook's 10-year history and will give it a strong foothold in the fast-growing mobile messaging market, pitting it against telecoms companies.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BRUSSELS: Facebook , the world's most popular social network, gained European Union clearance on Friday for its proposed $19 billion takeover of mobile messaging startup WhatsApp in a deal setting it against the telecoms industry
The landmark deal is the largest in Facebook's 10-year history and will give it a strong foothold in the fast-growing mobile messaging market.
WhatsApp is poised to become a potentially powerful rival to companies such as Deutsche Telekom, Orange and Telecom Italia with its plan to add free voice-call services for its 450 million customers later this year.
The European Commission said the Facebook-WhatsApp deal would not hurt competition.
"We have carefully reviewed this proposed acquisition and come to the conclusion that it would not hamper competition in this dynamic and growing market. Consumers will continue to have a wide choice of consumer communications apps," European Competition Commissioner Joaquin Almunia said.
Reuters was the first to report on September 25 that the deal would be cleared unconditionally. US regulators nodded through the deal in April.
WhatsApp and its rivals such as KakaoTalk, China's WeChat and Viber have in recent years won over telecoms operators' customers with a free text messaging option, posing a serious threat to the sector's revenues from this business, which totalled about $120 billion last year, according to market researcher Ovum.

Brent edges up off 27-month low to $93.50Brent for November delivery was up 14 cents at $93.56 a barrel by 0838 GMT. But the contract is down more than $3 for the week.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Brent crude oil futures slipped on Friday towards $93 a barrel, extending a three-day slide that has pushed prices to their lowest since 2012, as abundant supplies and a strong dollar continued to weigh on the market.
Brent for November delivery was down 35 cents at $93.07 a barrel by 1033 GMT. On Thursday Brent touched $91.55 a barrel, its lowest since June 2012.
US November crude slipped 8 cents to $90.93 a barrel. It has lost around $2 this week, its steepest weekly fall in a month. It hit $88.18 in the previous session, its lowest point since April 2013.
The spread between the front month Brent and US crude futures contracts reached its narrowest since August 2013 at $2.15 a barrel in early trading, reflecting supply pressure on Brent and weak demand in Europe, where an overhang of unsold North Sea and West African barrels persists.
"Global concern over declining economic growth and waning demand combined with a robust supply continue to weigh on the global oil market," said Dorian Lucas, an analyst at energy consultancy Inenco.
The strong dollar is also hurting the commodities complex, up 0.43 per cent against a basket of currencies by 1042 GMT. A strong dollar makes commodities priced in dollars more expensive for buyers using other currencies.
"I was bearish, and I'm even more bearish now," said Bill Hubard, chief economist at Bankor. "As long as we have a dollar rally, we will see a move out of commodities."
The Brent crude benchmark is set to end the week down for the fourth week in five, having fallen more than 15 per cent this year. There was a slight retracement of Thursday's losses early in the session, but the overall trend remains to the downside.
Traders and analysts said the small bounce had been driven by short-covering as people laid in protection ahead of the US non-farm payrolls data. Economists polled by Reuters forecast a rise to 215,000 in September, rebounding from a disappointing 142,000 in August.
AMPLE SUPPLY
Geopolitical tensions in the Middle East, eastern Europe and Asia have failed to prevent a slide in the oil price over the summer. Although Islamic State insurgents have advanced across northern Iraq , this has had little impact on oil production in the south to date.
Some analysts say that only a cut in output by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) will rescue oil prices.
Although some OPEC countries are calling for supply cuts, other core members are betting that winter demand will revive the market, suggesting the group is no closer to any collective steps.
Saudi Arabia's move on Wednesday to cut official oil sale prices (OSPs) to Asian customers helped to send prices sharply lower. The move was seen as a strong sign it is trying to compete for crude market share and keep markets well supplied.
"Saudi Arabia isn't going to turn the spigot off -- for the Saudis this price is still profitable," said Hubard.
"There is definitely more to come on the downside. Although it is not optimal for Saudi Arabia they can cope with lower prices better than most and they may reap a dividend if lower prices choke off fresh non-OPEC production," added Christopher Bellew, a broker at Jefferies in London.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Jet Airways Offers Up to 50% Discount on FlightsYou are here: Home Corporates
Jet Airways Offers Up to 50% Discount on Domestic and International Flights
NDTV | Updated On: October 02, 2014 19:01 (IST)
Why Zomato Has Been a Big Winner for Info Edge
Jet Airways is offering discounts of up to 50 per cent on economy class and premiere class travel, across the airline's domestic and international network.
The bookings for the special fare offer are open till October 6, 2014 (inclusive). It is valid on travel from November 5, 2014 onwards on domestic and international routes.
This offer is also valid on several flights operated by Jet Airways in conjunction with its strategic partner Etihad Airways.
On domestic flights, the discount is offered on base fare plus fuel surcharge for economy and premiere fares on flights operated by Jet Airways and JetKonnect.
On international flights, the discount is applicable only on base fares. And for travel from India to Abu Dhabi, the discount is offered only on direct flights from Ahmedabad, Goa, Lucknow and Pune.
In another special offer, Jet Airways is offering fares as low as Rs 908 (all-inclusive) on select domestic routes, which is applicable on economy class tickets. This Jet Airways offer can be availed by booking before October 5 and is valid on travel after January 15, 2015.
As part of the offer, Jet Airways is offering Kochi-Bangalore tickets from Rs 908 and Bangalore-Kochi from Rs 1,162. Bangalore-Chennai tickets under this Jet Airways offer are priced from Rs 1,162 while Chennai-to-Bangalore from 1,017. On the Bangalore-Goa route, tickets are priced from Rs 1,162 while on Goa-Bangalore from Rs 916.
In the Bangalore-Chandigarh and Bangalore-Jaipur routes tickets are priced from Rs 2,390.
Story first published on: October 02, 2014 19:01 (IST)

Geo-political tensions  China and Eurozone will drive stock markets(The ground-level realities…)
By Dipen Shah
MUMBAI: The Indian markets remained volatile during the month of September on negative global cues related to softer growth in China and continued weakness in Eurozone.
On the domestic side, de-allocation of all the disputed coal blocks, lower than expected IIP numbers and deferment of gas price revision weighed on the markets. However, markets were relieved as the US Fed did not provide any cues of early rise in interest rates. The outlook upgrade from S&P somewhat aided the sentiment.
On economic front, IIP in the month of July reported dismal growth of 0.5% vs. 3.94% in June while August CPI showed some moderation to 7.8% from 8%. We believe that the economy has bottomed out and expect recovery in economic activity from current levels.
We note that, the ground-level realities have not yet improved greatly and that, the pace of economic recovery may be slow in the short term. Recent fall in global commodity prices, provide an opportunity to contain inflationary expectations. Fall in the crude prices is a silver lining for Indian markets in terms of reducing oil subsidies and import bill.
In the near term, geo-political tensions, economic growth in China/Eurozone will take most of the attention of the market. Quarterly results will start pouring in a couple of weeks and will impact individual stocks.
Valuations are at around the long-term average of 15x one-year forward consensus earnings (FY16). We believe that, affirmative action on reforms by the Government will be needed for providing confidence to the markets. This will, in turn, lead to a further re-rating of the markets in the medium-to-long term.
We expect further reforms by the Government and remain positive on the domestic infrastructure and cyclical sectors over the medium-to-long term. However, after the steep run-up in several of these stocks, we recommend sticking to quality and advise selectively investing in stocks having strong balance sheets and ethical managements.
On the other hand, we are positive on select export oriented stocks based on improving demand scenario in developed economies like USA. We expect rupee to remain in a range. Key risks to our recommendation are geo-political concerns globally, decline in foreign inflows, sharp currency movements and spike in oil prices.
FEATURED ARTICLES

15 amazing images of EarthBy Matt McFarland October 3 Follow @mattmcfarland
(Reuters/NASA)
Thursday NASA released this stunning photo of Europe taken from its  Suomi NPP satellite . The image is the result of the satellite’s Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite ( VIIRS ). The name may be a mouthful, but the images it produces make up for it. Here are some of the best photos the satellite’s taken with VIIRS since being launched three years ago.
A view of Florida and Cuba. (NASA)
Here’s the Great Lakes at night. (NASA)
A vegetation map of the Nile Delta. (NASA/NOAA)
(NASA’s NPP Land Product Evaluation and Testing Element)
The lights of Asia. (NASA)
Mexico takes center stage. (NASA/NOAA/GSFC/Suomi NPP/VIIRS/Norman Kuring)
A look at Hurricane Sandy. (NASA/NOAA/Jesse Allen)
(NASA)
A look at vegetation around the world. (NASA/NOAA)
(NASA)
The Americas after dark. (Chris Elvidge/NOAA National Geophysical Data Center)
(NASA)
A look at Europe and North Africa. (Reuters/NASA)
Matt McFarland is the editor of Innovations. He's always looking for the next big thing. You can find him on Twitter and Facebook .

Update: Disabled train cleared on Metros Red LineBy Victoria St. Martin October 3 Follow @VStMartin
Updated post at 6:57 a.m.
Red Line riders could see residual delays in both directions because of a disabled train at White Flint station.
Trains had been single-tracking because of the train, but normal service resumed quickly .
Updated post at 6:21 a.m.
Metro said normal service has resumed outside Union Station.
Original post at 6:10 a.m.
Metro riders could experience some delays Friday morning on the Red Line after a switch malfunction.
A 5:35 a.m. alert said a switch malfunction outside Union Station is delaying trains to Shady Grove station.
Just before 6 a.m., another Metro alert said to expect residual delays .
Victoria St. Martin covers breaking news and Prince William County for The Post's Local desk.

Forex reserves down $1.41 bn to $314.18 bnForex reserves down $1.41 bn to $314.18 bn
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 3:  
India’s foreign exchange (forex) reserves fell by $1.41 billion in the week ended September 26 to $314.18 billion.
Foreign currency assets, which form a bulk of the fore reserves, fell by $1.39 billion to $287.39 billion during the reporting week.
Gold Reserves remained unchanged at $20.93 billion.
Special Drawing Rights and the country’s reserve position in the International Monetary Fund (IMF) fell by $17.4 million and $6.2 million, respectively.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Stalkers creator says the show is meant to raise awareness. Its not  and thats a problem.By Alyssa Rosenberg October 3 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Detective Jack Larsen (Dylan McDermott) and Lt. Beth Davis (Maggie Q) investigate stalking crimes in the new CBS series “Stalker.” (Richard Cartwright/CBS)
“One in six women are stalked, one in 19 men,” “Stalker” creator Kevin Williamson told critics at the Television Critics Association press tour in Los Angeles in January, trying to sell reporters on the idea that his most recent crime drama has social significance. “What we’re doing is making an entertaining show, but at the same time, I’m hoping to raise a little bit of awareness to this crime that has sort of escalated to — because of social media, to such a degree that I think it could be kind of a timely piece, hopefully.”
“Stalker,” which debuted on CBS this week, is not that. Instead, it begins with an extended sequence of a woman being burned to death in her own car by a man wearing a mask that turns his features into an unnerving blank. The way the camera luxuriates on images of the woman’s pain and terror, rather than on her killer, has the unnerving effect of asking us to share his perspective and fascination with her agony.
What follows is not an improvement. It turns out that one of the main characters on the show, a new detective assigned to the Los Angeles police department’s stalking investigations unit (Dylan McDermott), likes to do a little extracurricular creeping around himself. The message of “Stalker” is split: Stalking can be a hideous, brutal crime, but it is also a spicy little detail that can be used to give a character an exciting frisson of darkness.
The National Center for Victims of Crime was so outraged by the show that Michelle Garcia, director of the organization’s Stalking Resource Center, wrote to CBS president and CEO Les Moonves to express her dismay.
“One of our greatest challenges in keeping victims safe and holding offenders accountable is the minimization and normalization of stalking behaviors,” she wrote. “This show only makes our work more difficult by framing stalking as entertainment. Would CBS air a show called ‘Rapist’ and justify it as a way to raise awareness about sexual violence?”
In the current media environment, the answer to that question is not an automatic “no.” But the point is not really that Kevin Williamson made an amoral stalking drama, which he has every right to do. The point is that there is something wildly insulting to viewers’ intelligence about trying to pass off an amoral stalking drama as sophisticated, socially conscious television.
Williamson is hardly alone in trying to earn praise for, or at least avoid criticism of, retrograde programming by claiming that what seems offensive is actually commentary on racial bias, violence against women or male entitlement.
Former Fox president Kevin Reilly did this last summer with “Dads,” a multicamera sitcom from Alec Sulkin and Wellesley Wild. The series started with some queasy tropes: Seth Green and Giovanni Ribisi played, respectively, a dudebro and a whipped young husband whose lives get worse when their racist, sexist dads crash with them.
“These guys are going to try to test a lot of boundaries. They are going to try to be equal-opportunity offenders. Do I think all the jokes right now are in calibration in the pilot? I don’t,” Reilly said when the pilot came out. “Here’s what I ask of you. If this show still has low-hanging-fruit jokes that seem in bad taste and haven’t been earned with intelligence, and the characters have not become full blown over the course of the next summer months — number 1, the show’s not going to work. And number 2, you should take it to task, and we’ll talk about that in January.”
“Dads” was not better by January. And by this summer, Reilly was gone from the network.
And this happened even back in 2012, when FX President John Landgraf tried to sell me on Charlie Sheen’s then-new sitcom “Anger Management.”
“Part of what the show is about, frankly, is a kind of comeuppance,” Landgraf insisted. “For example, he has a teenaged daughter, he has an ex-wife, his ex-wife has questionable tastes in men, and he was the first of her questionable tastes in men. But now, as a co-parent, he has to deal with a series of men in his 13-year-old daughter’s life, and that’s a kind of comeuppance for him.”
If it was comeuppance, “Anger Management” handed out an awfully gentle punishment to Sheen’s character. And the show’s carelessness turned out to be creative as well as political. Produced on rushed schedules, interrupted by Sheen’s clashes with his co-stars , it turned into just another slapdash multicamera sitcom that people seem to tune into mostly by accident .
Television executives and creators seem to have learned that they can persuade viewers and critics to check out a second or third episode of their shows by promising that they are socially relevant. But a good pitch does not make a show smart about politics, and it does not make it good at entertainment.
“Stalker” should serve as official notice. If you really want to make a socially engaged show, you do not get full credit just for trying. And if you try to pass off trash as treasure, the penalties for lying, or at least pandering, are going to be severe.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

OilMin sets up panel on delays in ONGC s gas discoveryOilMin sets up panel on delays in ONGC's gas discovery
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 03, 2014 05:40 PM IST
The Petroleum Ministry has set up a committee headed by DGH to inquire into the reasons for delay in developing gas discoveries in ONGC's Krishna Godavari basin KG-D5 block.
The three-member committee will be headed by B N Talukar, Director General of Directorate General of Hydrocarbons, and will have the financial advisor and a director from the ministry.
The panel will inquire into delay in developing fields by Oil and Natural Gas Corp in the block KG-DWN-98/2 or KG-D5, and submit its report by end-October, sources said.
ONGC's KG-D5 sits next to Reliance Industries' eastern offshore KG-DWN-98/3 or KG-D6 block in Bay of Bengal. Both blocks were awarded in the first round of auction under New Exploration Licensing Policy (NELP) in 2000.
While RIL began oil production from its KG-D6 block in September 2008 and gas output in April 2009, ONGC, which has made 11 oil and gas discoveries in KG-D5 block, is at least four years away from first gas.
The ministry now wants to investigate the reasons for the delay.
ONGC Chairman and Managing Director Dinesh K Sarraf welcomed constitution of the committee and said the company will extend all cooperation in the investigation.
He said gas production from the block is planned to begin in 2018 and oil output in 2019.
KG-D5 will produce up to 90,000 barrels per day (4.5 million tonnes per annum) - the largest from any field on the east coast. ONGC will produce 17 million standard cubic meters per day of gas from the block.
"We plan to put to production discoveries in northern part of the block together with finds in a neighbouring block," he said, adding that the company is working on a field development plan which will detail investment required.
KG-D5 is divided into a Northern Discovery Area (NDA) and Southern Discovery Area (SDA).
NDA holds an estimated 92.30 million tonnes of oil reserves and 97.568 billion cubic metres of inplace gas reserves spread over seven fields.
ONGC bought 90 per cent interest in Block KG-DWN-98/2 from Cairn Energy India Ltd in 2005. Cairn subsequently relinquished its remaining 10 per cent interest in favour of ONGC.
Before selling most of its stake and giving away operatorship of the block, Cairn made four discoveries in the area - Padmavati, Kanakdurga, N-1 and R-1 (Annapurna).
Subsequently, ONGC made six significant discoveries - E-1, A1, U1, W1, D-1 and KT-1 in NDA and the first ultra- deepwater discovery UD-1 at a record depth of 2,841 metres.
The NDA comprises discoveries like Padmawati, Kanadurga, D, E, U, A, while the ultra deepsea UD find lies in SDA.

Lamborghini tests out hybrid supercar AsterionAsterion LPI 910-4
(Lamborghini boss Stephan…)
PARIS: Lamborghini's Asterion LPI 910-4 concept was one of the most hotly anticpated unveilings of the Paris Motor Show , and the Italian supercar maker didn't disappoint.
The electric blue Asterion on display in Paris has been surrounded by cameras and curious onlookers since its unveiling Thursday. Lamborghini boss Stephan Winkelmann says the low-slung speedster is the first ever plug-in gas-elecric hybrid in Lamborghini's history.
INSIDE: Ivory leather, aluminum, forged carbon and titanium create a luxurious cabin. Storage space has been increased compared with other Lamborghinis, although no one is calling it roomy. A removable tablet controls audio, air conditioning and mapping features.
OUTSIDE: The Asterion, named after the mythical Minotaur in a nod to Lamborghini's tradition of naming all its cars after bulls, features more curves and almost none of the sharp angles that have been the hallmark of most recent Lamborghini designs. While its looks are different than the Aventador or Huracan, the Asterion remains unmistakably a Lamborghini.
UNDER THE HOOD: The plug-in hybrid is set up with a V10 aspirated engine and three electric motors, with a lithium battery under the center console. It boasts zero-to-100 km acceleration of 3 seconds and a top speed of 320 kilometers an hour.
GAS MILEAGE: Lamborghini says that the Asterion has a range of 50 km (30 miles) using the electric battery alone.
CHEERS: The curvy good looks. Lamborghini power and styling for those who don't like their cars to look like aggressive enemy spacecraft.
JEERS: It's only a concept.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SC declines urgent hearing plea of Sahara ch...Supreme Court declines urgent hearing plea of Sahara chief Subrata Roy
PTI Oct 3, 2014, 06.29PM IST
Tags:
H L Dattu
(On Wednesday, Roy was sent…)
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today declined to give an urgent hearing to the plea of jailed Sahara chief Subrata Roy seeking bail to attend the cremation and perform rituals relating to the death of his aunt.
The application was mentioned by Roy's advocates at the residence of Chief Justice H L Dattu who said that there is no urgency in the matter and it will come for hearing in the regular court.
Official sources said that Roy had sought relief for 15 days.
His aunt, who was staying with the Sahara chief's family, had died yesterday in Lucknow at the age of 90.
On Wednesday, Roy was sent back to his cell in Tihar jail at the end of the period granted by the Supreme Court to stay at an air conditioned facility in the complex to negotiate sale of his overseas luxury hotels.
The court had extended Roy's stay at the Tihar Jail conference room by 15 days on September 8 for him to sell the properties to raise Rs 10,000 crore to be deposited with SEBI for his bail.
The Supreme Court, on August 1 had allowed Roy and two of his group directors to use the fully air-conditioned conference room in Tihar jail complex for 10 days from August 5, within a given time lot of 6:00 am to 8:00 pm.
The meetings held by the group under the surveillance of CCTV cameras.
Roy, 65, was using the conference room with services like Wi-Fi and video-conferencing. He was allowed two laptops, two desktops, landline phones with STD/ISD facilities and a mobile phone.
Two secretarial and one technical person were also allowed to assist him. Roy has been lodged in Tihar Jail since March 4 this year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Transformers: Age of Extinction and other new DVDsComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

EasyJet is profiting from the misery of othersShare
Tap image to zoom
The numbers: Flying high. Low-budget airline EasyJet published some bullish projections for its latest fiscal year, adding some £20 million ($32 million) to its pre-tax profit target. It now expects profit for the year ending September to be £575-580 million when it reports final figures next month.
The takeaway: Higher passenger numbers , lower fuel costs, and favorable currency trends have all helped the airline boost its results in recent quarters. Investors are also cheering the prospects for a bigger dividend , sending EasyJet’s share price up by more than 6% today.
What’s interesting: EasyJet’s strategy to attract more high-margin business travellers  is working well, but the airline has also benefited from the dysfunction of competitors. Air France pilots’ two-week strike last month boosted EasyJet’s revenue by £5 million, as passengers switched to the budget carrier on shared routes. Ryanair’s costly efforts to turn around its penny-pinching reputation  have also reflected well on EasyJet, even though it is no stranger to the same sharp practices.
Share this:

The Islamic State takes center stage in another attack adBy Jose A. DelReal October 3 Follow jdelreal
GOP Senate hopeful Thom Tillis is up in North Carolina with an attack ad hitting Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan for "going along" with President Obama's "weak" strategy for dealing with the Islamic State.
The direct-to-camera spot features Nancy Anderson, a retired Lieutenant Colonel in the Air Force and the mother of a marine, who speaks out against the two Democrats.
“Going to war is hard, but not as hard as sending your kids off to war,” she says. “It makes me so mad to see how the president's weakness has allowed the Islamic State to grow. And Senator Hagan, she just goes along with him.”
This ad from North Carolina Senate candidate Thom Thillis (R) stars a military veteran, mother and wife criticizing Thillis's opponent, Sen. Kay Hagan (D), for "going right along" with President Obama on the Islamic State. (Thom Thillis via YouTube)
She adds: “We can’t let our kids die in vain. We have to change our senator.” The ad was first reported by Roll Call.
This isn't the first time Tillis has gone up with an ad citing the Islamic State. On Monday, he released an attack ad saying Hagan missed half of the Senate Armed Services Committee hearings in 2014.
"While ISIS grew, Obama kept waiting, and Kay Hagan kept quiet. The price for their failure is danger,” the narrator says in the clip.
The group has been featured in ads by Republican candidates in a string of competitive races this year. The campaign of Senate nominee Allan Weh (R-N.M.) launched a controversial spot last month that featured a brief image of a member of the group from the video the Islamic State released of the killing of journalist James Foley. Last week, New Hampshire GOP Senate candidate Scott Brown, who has made national security a major issue in his fight to unseat Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D-N.H.), released a spot that accused both Shaheen and Obama of misunderstanding the threat posed by terrorism, as an image of a man holding what appears to be the group's black flag flashed on-screen.
“Radical Islamic terrorists are threatening to cause the collapse of our country,” said Brown. "President Obama and Senator Shaheen seem to be confused about the nature of the threat. Not me.”
Jose DelReal is a blogger for Post Politics.

The Unemployment Rate Finally Falls Below 6 PercentSays America.
Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
The economy added a solid 248,000 jobs in September, while the unemployment rate dipped below 6 percent for the first time since July of 2008. This is obviously happy news. The labor market is continuing to move along at a decent clip.
But with good news comes tension. As the unemployment rate continues to fall, you can expect to hear more calls for the Federal Reserve to finally raise interest rates to head off inflation. At this point, that still seems premature. The unemployment rate has dropped, in part, because Americans have left the workforce. At 62.7 percent, the participation rate is at its lowest point since 1978. Some of that is due to retiring baby boomers. But there are still a high number of discouraged workers who want jobs but have stopped looking for employment because they simply don't see any opportunities. Long-term unemployment is improving, but still severe. Meanwhile, hourly wages are up just 2 percent over the year—from August to September, they didn't rise at all—another sign that employers aren't having any trouble finding ready and willing workers.
Advertisement
So there are still Americans sitting out the jobs recovery, and companies still aren't handing out the kind of raises that would create inflationary pressure. The market's getting healthy. But it's certainly not so red hot that Janet Yellen needs to cool it down.  
Jordan Weissmann is Slate's senior business and economics correspondent.

Spanish court rejects Lionel Messis appeal in tax fraud casePrint
Reuters | Barcelona | Posted: October 3, 2014 7:28 pm
A Spanish court has rejected an appeal lodged by Argentina and Barcelona forward Lionel Messi against his prosecution for alleged tax evasion.
Spain’s public prosecutor argued in June that Messi’s father Jorge was responsible for the family’s finances and not the four-times World Player of the Year.
A court in Barcelona decided, however, Lionel Messi could have known about and approved the creation of a web of shell companies that were allegedly used to evade taxes due on income from image rights.
The appeal against that decision has been rejected, according to court documents published on Friday.
Messi and his father have been accused of defrauding the Spanish state of more than 4 million euros (5 million US dollars).

Gas Prices Drop to a Four-Year Low
Who said its trashUpdated: October 3, 2014 20:18 IST
Who said it’s trash?
Vishal Menon
real estate
Bengaluru-based Green Techlife has come up with SmartBin, a kitchen dustbin that converts food waste into rich compost. Vishal Menon talks to creator Arijit Mitra
Arijit Mitra, CEO and founder of Green Techlife, quit his corporate job to start a business that can add value to the environment. Using his home as a garage, he first designed SmartGarden, a self-watering organic garden suitable for terraces and balconies. Now, his company has come up with SmartBin, a kitchen dustbin that converts food waste into compost for plants.
“I know people who are used to having their own garden, but when they move to the city, they find it difficult to raise even a few plants leave alone a garden. People want to contribute to the environment but find it hard in urban spaces. That’s when a simple concept like SmartBin could fit well into their busy schedules,” says Arijit.
SmartBin is a 20-litre bucket into which one disposes food waste. Fill the bin with waste chopped into small pieces, adding 1 tsp of Bio Bloom — a microbe that prevents rotting — every time till the bin is full. It takes about two weeks for the waste to get pickled. This pickle should be layered with dry compost and stored in another container. In three to six weeks, this will transform into compost.
Even though SmartBin was meant to create compost, its liquid by-product has been found to be just as useful. “During the pickling stage, the food waste generates a liquid that must be drained using the tap on SmartBin. This liquid, which we call SmartBrew, unclogs pipes by eating away the grime; moreover it is an excellent organic liquid fertilizer. We’ve had customers telling us incidents where the liquid saved dying plants.”
A SmartBin costs Rs. 2,295, but its costs can be easily recovered in the long run, says Arijit. “On an average, a family of four generates about 8 kg of high-grade compost per month and a packet of compost comes at a price of Rs. 40 per kg. So, a family generates compost worth Rs. 320 per month. Even if you subtract Rs. 82 per month of Bio Bloom, this would still leave you with Rs. 2,856 in just one year and a SmartBin can last up to 15 years. So these initial costs will seem paltry in the long run.”
The company delivers SmartBins across the country. For details, call 92292 24424 or visit www.greentechlife.in.

http://usat.ly/1vjySJXStocks leap as jobs rebound; Dow adds 209
Stocks are moving higher Friday after the government's monthly employment report showed a rebounding jobs market.
Post to Facebook
Stocks leap as jobs rebound; Dow adds 209 Stocks are moving higher Friday after the government's monthly employment report showed a rebounding jobs market. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vCXUpS
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
10
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks leap as jobs rebound; Dow adds 209
Paul Davidson , USA TODAY 4:10 p.m. EDT October 3, 2014
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
83 CONNECT 80 TWEET 15 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The stock market staged a strong rally Friday -- with the Dow up  more than 200 points back above the 17,000 level -- after the government's monthly employment report showed a rebounding jobs market.
The Dow Jones industrial average added 208.64 points, 1.2%, to end at 17,009.69. The Standard & Poor's 500 index gained 21.73 points, 1.1%, to finish at 1967.90. The tech-laden Nasdaq composite index rose 45.43 points, 1%, to close at 4475.62.
The rally extended an impressive turnaround that started midday Thursday, when the Dow went from a 130-point loss to end the day down just 4 points as concerns eased about the global economy and protests in Hong Kong.
Stocks surged at the opening bell following news the labor market rebounded sharply in September as employers added 248,000 jobs, the second-largest gain for any month this year.
The unemployment rate fell to 5.9% from 6.1%, lowest since July 2008, the Labor Department said Friday.
Labor participation rate at lowest since Feb. 1978 despite recent job gains, U.S. data shows http://t.co/pBzZq6hswx
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) October 3, 2014
August's initially disappointing job gains were revised to 180,000 from 142,000. July's count was revised to 243,000 from 212,000, boosting gains for the two summer months by 69,000.
That brings total payroll gains for the year above 2 million.
The good jobs news helped patch up some of the damage from a particularly rough patch for stocks the past two weeks. Since the Dow closed at a record high of 17,279.74 on Sept. 19, it has been caught up in a string volatile trading sessions that included six triple-digit moves, four of which were on the downside, including a 238-point drop on the first trading day of October.
Friday's rally leaves the Dow less than 1.5% from its record high and for now helps quiet concerns the stock market was headed for a more serious slide.
Service jobs rise
In other economic news, U.S. service firms expanded at a healthy pace in September although it was slightly below the record pace set in August.
The Institute for Supply Management reported Friday that its service index dipped to 58.6 last month, down from a reading of 59.6 in August which had been the strongest level recorded since the measure was introduced in January 2008.
Hiring at service firms, where most Americans work, rose for a seventh straight month.
Trade gap shrinks
The U.S. trade deficit shrank for the fourth straight month in August, falling to the lowest level since January as exports rose to an all-time high.
The deficit dropped 0.5% in August to $40.1 billion, compared to a revised $40.3 billion in July, the Commerce Department reported Friday.
Global markets
In Asia, Japan's Nikkei 225 index rose 46.7 points, or 0.3%, to 15,708.7 points. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index reopened following a two-day national holiday amid massive street protests, gaining 131.6 points, or 0.6%, to 23,064.56.
Britain's FTSE 100 ended up 1.3% and France's CAC-40 gained 0.9%.
Contributing: The Associated Press, William Cummings, Ed Brackett.
U.S. firms' hiring streak hits 55 straight months; more than 10M jobs added from March 2010 through September http://t.co/x1S0o8tiWw
83 CONNECT 80 TWEET 15 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vCXUpS
USA NOW
Boy with toy gun shot and killed by Cleveland Police
Nov 24, 2014

http://usat.ly/1rSOghUAmerican Apparel added to a notorious list
By: Matt Krantz October 3, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
American Apparel (APP) , the struggling clothing maker that ousted its CEO and founder this year, has been added to Standard & Poor’s list of the companies the most at risk of defaulting on their debt payments.
Both stock and bond investors pay close attention to this list of “Weakest Links.” It’s a Who’s Who of the companies with the lowest credit ratings that also have negative futures in S&P’s eyes. These stocks are, S&P finds, the most likely to default or run into serious trouble. S&P updated its list earlier this week.
Being added to the Weakest Links list not just a caution sign for bond investors, but for stock investors, too. When companies default or have difficultly making interest payments, they often resort to actions that seriously harm common-stock holders.
American Apparel investors have already endured significant pain. Shares are down 37% over the past year as the company’s losses continue to mount. American Apparel lost $106 million last year, up from a loss of $37 million in 2002.
The company has made changes. In addition to ousting its CEO Dov Charney, the company in July signed a deal with Standard General for $25 million in financial backing.
But apparently, that’s not enough to pull the company out of its serious woes, according to the action by S&P. American Apparel is one of eight companies added to the list in the latest report– and the only one that’s publicly traded. American Apparel trades on the American Stock Exchange. Here are all the companies S&P added to its Weakest Links in the Sept. 30 report:
AM General

Dallas Ebola patient in serious condition
Wisconsins governors race is the least positive in the countryBy Hunter Schwarz October 3 Follow @hunterschwarz
Wisconsin Republican Gov. Scott Walker, left, and his Democratic challenger, Mary Burke, at campaign events. (AP Photo/AP, Scott Bauer and The Journal Times, Scott Anderson)
Less than four percent of campaign ads in Wisconsin’s gubernatorial race are positive, the lowest rate in the country, according to a study by the Wesleyan Media Project.
Television ads about the governor’s race airing from Sept. 12 to 25 were 3.7 percent positive and 61.5 percent negative, while 34.8 percent were contrast ads. The study used data from Kantar Media/CMAG with analysis by the Wesleyan Media Project.
Breakdown of Wisconsin gubernatorial race ads from Sept. 12 to Sept. 25
Gov. Scott Walker (R) has a 5.8-point lead over his Democratic challenger Mary Burke, the first time since March tht either candidate has had a lead outside the margin of error, a Marquette University Law School poll released Wednesday found.
Wisconsin might have the smallest percentage of positive ads, but it doesn’t have the highest percentage of negative ads. That honor goes to Marlyand, where eight out of every 10 ads were negative.
Other states with low percentages of positive governor’s race ads are New York (5.5 percent) and Connecticut (8.3 percent).
Reporter for The Washington Post. Formerly of the BuzzFeed Los Angeles bureau.

Sir any options call from you for devalisorry...I never post calls...I was intrigued by one molly and followed her .
options are like bridge or chess..one must have atleast eight eyes and four ears.
I do not feel postings on options are useful...they are just "ego postings"...or one`s puts and calls already in place hollering for fall/ rise in nifty!
thank u.gn.goodbye to all..especially molly!
my best advise to all option traders is : close out with in a week unless u can sense some thing huge coming and remember "something huge" happens only once or twice in a year
a bird in hand is worth two in the bush.

Indeed sgx shows very slim..light ...thin green. but a gap down or dur...sorry...I never post calls...I was intrigued by one molly and followed her .
options are like bridge or chess..one must have atleast eight eyes and four ears.
I do not feel postings on options are useful...they are just "ego postings"...or one`s puts and calls already in place hollering for fall/ rise in nifty!
thank u.gn.goodbye to all..especially molly!
my best advise to all option traders is : close out with in a week unless u can sense some thing huge coming and remember "something huge" happens only once or twice in a year
a bird in hand is worth two in the bush.

Jab sara buy karnavala nikla ga tab up hoga billionCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Ok rishi as you wish. all the best. aro granite is not my kind of stoc...Platinum Member
184 Followers
Yes agreed.  But that is what value investing is all about.  It is well nigh impossible to judge the integrity of the management sitting from a distance.  So we take calculated bets.  But yes there are enough pointers in the financials if things are fishy.  I could not find any.   Their financials are relatively clean.  I know that it is historically valued at sub 10 PE but Willwin if you see so were many other stocks I can just go on and on which have been like that for 5 years which have tripled in last 3 months.  We had discussed Indag rubbers, NBCC a few months back and now look at where they are today.
But yes I am taking a calculated bet.  Do let me know your views on the same.  And yes I am always ultra cautious so a strict cap and constant review is always the norm.  Do have a look at it.
About its products it does not have a brand like say Asian granite but that is because it is a pure EOU.
Only issue is about working capital but I am willing to discount that because due to its export status turnover days will be longer.
A real interesting case. Let us have a discussion on the same.
By the way do have a look at equax.com.  A good filterer.
Aro granite has a score of 100 in there.

Analyst Corner: Outperform on Strides after Shasun merger  says IDFC Institutional SecuritiesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

United Spirits  MCX Scrips to be Shifted from Group AYou are here: Home Market
United Spirits, MCX Scrips to be Shifted from Group A
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 02, 2014 15:39 (IST)
Reliance Cap, Max India Gain on Higher FDI Proposal
New Delhi:
Leading stock exchange BSE will shift three scrips-- United Spirits, MCX and Financial Technologies-- from 'Group A' category, comprising top 300 companies, from next week.
As part of the periodic review, BSE would transfer scrips of these companies from 'Group A' to 'Group B' companies with effect from October 7 this year, the exchange said in a circular.
Besides, as many as 105 companies including Just Dial, TVS Motors, SKS Microfinance, India Cements, PTC India, Godrej Properties and NIIT Technologies will be shifted to 'Group A' segment from 'Group B'.
BSE has classified equity scrips into categories such as Group A, Group B, Group T, among others, to provide a guidance to the investors.
Group A is the most tracked segment consisting of about 300 scrips while Group B consists of more than 3,000 stocks.
The classification is based on several factors like market capitalisation, trading volumes and numbers, track records, profits, dividends, shareholding patterns and some qualitative aspects.
Among other stocks which would be transferred to Group A are GVK Power & Infrastructure, Punj LLoyd, Ceat, BEML , Indiabulls Power, Fortis Healthcare and SJVN.
Story first published on: October 02, 2014 15:34 (IST)

Government Planning to Sell 5% Stake in RCF Next Fiscal: ReportWhy Zomato Has Been a Big Winner for Info Edge
New Delhi: The government is planning to divest at least 5 per cent stake in state-run Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilizers (RCF) in 2015-16, sources said.
"There are plans to divest at least 5 per cent stake in the company (RCF) in the next fiscal, which could be raised to 10 per cent," a source said.
The government at present owns 80 per cent stake in the company, while remaining 20 per cent is with the public and institutions. LIC holds 6.45 per cent, the biggest stake by stakeholder other than other than promoters.
Shares of RCF closed at Rs 52.15 apiece at last close in BSE. At the prevailing price, sale of 5 per cent stake or 2.76 crore shares would fetch around Rs 145 crore to the exchequer.
The share sale will help the government make RCF complaint with the minimum 75 per cent public shareholding norm of market regulator Sebi.
In March 2013, government had raised Rs 310 crore from sale of 12.5 per cent stake in RCF through offer for sale route, which got over-subscribed 1.3 times.
Meanwhile, replying to the queries raised during the 37th Annual General Meeting of RCF on September 19, the company's chairman and managing director R G Rajan had clarified that "the government will take decision regarding the disinvestment and most probably, it may be in the next year".
In the first quarter of the current financial year 2014-15, RCF has reported a net profit to Rs 83.95 crore for the first quarter ended on June 30, on account of higher income.
The company has also proposed setting up a subsidiary 'RCF Videsh' that will specifically focus on ventures and assets abroad where feedstock natural gas is cheap or raw materials like phosphate are available in abundance.
Story first published on: October 02, 2014 17:33 (IST)

The fatal flaw in the fight against IsisThe fatal flaw in the west’s fight against Isis
By Philip Stephens
Preventing the collapse of Iraq was one thing. Waging an open-ended war is quite another
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1cef76e2-48c1-11e4-9f63-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is challenging  but unabashedly bookishBy Christopher Byrd October 2
A scene from “The Vanishing of Ethan Carter.” (Courtesy of The Astronauts)
The Vanishing of Ethan Carter
Developer: The Astronauts
Available on PC
$19.99
Rarely while playing video games do my thoughts turn to a poet’s musings, but as I tramped my way through “The Vanishing of Ethan Carter” — the first game from the small, Warsaw-based studio the Astronauts — I was reminded of a famous quip from the Polish poet Czeslaw Milosz, “When a writer is born into a family, the family is finished.” Milosz’s remark dramatizes the risks of living with writers: You never know whether your words or likeness might sneak into their work. A player doesn’t have to progress far into the Astronauts’ first-person-perspective, supernatural mystery game to see how one family’s treatment of its youngest member bears signs of such anxiety.
In “The Vanishing of Ethan Carter,” players dip into the consciousness of Paul Prospero, a paranormal investigator, on his last case, whose physical attributes are never seen. At the beginning of the game, Prospero notes that he is the recipient of many letters from potential clients. One gathers from his world-weary voice that he is the sort who is perpetually behind on his correspondence. Yet a letter from a boy, the aforementioned Ethan Carter, draws his attention due to its familiarity with strange phenomena that slip the notice of most adults, let alone kids.
Intrigued by the letter’s urgency, Prospero sets out for the hamlet of Red Creek Valley where, since 1967, the Carter family has overseen the Vandegriff estate, which has been neglected by its heirs. Red Creek Valley’s verdant, rolling landscape looks stunning on the PC. If you visit the Astronauts’ website , you can read a detailed account of how the studio employed a process known as photogrammetry to convert individual photographs — taken throughout Poland — into contiguous, virtual building blocks. This digital alchemy makes playing the game feel like swimming through a painting.
When Prospero emerges from a train tunnel into Red Creek Valley, a cursory look at the surrounding wooded area reveals a wildlife trap. “The Vanishing of Ethan Carter” uses the kind of simple point-and-click mechanics that have defined PC adventure games for decades. Clicking on the trap causes a fragmentary mental image to bubble up on screen.  Once similar objects in the immediate vicinity have been found and examined, the scene coheres. And, in this instance, the player is rewarded with a handwritten draft of one of Ethan’s short stories about a miser who coveted an area of land which he took pains to keep others from enjoying.
“The Vanishing of Ethan Carter” (Courtesy of The Astronauts)
Pushing deeper into Red Creek Valley, Prospero’s thoughts take in the economic carnage caused by the flight of industry from the area. Soon he comes upon the severed corpse of a teenager who clearly ran afoul of a train. A thorough investigation of the scene reveals that the person in question is Ethan’s brother, who was murdered by their grandfather, who ran him over with a train car. An exploration of the Carters’ residence nearby reveals evidence of a siege — boarded-up windows and overturned furniture arrest the eye. So do the books — by such imaginative authors as Jules Verne, Edgar Allan Poe and Robert Louis Stevenson — that are scattered throughout the house. The books are the only amenities in this home, which otherwise lacks for diversions.
Passing between the rooms, one hears snippets of past conversations that latch upon Ethan’s unbounded curiosity. Alongside a maternal lament that he should re-focus his attention on practical matters lurks an ominous sense of worry and anger. Appearances suggest that Ethan’s curiosity guided him to a secret room in one of the buildings on the Vandegriff estate and that his trespass bodes ill for the family.
I haven’t encountered a game with such an unabashedly bookish personality since “Dear Esther,” which some wits have described as less a game than a glorified walking simulator. Like Dear Esther , the primary draw of “The Vanishing of Ethan Carter” is its melancholy atmosphere, not its game-play mechanics; however, unlike “Dear Esther,” which is a game shorn of any challenge, the Astronauts’ work is not without its difficulties. Booting it up for the first time, one is treated with the aesthetic declaration that “this game is a narrative experience that does not hold your hand,” which seems like the type of boast destined for endless citation.
Basically, that means there are no on-screen way-points or needling loops of dialogue to send you hopping from objective to objective. Although you eventually discover a map, it’s possible — if your cartography skills are as poor as mine — that you might end up sifting tediously through the game’s environment, searching for something to advance the story. Near the end, I thought I hit a bug and restarted. Alas, on my second go-round, I realized that I’d missed a puzzle that I hadn’t realized was a puzzle.
An interesting effect of leaving players to their own devices is that it opens up the possibility for boredom; this seems like an especially potent artistic challenge in our age of instant gratification. Crisscrossing the landscape while haplessly searching for something to click on, I grew to loathe those autumnal trees and the lichen-laden rocks, which made me empathize a bit more with some of the game’s characters. If anything, I wish there had been more dialogue in the game, which, for all its supernatural trimmings, is really about how guilt gnaws its way through family life.
It seems to me of little importance whether one works out the mystery early on. The Astronauts should have reason to feel confident that their simple, predictable tale is quietly affecting.
REVIEWER’S NOTE:
I played “The Vanishing of Ethan Carter” on a 3.8 GHz, quad-core computer with a Radeon 6950 2GB graphics card on high graphics settings. (A PlayStation 4 edition is due out in 2015.)
Christopher Byrd is a Brooklyn-based writer who has been playing video games since the days of the Atari 2600. His writing has appeared in the New York Times Book Review, The Barnes & Noble Review, Al Jazeera America, the Guardian, and elsewhere. Follow him on Twitter @Chris_Byrd .
Books are scattered throughout the Carters’ house in “The Vanishing of Ethan Carter.” (Courtesy of The Astronauts)

Korean men get a makeoverFrom machismo to moisturiser – Korean men get a makeover
By Song Jung-a
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/744b7082-4892-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Car and home insurer USAA asks permission to test dronesUSAA, which serves 10.4 million current and former members of the U.S. military, said the idea would be to use drones that would get into neighborhoods immediately after catastrophes, lessening the need for humans to take on that risk.
Drones the future of real estate?
Dan Isaacson, owner of CAVU Investments, created a business out of making videos using unmanned aerial vehicles, or drones, for real estate agents who want to market their properties in a better way.
Dan Isaacson, owner of CAVU Investments, created a business out of making videos using unmanned aerial vehicles, or drones, for real estate agents who want to market their properties in a better way.
See more videos
During the testing and research phase, the 5-pound, “slow-speed” aircraft made by U.S.-based PrecisionHawk would fly during the day within the line of sight of a trained pilot and air crew on the USAA campus and privately owned rural unpopulated land around its headquarters city of San Antonio, said USAA.
The drones would also be tested when winds are under 30 miles per hour, and would be stopped when less than 20 percent of the battery life is remaining, USAA said. It says it has owner agreements in place for its testing over the private lands.

3 Tips for Starting Your Own Business at Any Agereddit
Leaving your career to start a new venture can be daunting at any age. However, later in life might actually be the perfect time to leap and watch the net appear. Remember that scene from Indiana Jones & the Last Crusade when he had to take a leap of faith by crossing a huge abyss and the path builds underneath him? That is exactly what it's like to start your own business: terrifying, surprising, and exciting all at once! Get ready to strap on your seat belt; it's going to be a wild ride.
Creating your own company later in life can be considered an "encore career." This usually happens when you decide that what you are doing isn't fulfilling anymore and you step into your calling and follow your heart. I took this leap when I left my stable six-figure salary, amazing benefits and perks at my movie studio job when I was 33 years old. I was both pushed out by the pain of selling horror movies and pulled by the pleasure of inspiring the masses with uplifting videos and coaching people to live lives that rock . I haven't looked back since because the invisible bridge appeared for me, too.
I have learned a lot on my journey and people often ask me for tips on how to start a business. Here are three of my favorites if you are thinking about getting in line to ride the "encore career" roller coaster.
1. Create a vision & roadmap while trusting the invisible bridge
A business plan is important when you start a business, but even more important is a clear, descriptive vision. Written out in "I am/We Are" language, paint a clear picture of the type of life you want to live. Envision your life and business with all your senses--what are you saying, doing, wearing, working, making, and creating in the future? Dream big, but make sure it's mostly believable and achievable.
Then a roadmap needs to be created which is like planning a trip. You can't control for the weather, but you can decide where you want to stop along the way. Knowing what your benchmarks are for success (i.e. traffic on your website, number of clients, revenue generated, etc.) will help you to keep yourself moving forward in the right direction and staying on track.  Remember that a roller coaster has a start and finish but some exciting twists and turns along the way. So be flexible and adaptable as your vision will possibly change and you'll need to pivot. Know where you want to go and trust that the invisible bridge will take you there one baby step at a time.
2. Believe in yourself no matter what
Self-esteem and confidence are like the gas that powers the roller coaster ride of your "encore career." Your "can-do" and "never give up" attitude is crucial. You will inevitably doubt yourself from time to time, but don't ever let this bring you down. If you have a rough day, relax and hit the re-set button the next day. The most important thing is that you have a burning desire to keep moving forward. Your own inner cheerleader and wise, supportive voice (I call this your "Conscious Rockstar" ) will become your best friend on your journey as she believes in you even when you don't. People may tell you that you can't but please don't listen to their judgments. You create your own success in life!
3. Surround yourself with support stars
Riding a roller coaster is much more fun when you are seated next to someone that enjoys it as much as you do. Having a support system (I call them "support stars") is crucial to your success. Find a mastermind group, life/career coach, mentor, and "accountabilabuddy" to share your vision with and let them help you make your dreams a reality. You are worthy of receiving support whether it's from your spouse, friends, animal companion, team or advisers. Most people acknowledge that starting a new venture requires a village. Synergy means that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts and the best companies are founded on a synergistic culture that works for the greatest good of all concerned.
A clear vision that is fueled by your belief in yourself and the support of your loved ones will not fail. You may make many mistakes, but you will achieve success with consistent inspired action. As Henry David Thoreau said, "Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life that YOU have imagined."
This article was prepared for MPTF's "Deal With It" conference for women and I was a speaker on a panel called "Encore Careers."
Photo credit: MPTF
Follow Kate Neligan on Twitter: www.twitter.com/SynergyTVNet
More:

When lender is Wonga no longerWhen lender is Wonga no longer, moral ambiguity will relocate
By Jonathan Guthrie
Payday lender’s name may go – but only after it has achieved respectability
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/13b1e766-4a1c-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gone Girl  film review© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/720b7956-4a23-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mutual Funds Buy Shares Worth Over Rs. 4 000 Crore in SeptemberYou are here: Home Market
Mutual Funds Buy Shares Worth Over Rs 4,000 Crore in September
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 03, 2014 13:49 (IST)
Reliance Cap, Max India Gain on Higher FDI Proposal
New Delhi:
Improved market sentiment helped mutual funds pick up shares worth more than Rs 4,000 crore in September, making it the fifth consecutive monthly inflow.
Besides, they pumped in a staggering over Rs 23,000 crore in the debt market during the period.
The inflow in equities during the month followed net investment of close to Rs 6,000 crore in August, Rs 5,000 crore in July, Rs 3,340 crore in June and Rs 105 crore in May.
Prior to that, fund houses have been net sellers in the equity market since September last year, while they were net buyers of shares to the tune of Rs 1,607 crore in August 2013.
As per the latest data compiled by market regulator Sebi, Mutual Funds (MFs) purchased shares worth Rs 4,171 crore last month.
Industry experts attributed the inflows in equities to improvement in market sentiments, primarily due to the new government's reforms agenda.
Besides, retail participation in equity schemes has increased significantly in the last few months.
"The money in equities has been coming in the past few months and mostly in the second half of May after the General Election results," said a market expert.
Mutual funds collect money from investors and buy stocks, including IPOs (primary market) and bonds.
In the first eight months of 2014, MFs purchased shares worth over Rs 8,000 crore, while they pumped in a staggering Rs 4.6 lakh crore in the debt market.
MFs offloaded shares worth Rs 14,208 crore last fiscal, lower than Rs 22,749 crore offloaded in 2012-13.
The financial year ended March 31, 2014 also marked the fifth consecutive year of net outflows by mutual funds in the equities after pumping in a net amount of Rs 6,985 crore in the share market in 2008-09.
Story first published on: October 03, 2014 13:45 (IST)

Cold front delivers showers today into Saturday  then much cooler airBy A. Camden Walker October 3
Today’s Daily Digit
A somewhat subjective rating of the day’s weather, on a scale of 1 to 10.
4
Clammy but could be worse than spotty drizzle/showers. Luckily our main rain chance is late p.m.
Express Forecast
Today: Very cloudy, clammy. Showers possible. Highs: Low-to-mid 70s.
Tonight: Showers and some rumbles probable. Lows: Upper 50s to mid-60s.
Tomorrow: Windy, showers. Slowly clearing. Highs: Around 70 to Mid-70s.
Sunday: Autumnal splendor. Highs: 60 to mid-60s.
FORECAST IN DETAIL
A cold front approaches. We have some clouds and rain — yes, some wind as well — to contend with when making plans this weekend. Still, any rain is welcome in our region after a mighty dry September . Skies begin to clear and grounds begin to dry later tomorrow, but it is accompanied by some gusty winds. Sunday may be sunny yet we’ll notice the autumnal air. Can we skip ahead to Monday? Because that could be our best day of the next several!
Radar & lightning: Latest regional radar shows movement of precipitation and lightning strikes over past two hours. Refresh page to update. Click here or on image to enlarge. Or see radar bigger on our Weather Wall .
Today (Friday): Am I the bearer of bad news? We could be very cloudy and overcast for much–if not all–of the day. At least patchy fog and low clouds of the morning may give way for a time before clouds thicken more and a shower risk arrives. We’re probably pretty dry through late afternoon or early evening, as chances increase from 20% to about 35% from noon to 5 p.m. Playoff game bound? See NatCast for details. Despite heavy cloud cover, high temperatures should still make the low-to-mid 70s for much of the region, by late afternoon. Southeasterly breezes at 5-10 mph bring in just a bit extra moisture (and mugginess) from the ocean and southern bay. Confidence : Medium
Tonight: Here comes our strong cold front. Southeasterly breezes hover, more sustained, around 10 mph, with a few gusts near 20 mph possible. Continued cloudy skies have a higher (55-65% chance) at producing showers and maybe even a few thunderstorms. Late evening to early morning hours may be the wettest. If we are lucky, we should get almost a quarter inch of rain, with the potential for more in scattered spots. Note that severe weather still looks unlikely. As rain fizzles a bit just prior to dawn, low temperatures should bottom out in the upper 50s in the coolest suburbs to mid-60s downtown. Confidence: Medium
For related traffic news, check out Dr. Gridlock . Keep reading for the forecast through the weekend…
Tomorrow (Saturday): It could be a bit windy! Behind the cold front, westerly winds hover around 15 mph with gusts to 25 mph or so. Yes we may still have to also with some clouds and some light showers (30% chance), but slowly skies should clear and showers should wane–especially by early afternoon. By late afternoon, we should have briefly touched a high temperature around 70 to mid-70s, and readings are likely to fall off even before sunset. These nearly due-west winds should keep us a few degrees warmer than we otherwise would be though behind a cold front, thanks to a subtle downsloping effect off of the Appalachians. Confidence: Medium-High
Tomorrow night: We could still have a few clouds around and perhaps a slight 10-20% chance of an evening shower right around sunset. But skies clear almost fully as the night wears on, allowing us to drop quickly into and through the 50s during the evening.  Gusty 15-20 mph westerly winds of the afternoon into evening trend much calmer after sunset, and maybe even totally calm by dawn. This could give our region quite a range in temperatures as ambient heat is allowed to escape easily into the higher atmosphere. Outlying areas could see some mid-30s (no widespread frost currently expected) to mid-40s, downtown. Bundle up? Confidence: Medium-High
Sunday: It’s definitely cooler, but also beautifully autumnal. Clear skies dominate so you should definitely be able to warm yourself in the sun. We just won’t be used to this type of air mass quite yet. By the afternoon, we should still be able to get to at least 60, if not a bit higher in the immediate area or south and east. The air is somewhat crisp and pleasantly dry. Note that even if we do have a slight breeze, it may be out of the northwest–a cooler direction of wind, even when compared with a wind out of the westerly direction. Confidence: Medium-High
The view from the Washington Monument on Thursday. ( EarthCam )
A LOOK AHEAD
Sunday night: We have some crisp, clear skies to enjoy. Be sure to look up and see the nearly full moon. It should be in the eastern sky. But do get out early in the evening, as temperatures will drop quickly to pre-dawn lows around 40 outside the Beltway, to perhaps around 50 downtown. Confidence: Medium
Monday may, seriously, be hard to top. Nice Day Stamp material? Perfect score for the Daily Digit? High temperatures in the upper 60s to low 70s appear likely. Sunny skies should give us a good dose of vitamin D3 as well. As we get deeper into the cool season an extra little bit of sunshine isn’t necessarily a terrible thing, thanks to a lower sun angle! Confidence: Medium
Tuesday’s when shower chances really might return again. We have periodic clouds and a 25-35% chance of seeing some drops. Nothing too heavy as it appears now, but stay tuned. High temperatures may still manage to get into pleasant low-to-mid 70s, if that is any consolation. Confidence: Low-Medium

Wonkbook: The policy implications of Americas Ebola responseComments
By Puneet Kollipara October 3
Welcome to Wonkbook, Wonkblog’s morning policy news primer by Puneet Kollipara ( @pkollipara ). To subscribe by e-mail, click  here . Send comments, criticism or ideas to Wonkbook at Washpost dot com. To read more by the Wonkblog team, click  here . Follow us on Twitter and Facebook .
Dr. Edward Goodman, epidemiologist at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas, speaks about the nature and treatment of the Ebola virus during a news conference on Oct. 1. (AP Photo/LM Otero)
Wonkbook’s Number of the Day: 2,610. That's the number of hospitals penalized under the Affordable Care Act for excessive readmissions , a new record.
Wonkbook’s Chart of the Day:  Mapping the marriage market for young adults.
Wonkbook's Top 4 Stories: (1) Side effects in the Ebola response; (2) Happy Jobs Friday!; (3) the Supreme Court's fresh docket; (4) the close linkage between birth control policy and abortions.
1. Top story: Some side effects in the Ebola response
As many as 100 people are being screened for Ebola in US... "The number of people in Texas who are being screened for potential exposure to Ebola expanded Thursday to roughly 100, as health officials cast a wide net to try to prevent the one confirmed case of the disease from sparking an outbreak....The 100 people being screened represent a 'very wide net,' including some who possibly had brief encounters with Mr. Duncan, Texas health officials said. They added that the number is likely to drop as they narrow the list to those actually at potential risk of infection." Ana Campoy, Drew Hinshaw and Dan Frosch in The Wall Street Journal .
Timeline: An overview of the Ebola outbreak. Sarah Ferris in The Hill .
...but that doesn't mean they all came into direct contact. "It takes direct contact with bodily fluids to transmit Ebola....Direct contact means that the fluids splash or spray into someone else’s mouth, eyes or nose, or enter the bloodstream through cuts or breaks in the skin. People can also contract the disease by touching infected fluids and then touching their eyes or mouth. The virus does not spread through the air, unlike measles or chickenpox. And Ebola does not invade healthy skin, so merely touching secretions does not mean an infection will follow. But washing hands or using an alcohol-based hand sanitizer is essential after any potential contact, to avoid spreading the virus to other people or to one’s own eyes or mouth." Denise Grady in  The New York Times .
The epidemiological math that shows how Ebola isn't as contagious as other diseases. "It boils down to something called 'R0.' The reproduction number, or 'R nought,' is a mathematical term that tells you how contagious an infectious disease is. Specifically, it's the number of people who catch the disease from one sick person, on average, in an outbreak.* Take, for example, measles. The virus is one of the most contagious diseases known to man. It's R0 sits around 18....At the other end of the spectrum are viruses like HIV and hepatitis C...between 2 and 4. They're still big problems, but they spread much more slowly than the measles. And that brings us back to Ebola. Despite its nasty reputation, the virus's R0 really isn't that impressive. It typically sits around 1.5 to 2.0." Michaeleen Doucleff in NPR .
The number of people being monitored for symptoms of Ebola in the U.S. is growing. Here's how the virus spreads and how contact tracing works to stop outbreaks. (Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post)
Children in Dallas schools aren't likely to pass along Ebola. "None of the children have symptoms, and the chances that they passed the virus to other people at the school are extremely low, health officials said. Even when people are infected with Ebola, they are not contagious until they get develop symptoms. And even then, the virus can be transmitted only through bodily fluids and close physical contact. Still, some parents decided to keep their children home Wednesday, according to news reports, while many others warily accepted the reassurances of public health officials — even if they planned their own improvised protective measures." Manny Fernandez, Kevin Sack and Marc Santora in  The New York Times .
One complication of the U.S. case: Disposing of Ebola waste at the hospital... "It's a confusing issue for state health officials, hospitals and companies charged with hauling medical waste, because federal regulations on the process contradict each other. That's why advocates for emergency preparedness are urging Texas health officials to ensure that the Dallas hospital has its own waste sterilizer on site....This step would help the hospital maintain safety while federal health and transportation officials work to reconcile the rules, advocates said. In their current form, regulations order hospitals to discard Ebola waste like any other biohazard while effectively preventing waste management companies from transporting the materials. This leaves doctors and hospital executives in a bind. " Elise Viebeck in  The Hill .
...and at home — a job that no one wants to do. "Towels and sweat-ridden bedclothes remained for two days in the Dallas apartment where an undiagnosed Ebola sufferer — Liberian citizen Thomas Eric Duncan — was staying because health officials in Texas struggled to find a waste management company willing to accept them....A company with experience of dealing with medical waste was finally due to clean the apartment on Thursday afternoon, but only after the patient’s girlfriend told CNN that the materials had not been disposed of." Tom Dart and Lauren Gambino in The Guardian .
Also, in Liberia, U.S. treatment centers still long way off. "The beds for the first field hospital, flown in by the military from Kelly Air Force Base near San Antonio, remained in a hangar at Liberia’s main international airport, wrapped in plastic alongside the tents, generators and the medical equipment needed to set up the facility. Military planners say it will probably be another 10 days before even this first 25-bed treatment center is up and running. And that unit is meant to be used solely by health care workers who become infected — not for the hundreds of new Ebola cases that have sprung up in this country in recent weeks. They will have to be served by the other 17 centers further back in the pipeline." Helene Cooper in  The New York Times .
Public service announcement: How to help in efforts to stem Ebola's tide. The New York Times .
And Dallas-area Africans confront Ebola taunts and fears. "In the days since a West African man traveled to the Dallas area, fell ill and eventually tested positive for the deadly Ebola virus, Carolyn Woahloe and other Liberians have heard the taunts....'Go back to Liberia.' Woahloe, a registered nurse, gathered recently with Liberian community leaders to spread the word: Please don't blame Liberians....The anxiety has spread even to local Liberians themselves. Even though many have Ebola-infected relatives or friends back in West Africa, until now the fear of infection was a continent away. Now many are afraid to come to church for fear of contracting the disease." John M. Glionna and Molly Hennessy-Fiske in the Los Angeles Times .
Yet another side effect: Ebola is disrupting oil drilling for Exxon. "Exxon Mobil Corp has seen some of its oil and gas activities in West Africa disrupted by the Ebola outbreak, including plans to drill offshore Liberia, the company's chief executive officer said on Thursday. Exxon, the world's largest publicly traded oil company which has operations in Nigeria and Liberia, is prohibiting some employees from traveling to the countries directly affected by the disease, and is taking precautionary measures related to workers' families, executive said." Anna Driver in Reuters .
Chart: On the other hand, Malaysia’s rubber-glove industry could see profits in the Ebola outbreak. Ylan Q. Mui in The Washington Post .
Meanwhile, the politicking over Ebola has picked up. "Airline passengers arriving in the U.S. from West African nations gripped by an outbreak of Ebola are only getting a fact sheet about the deadly disease. What they don’t get are detailed questions from agents at the U.S. airport to determine if they had contact with an Ebola victim or specific screening to see if they have a high fever or other signs of the disease....Lawmakers are urging more aggressive action and some said they would convene hearings. Senator Rob Portman, an Ohio Republican, renewed a call for the U.S. to check travelers for Ebola symptoms." Mark Drajem in  Bloomberg .
Related: Ebola turns into political fight. Sarah Ferris in The Hill .
Yes, the Ebola patient flew through two U.S. airports. No, you still shouldn’t worry.. "Airplanes are not exactly the cleanest of places ....That has resulted in fearful reporting like this, which frantically tracked all of the cities where these planes have gone....They went to San Francisco! And Chicago! And Los Angeles! They’re right behind you, watching you read this post. In reality, though, officials continue to say that there is no danger posed by these flights or by Duncan’s presence in the airports. Here’s why: Duncan, who was diagnosed with Ebola on Tuesday, arrived in the country on Sept. 20. He did not start showing any symptoms until four days later....And Ebola is contagious only when the person is experiencing active symptoms." Mark Berman in  The Washington Post .
Video: Jon Stewart has a message for TV media: Stop trying to scare people about Ebola. Reena Flores in National Journal .
Nigeria may have beaten its Ebola outbreak back. "It's a rare upbeat Ebola story: Nigeria, the most populous country in Africa, may have contained its outbreak after only 19 confirmed cases and seven related deaths. The outbreak began in July. But the country hasn't seen a new case since Aug. 31....A region or country is considered Ebola-free after 42 days without any new cases. That means Nigeria can formally declare success on Oct. 12, which would truly be cause for celebration." Linda Poon in NPR .
A Liberian doctor is using HIV drugs to treat Ebola victims. Don't get excited just yet, though. "Gorbee Logan, a doctor in rural Liberia, has given at least 15 Ebola patients lamivudine....All but two of them survived, Logan told CNN last week. Since that interview, Logan has been in contact with Anthony S. Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, about the treatment....Fauci said National Institutes of Health researchers have tested lamivudine's reaction to Ebola in test tubes. There was no response; but Fauci said researchers will adjust some levels and try it again 'to see if there's even slight activity against Ebola.'" Elahe Izadi in  The Washington Post .
GAWANDE: The Dallas wake-up call shows we can stop Ebola. "With the announcement of the Dallas case, hospitals across the country are now scrambling to get their procedures in place. Doctors’ offices should do so, too. They need to download the C.D.C.’s checklists. And they need to do what other high-risk professions have done for years and train people immediately in 'closed-loop communication' — confirming verbally that critical information has been received and understood. The diagnosis of the first U.S. case is not the sign that we need to shut patients out. It’s the sign that we need to bring more help in. The Ebola epidemic is stoppable." Atul Gawande in  The New Yorker .
SZABO: Ebola risks in perspective. "Is it possible that we will see more cases of Ebola, either in contacts of the Dallas patient or in additional travelers who fly here from abroad? Yes. But the USA has safely treated five people with Ebola-like viruses without any mass outbreak. These deadly viruses were here, in the USA, unbeknownst to most of us, and we all survived just fine....The Ebola epidemic is heartbreaking. I've covered it for months, hoping that my stories will move people to help. Many reputable charities have been on the scene in West Africa since the first days of the outbreak in March. Americans who are concerned about Ebola should consider making a donation. People might also want to consider protecting themselves from diseases that pose far greater risks in the USA. Half of Americans skip the flu shot, even though influenza kills up to 49,000 Americans a year." Liz Szabo in USA Today .
Top opinion
SLAUGHTER: The free-trade way to job growth. "America needs more high-wage jobs—and in a report being released Thursday I explain why such jobs are often connected to international trade. Pro-trade policies could create 10 million new high-paying trade-connected jobs in the U.S. over the next decade. Research by Andrew B. Bernard at Dartmouth and J. Bradford Jensen at Georgetown, as well as my own, has long documented that workers at globally engaged companies tend to earn more than workers at purely domestic companies: about 15%-20% more in companies that export or import, and about 25%-30% more in multinationals. At least in manufacturing, trade also boosts incomes progressively." Matthew J. Slaughter in  The Wall Street Journal .
ISAAC AND PINTO: Creating more homeowners without building a crisis. "Sales of existing homes in August were down 5.3% year-over-year. The housing lobby says credit is too tight. The commissioner of the Federal Housing Administration and the director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency (regulator of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac ) have called for lenders to further loosen lending standards. While the housing market needs a shot in the arm, the financial crisis in 2008 taught us the extreme danger that loose lending standards—poor underwriting, risky loans and government-backed credit expansion — pose to homeowners and the economy. We think there is another way." William M. Isaac and Edward Pinto in  The Wall Street Journal .
WEISSMANN: Why can't states do more to protect patients from surprise medical bill? "In a sane health care system, this wouldn’t happen. But in the U.S., it can and does. Americans regularly visit doctors’ practices and hospitals that accept their insurance, only to find themselves ambushed by surprise medical bills from out-of-network physicians who somehow played a role in their treatment, as Elisabeth Rosenthal’s recent reporting in the New York Times has detailed. It happens in operating rooms and emergency rooms. And there’s not much that patients can do about it. But can’t lawmakers do something about it?" Jordan Weissmann in Slate .
YGLESIAS: Inequality really is rising. "The bottom line is that while there is lots of room for arguing about the details of data selection, the conclusion that inequality is growing is not an eccentric discovery made by two French economists working with a particular source of income data. The broad trend is clear from a diverse set of data. Median household income growth has badly lagged per capita GDP growth, corporate profits as a share of national income have risen, and stock markets have reached record highs....If you think that America is slipping into a doom loop of oligarchy then naturally you will want to dramatize the trend. Tcherneva's chart does that very well, which is exactly why it's so controversial." Matthew Yglesias in  Vox .
BLOOMBERG VIEW: Doubt climate change? Then support a carbon tax. A series of editorials. The Editors .
GoPro interlude:  How people really use their GoPros .
2. Happy Jobs Friday!
5 mysteries of the job market waiting to be solved. "How many people who have stopped looking for work — or never started — will start looking if the economy improves further?...What's happened to 3.8 million people who had been unemployed for over six months but no longer are?...What does it mean that so many people — 7.3 million — who want full-time jobs can find only part-time work?...Companies are advertising lots more jobs. So why aren't they filling more of them?...Why has job growth fallen for women?" Christopher S. Rugaber in the Associated Press .
Survey: Upward trek in job creation continued in September. Justin McCarthy in  Gallup .
Explainer: A guide to Jobs Friday. Lorraine Woellert in Bloomberg .
Something else worth keeping an eye on: wages. "Federal Reserve officials have said they believe wages will steadily rise as the labor market firms up and returns to 'normal.' Other data suggest that might be happening — hires and job openings are climbing....One reason for tepid wage growth is the mix of jobs being added during the recovery — many are temp jobs or in lower-paying sectors such as retail and leisure and hospitality. A pickup in other sectors such as construction and manufacturing could hint at sturdier underlying growth in the economy. Manufacturing employment was unchanged in August, and Wednesday’s report from the industry’s Institute for Supply Management suggested job creation in the sector slowed considerably last month." Josh Mitchell in  The Wall Street Journal .
Looking ahead: Jobless claims down unexpectedly. "The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits unexpectedly fell last week, a sign the labor market may be tightening. Still, other data on Thursday showed weaker factory orders in August even after stripping out volatile transportation figures....The claims data will have no bearing on Friday's government report on monthly employment during September because the hiring survey was conducted earlier in the month....A separate report from the Commerce Department showed new orders for U.S. factory goods posted their biggest decline on record in August, although the 10.1 percent drop was payback for an aircraft-driven jump a month earlier." Jason Lange in  Reuters .
Mark your calendars: Lew, Lagarde, Videgaray will debate America's economic outlook on Wednesday, Oct. 8. Matthew Bristow in Bloomberg .
Consumer confidence down to four-month low. "The Bloomberg Consumer Comfort Index declined to 34.8 in the period ended Sept. 28, the lowest reading since May 25, from 35.5. Views of the economy were also the weakest in four months, and the personal finances gauge dropped to its lowest reading since early August. The recent setback in sentiment has been concentrated among lower-income households, underscoring the need for faster wage gains as the labor market recovers. Last week’s drop in confidence capped the strongest quarter since the recession, indicating consumers see halting progress in the economy." Danielle Trubow in  Bloomberg .
Does unemployment hurt society more than modest inflation? "Unemployment is much more damaging to society than moderate levels of inflation, making central bankers’ disproportionate focus on the level of consumer price growth misguided, a former Bank of England rate-setter now at Dartmouth College writes in a new paper. Along with three co-authors, David Blanchflower, known for his view that policy makers should make aggressive efforts to bring down unemployment, tries an unusual statistical tack for macroeconomist — he tries to break down happiness surveys of European individuals to see just how deeply, and differently, they are affected by unemployment and inflation, respectively." Pedro Nicolaci da Costa in  The Wall Street Journal .
As Fed ratchets back stimulus, other central banks ratchet up theirs — at expense of Americans. "The Obama administration and the Federal Reserve have watched quietly in recent years as foreign governments and central banks have chipped away at the dollar value of their currencies, strengthening their export industries in the hope of stimulating their economies. The trend is likely to intensify over the next year as the Fed retreats from its own stimulus campaign while the European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan expand their efforts. Mario Draghi, the head of the European Central Bank, said on Thursday that it would begin a new round of bond purchases this month." Binyamin Appelbaum, Jack Ewing and Neil Gough in The New York Times .
Fed to release new labor-market gauge. "The LCMI is a composite that draws on 19 indicators, from broad measures like the unemployment rate itself to narrower indicators like surveys of business hiring plans. The aim is to produce a single measure to gauge whether labor markets are on the whole improving or not....Much of the recent debate at the Fed has centered around whether single indicators...give an accurate picture of the state of the labor market. Though the unemployment rate has been falling, for example, wages have remained fairly stagnant, leaving many officials at the U.S. central bank convinced that labor markets remain slack." Howard Schneider in Reuters .
Workers in part-time limbo point to slack. "Forty-nine percent of people working less than 35 hours a week in 2012 and desiring full-time work were able to find such a position within a year, according to research by the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta. That’s down from 61 percent in 2006. In addition, the almost 3 million Americans unemployed for at least 27 weeks are more likely to accept part-time jobs than counterparts out of work for shorter periods, according to a Chicago Fed paper. That means underemployment, a hallmark of the slow and uneven recovery from the recession, won’t quickly dissipate, backing policy makers such as New York Fed President William C. Dudley who counsel patience in removing stimulus." Jeanna Smialek in Bloomberg .
Other economic/financial reads:
Falling energy prices point to weakening global economy. Henning Gloystein in Reuters .
"Earnings stripping": The next tax-dodging strategy in Obama's crosshairs? Emily Stephenson in Reuters .
Millennials don't like big banks. That could disrupt the financial world. Nancy Cook in National Journal .
Romantic interlude:  A long-distance surprise marriage proposal .
3. Supreme Court starts to load up its docket for a new term
No same-sex marriage case for now, but SCOTUS takes up hot-button housing and discrimination cases... "The Supreme Court granted 11 new cases for review Thursday, agreeing to rule on controversial topics such as housing discrimination, religious freedom, child abuse, immigration, congressional redistricting and campaign fund-raising by judicial candidates. While they delayed any decision on same-sex marriage, the justices filled out their docket through January and into February with civil rights cases and others likely to command attention." Richard Wolf in  USA Today .
The housing case could be a biggie. "The justices today said they will hear an appeal from Texas officials sued under the U.S. Fair Housing Act over tax credits for low-income building projects. The question is whether people can sue by showing a practice had a 'disparate impact' on racial minorities, or whether they must meet a higher standard by proving intentional bias. The court will consider jettisoning the disparate-impact theory, which has helped the Obama administration get hundreds of millions of dollars in fair-lending settlements....The court has twice before granted review on the issue, only to have settlements scuttle the case. President Barack Obama’s administration and civil rights advocates have sought to steer the issue away from the Supreme Court." Greg Stohr in Bloomberg .
Long read: How SCOTUS could scuttle fair-housing rule. Nikole Hannah-Jones in ProPublica .
...and plenty of touchy political matters. "The court agreed Thursday to decide whether state legislatures can be removed from the process of drawing congressional lines, as was done by voter initiative in Arizona . Republicans there want that power back. Already scheduled for oral argument in November is another case in which Democrats and black state legislators in Alabama claim the GOP-controlled Legislature drew district lines that intentionally packed African Americans into some districts, so others would be more accommodating to Republicans. Both of those cases came to the court on direct appeal, rather than through the normal petition process — meaning the justices had little choice but to get involved." Richard Wolf in  USA Today .
One such touchy matter that some want court to review now: Wisconsin voter ID. "Opponents of Wisconsin's voter photo identification law asked the U.S. Supreme Court on Thursday to take emergency action and block the requirement ahead of the Nov. 4 election, arguing there isn't enough time to implement the new rules. The request comes less than five weeks before an election involving the closely watched race between Republican Gov. Scott Walker, who supports the law, and Democratic challenger Mary Burke. State elections officials have been scrambling to prepare since the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled last month that the law should be in effect while the court considers the latest legal challenge." Scott Bauer in the Associated Press .
After silence on same-sex marriage, now what? "So, after the silence on Thursday, the focus now turns to Monday. The new list of orders, mostly denials, will emerge first and, before the end of the day, the Court will indicate whether it is rescheduling the same-sex marriage cases for another look, at a private Conference set for next Friday morning. After that Conference, it is expected, any orders granting new cases probably will not be publicly announced until the following Tuesday, October 14 (after a federal holiday the day before). But, even after a second look, there would still be no guarantee that the Justices were ready to grant review." Lyle Denniston in SCOTUSblog .
Charts: Is support for gay marriage dropping? Don't count on it. Robert P. Jones and Daniel Cox in The Atlantic .
Why the court probably will take up same-sex marriage at some point. "Those who study the court and even the lawyers making the requests have said they expect that it could be weeks or months before the justices decide whether to hear the issue....If the court accepts the question, it has to then decide which of the cases provides the best vehicle for a decision....The justices could also simply let the appeals court decisions stand, although that is considered unlikely. The Supreme Court has not allowed marriages authorized by those rulings to take place, indicating justices want to have a say in the matter." Robert Barnes in  The Washington Post .
Helping hand interlude:  Elephant helps up baby elephant at the zoo .
4. The close linkage between birth-control policies and abortion
Want to reduce teen pregnancy and abortion? Start with long-term birth control. "Earlier this week, an influential pediatrics group offered a pretty significant new recommendation : that teenagers use long-acting contraceptives, like intrauterine devices and hormone implants, as the 'first line' of defense in preventing pregnancy pregnancy. And a new study released Wednesday night helps illustrate why the physicians group offered its endorsement. Teenage girls who were offered these types of contraceptives at no cost were significantly much more likely to use them, and they had substantially lower rates of pregnancy, birth and abortion when compared to U.S. teens, according to the study ." Jason Millman in The Washington Post .
Chart: Pregnancy, abortion rates drop with free birth control. Sarah Kliff in Vox .
Not all forms of birth control work the same. "The most effective choices turned out to be the hormone implant and the copper IUD, both of which had perfect records over a combined 690.6 teen-years of use. As for the others: The hormone-releasing IUD had 5.1 failures per 1,000 teen-years of use; The hormone injections resulted in 5.2 failures per 1,000 teen-years of use; The contraceptive ring produced 51.8 failures per 1,000 teen-years of use; Birth control pills resulted in 56.8 failures per 1,000 teen-years of use; and The transdermal patch had 60.8 failures per 1,000 teen-years of use." Karen Kaplan in the Los Angeles Times .
The policy angle: The ACA impact. "The Affordable Care Act, which generally guarantees coverage for all forms of contraception with no co-pay, makes providing teenagers with free, long-acting contraceptives more achievable, social policy experts said. But there are practical obstacles. Many pediatricians are not trained to insert implants or IUDs. Isabel Sawhill, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, noted that insurance provided low rates for counseling, which could affect some doctors’ willingness to spend time doing it. And the idea that doctors should recommend long-acting contraception to teenagers is almost certain to inflame the political and cultural debate." Pam Belluck in The New York Times .
Republicans face a contraception puzzle. "Republican candidates are hoping to do a better job of appealing to women voters....To make inroads, the party has tried out a variety of talking points. Recent calls for better access to contraceptives are not among the more convincing....It's not as simple as a change of heart: Gardner continues to cosponsor federal legislation that's very similar to the state legislation he's denounced....Republicans do truly appear to be doing something new in openly embracing certain forms of, and ways of accessing, contraception. Could it be they're open to some kind of grand bipartisan compromise? Dan Grossman, a doctor and spokesman with the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, isn't so sure." Lucia Graves in  National Journal .
Appeals court decision will close all but 7 abortion clinics in Texas. "The ruling by a three-judge panel of the U.S. 5th Circuit Court of Appeals stays a lower judge's ruling and allows Texas to put into effect restrictions that were part of its abortion law passed last year and pushed by Republican Gov. Rick Perry....The decision follows a ruling in August by U.S. District Judge Lee Yeakel that part of the Texas law requiring clinics to spend millions on hospital upgrades was aimed at making access to abortions more difficult rather than ensuring patient safety. Texas has appealed that decision." William M. Welch in  USA Today .
Related: Alabama law putting teens on trial for abortion fought. Andrew Harris in Bloomberg .
Why American babies die: Part of it stems from reporting differences. "New research, in a draft paper...offers up some clues. They note that the infant mortality gap between the U.S. and other wealthy nations has been persistent — and is poorly understood. One factor, according to the paper: 'Extremely preterm births recorded in some places may be considered a miscarriage or still birth in other countries. Since survival before 22 weeks or under 500 grams is very rare, categorizing these births as live births will inflate reported infant mortality rates (which are reported as a share of live births).' Oster and her colleagues found that this reporting difference accounts for up to 40 percent of the U.S. infant mortality disadvantage relative to Austria and Finland. This is somewhat heartening." Christopher Ingraham in The Washington Post .
Poverty is also killing American babies. "The US currently ranks 56th internationally when it comes to infant mortality. We're doing worse than just about every other rich country, and a bunch of non-rich ones too. Cuba, Poland, Bosnia, and Serbia are beating us, for example. Explanations for this vary*, and a new working paper by USC's Alice Chen, MIT's Heidi Williams, and University of Chicago's Emily Oster provides a nice overview of them. But the paper's most striking finding isn't about the precise causes of the mortality gap between the US and peer countries. It's about who bears the cost of that gap" Dylan Matthews in Vox .
Earlier this week: The recession's baby bust. "There’s a reason why 'boom times' and 'baby boom' both contain an onomatopoeic signifier of the procreative act. In developed countries, fertility rates tend to go up and down with GDP. What does that mean in real terms? A study published Monday in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences by Princeton researchers Janet Currie and Hannes Schwandt quantifies just how many fewer babies were born because of the Great Recession. Their answer: at least a half a million." Olga Khazan in The Atlantic .
Other health care reads:
Insurers poised to cancel health plans that don’t comply with Affordable Care Act. Julie Appleby in Kaiser Health News and The Washington Post .
Financial ties between doctors, health care firms revealed. Katie Thomas and Rachel Abrams in The New York Times .
Medicare fines record number of hospitals for excessive readmissions. Jordan Rau in Kaiser Health News and NPR .

John Lewis apologises for France commentsJohn Lewis apologises for France is ‘finished’ comments
By Claer Barrett in London and Hugh Carnegy in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/960951c4-4ace-11e4-839a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maharashtra polls: Harbour no grouse against Sonia Gandhi  says Sharad Pawar5
0
Pune: Nationalist Congress Party chief Sharad Pawar on Friday said that he had no grouse against Congress President Sonia Gandhi as she was not responsible for breaking the 15-year-old Congress-NCP alliance in Maharashtra.
"When I called on Sonia Gandhi to discuss fighting Maharashtra jointly she was positive about the proposal. It was decided to hold talks at the state level to sort out seat sharing issues," he told reporters here putting the blame at the doors of former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.
"I have no grouse against Sonia Gandhi. I found her undoubtedly positive about continuing the alliance. I have not even uttered the name of Rahul (Gandhi) in this regard," he said replying to questions.
When asked about the demand for a separate Vidarbha state, Pawar said, the NCP had always stood for an undivided Maharashtra.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra #sharad pawar #sonia gandhi
When asked about the demand for a separate Vidarbha state, Pawar said, the NCP had always stood for an undivided Maharashtra.
"The decision on separate statehood is not for political leaders to make. Blood was shed for creation of Maharashtra. I do not think people of Vidarbha are in favour of a separate state for themselves. However, if people of Vidrabha give a mandate in favour of separate statehood, we will honour it," NCP president added.
The BJP has supported creation of a separate state for Vidarbha which is opposed by Shiv Sena.
To a question regarding Shiv Sena led by Uddhav Thackeray, he said he had a good rapport with the late Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray but not with this present generation.
"It is a generation gap," he added.
4

Promotional offers from BSNL for festive seasonPromotional offers from BSNL for festive season
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 3:  
BSNL is undertaking a host of promotional offers for the ongoing festive season including reducing video calls rates to the level of voice charges and giving full talk time on top—up recharges.
The video call offer, which started from September 20, will be available for 90 days across the country.
“BSNL mobile customers will be able to enjoy excitement of video calls at voice call charges during current festive season. We have largest 3G coverage in the country which enables the best quality of voice and video calls,” BSNL Board Director (CM) Anupam Shrivastava said.
The video call charges would be reduced to voice call charges of the plan customers only, the company said.
However, reduced voice call charges through special tariff vouchers will not reduce voice call charges further.
BSNL said it is offering full talk value on top-up of Rs 100, Rs 150, Rs 250 and Rs 350 and extra talk value on top-up of Rs 550 (talk value Rs 575) and top-up Rs 750 (talk value Rs 790).
The company has also launched a data STV of Rs 231 wherein customers will get 1.2 GB of free usage. The STV has a validity of 30 days. Data will be charged 2 paisa per 10 KB after the free usage is over.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Continuing trouble for Air Indias Dreamliner fleetContinuing trouble for Air India’s Dreamliner fleet
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 3:  
Air India’s spate of trouble with its Dreamliner fleet continued on Friday as the airline was forced to cancel its Melbourne-Delhi flight and delay the departure of its Singapore-Chennai service by over six hours.
While the Melbourne-Delhi flight AI-301 had clogged toilets in the Boeing 787 Dreamliner and had to be grounded at the Australian city earlier today, the other aircraft of the same make, operating flight AI-347 developed technical trouble at Singapore and reached Chennai this evening, instead of its scheduled arrival time of 1050 hours, airline sources said.
Many passengers of the Melbourne flight were given hotel accommodation, while some others were put on alternate flights after the cancellation, they said.
The airline had to arrange a team of alternate crew members as the flight duty time limitation (FDTL) for those already on board had come to an end, the sources said.
The recurrent problems with the Dreamliners is understood to have figured in the one-on-on meeting Prime Minister Narendra Modi had with Boeing CEO W James McNerney on September 29 in Washington.
Air India Chairman Rohit Nandan was also in Washington during Modi’s meeting, after which McNerney told reporters that Boeing wanted to “accelerate engagement with India”.
The national carrier and the planemaker are negotiating a formula for compensation for grounding of the Dreamliners for almost four months last year over battery fires, loss of revenue due to recurrent technical problems and resultant adverse publicity to the airline, apart from the demand for initial deliveries not being as fuel-efficient as promised.
Today’s twin incidents involving the Dreamliners came in the wake of similar instances in the recent past, with a Boeing 787 returning to base here after almost three hours of flight to London on Thursday after problems with its air- conditioning system. Last week, another such aircraft developed a crack on the windshield while it was on ground.
Till June-end, there were 318 cases of delays in flights operated by the Dreamliners due to technical snags, according to official figures.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Magnitude 5.7 earthquake jolts central PhilippinesMagnitude 5.7 earthquake jolts central Philippines
PTI
Tweet
Manila, Oct 3:  
A magnitude 5.7 earthquake has jolted the central Philippines, sending workers out of their offices and causing cracks on a building’s wall. There are no immediate reports of casualties.
The Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology says the epicentre of today’s earthquake was Antique province’s Culasi municipality, 360 kilometres (224 miles) south of Manila.
John Paul Fallarme of the institute says field personnel reported cracks on the wall of a building in Culasi. Police say there are no immediate reports of damage in other areas.
Culasi police officer Richard Sombilon says officers and municipal employees ran out of their offices and gathered at a nearby plaza when the ground started shaking.
The Philippine archipelago lies in the Pacific “Ring of Fire,” where earthquakes and volcanic activities are common.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

NLC contract workers heldTweet
Cuddalore (TN), Oct 3:  
Hundreds of NLC contract workers, who are on strike for the past 31 days demanding regularisation of services, were today arrested along with their family members when they tried to picket the second lignite mines at Nevyeli here, police said.
Inspector V Venugopal said over 2,000 workers, including their family members, were arrested when they tried to picket the mines.
NLC Public Relations Officer Sridhar said the strike has not affected power generation. The output was maintained at 1610 mw today against full capacity of 2490 mw, he said.
The three units of 210 mw capacity in second thermal station and 250 mw of three units in the first station was under major overhaul, mandated periodically, he said.
The two units of 210 mw capacity will start generating power from tonight, he said, adding, lignite production from three lignite mines were reported as per target.
The workers are on indefinite strike to press their six point charter of demands, which include service regularisation, wage hike and bonus.
Six rounds of tripartite meetings held between trade unions and NLC management in the presence of the Central Labour Commissioner, have failed to break the deadlock.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Neyveli s Rs 4 910 cr Tuticorin project near...Neyveli Lignite Corporation's Rs 4,910 crore Tuticorin power project nearing completion
PTI Oct 3, 2014, 06.39PM IST
Tags:
B Surender Mohan
(The ignite miner plans to…)
NEW DELHI: State-run miner Neyveli Lignite's 1,000 MW thermal power plant at Tuticorin is in advanced stages of completion, a development that will help it achieve over 4,200 MW generation capacity.
"Implementation of a coal-based thermal power project of 1,000 MW capacity at Tuticorin through the subsidiary company NMDC Tamil Nadu Power Ltd , formed in joint venture with TANGEDCO, is in an advanced stage of completion," Neyveli Lignite Corporation (NLC) Chairman B Surender Mohan said.
The plant, which entailed an investment of Rs 4,910 crore, could achieve 86 per cent progress by August.
The ignite miner plans to take its installed power generation capacity to 4,240 MW by the end of the current fiscal, on the back of ongoing power projects.
It has an installed capacity of about 3,000 MW at present.
The Centre had earlier approved implementation of coal based 2x500 MW thermal power project at Tuticorin.
To meet the coal requirement, the company is also examining proposals from from Indonesia, Australia, Mozambique, the US and a few other countries offering coal assets and long-term fuel supplies among other things for its upcoming power projects.
NLC has plans for growth in power generation capacity. It is expanding activities in Neyveli and other parts. Its fuel needs are likely to shoot up to 10 MTPA once all these projects are commissioned.
It is already in the process of setting up two power projects in Tamil Nadu and Uttar Pradesh at an estimated cost of Rs 24,770 crore, to take its capacity to 11,195 MW.
In Tamil Nadu, it has plans to set up a 4,000 MW coal- based power plant near Thirumullaivasal village of Sirkali taluk, Nagapattinam district. In Uttar Pradesh, it will set up a 1,980 MW (3X660 MW) plant in Ghatampur in Kanpur Nagar district at an estimated cost of Rs 14,375.4 crore.
Besides, in Rajasthan, the company "has proposed setting up a thermal power plant of 250 MW capacity... at an aggregate estimated cost of Rs 2,298.83 crore.
Also, it has planned to set up another new power plant in Rajasthan with a capacity of 250 MW as an extension of the existing power plant there at an investment of Rs 2041.78 crore.
The 'Navratna' firm operates four mines with a total capacity 30.6 MTPA, and four thermal power stations of total capacity of about 3,000 MW.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Morning Plum: Rand Paul versus Ted Cruz on gay marriageBy Greg Sargent October 3 Follow @theplumlinegs
One of the most dispiriting storylines of the Obama era has been that Republicans have largely stood on the sidelines while a major cultural transformation has taken place: The country’s shift on gay rights. Republicans have either put up nominal resistance, or had nothing at all to say , as one change after another has come in rapid succession and majorities have come around on gay marriage. And yet you’d think the GOP cannot forever put off a real intra-party debate over whether the party will evolve culturally along with the rest of the country.
That’s why it’s potentially significant that Senator Rand Paul has now signaled an openness to accepting gay marriage, in an interview with CNN’s Peter Hamby :
“Society’s changing,” he said. “I mean, people change their minds all the time on this issue, and even within the Republican Party, there are people whose child turns out to be gay and they’re like, oh well maybe I want to rethink this issue. So it’s been rethought. The President’s rethought the issue. So I mean, a lot of people have rethought the issue.”
It sounded, for a moment, as if Paul was hinting that he, too, could change his thinking about marriage. “The bottom line is, I’m old fashioned, I’m a traditionalist,” he said. “I believe in old-fashioned traditional marriage. But, I don’t really think the government needs to be too involved with this, and I think that the Republican Party can have people on both sides of the issue.”
“You could rethink it at some point, too?” I asked him. He shrugged, and gave me a half-grimace.
So Rand Paul, like President Obama back in 2012, may be “evolving” on this issue. I don’t know how serious he is, but I hope he completes his evolution, because it would be worthwhile to see Republicans debate gay marriage in the 2016 presidential primary.
Could such a debate happen? Ross Douthat has offered a number of good reasons why it might not . Still, it seems at least possible. Ted Cruz has pretty much explicitly said he intends to use the 2016 primary to launch a last ditch cultural rearguard action, a last stand of sorts, in defense of “traditional marriage,” which is “under assault.” Meanwhile, Ohio Senator Rob Portman has said he is considering a run for president, and has pointedly noted the party must embrace gay marriage to be competitive among “the voters of tomorrow” in national elections. So you can see the bare outlines of this debate emerging. Perhaps Senator Paul will join the argument in time for 2016.
The backdrop to this is the larger refusal of the GOP to evolve on this issue, even though many Republicans know it is a crucial component of any serious effort to keep pace with the country’s cultural and demographic shifts. Take, for instance, RNC chair Reince Priebus. After the 2012 loss, the RNC released an autopsy into what went wrong , concluding that the party must become more “welcoming and inclusive” on gay rights, because “for many younger voters, these issues are a gateway into whether the party is a place they want to be.” Since then, however, that advice has gone ignored. And yesterday, when Priebus rolled out his latest version of the GOP “rebrand,” his speech didn’t even mention gay rights .
Speaking of that 2012 autopsy, it also said the party must evolve on immigration, or risk seeing the GOP’s appeal “shrink to its core constituencies only.” And yet, as Ed Kilgore notes , Priebus’ latest rebrand suggested the GOP has abandoned real immigration reform. At some point, you’d think a real debate will have to take place — on multiple fronts — over whether the party is genuinely going to broaden its appeal beyond “core constituencies” and become more “welcoming and inclusive.”
 * A GOOD JOBS REPORT: The latest monthly jobs numbers defy expectations:
Total nonfarm payroll employment increased by 248,000 in September, and the unemployment rate declined to 5.9 percent…the change in total nonfarm payroll employment for July was revised from +212,000 to +243,000, and the change for August was revised from +142,000 to +180,000. With these revisions, employment gains in July and August combined were 69,000 more than previously reported.
Those upward revisions, and the fact that unemployment has dropped below six percent, are heartening. Still, it doesn’t seem likely that all this will impact the Senate outcome all that much, since perceptions of the economy may well be baked in already.
 * OBAMA VOWS ACTION ON IMMIGRATION: In a speech to the Congressional Hispanic Caucus last night, the President promised that he would act to curb deportations between the election and the end of the year, saying :
“I am not going to give up this fight until it gets done. I know the pain of families torn apart because we live with a system that’s broken….Fixing our broken immigration system is one more, big thing that we have to do and that we will do.”
There’s been a lot of chatter about how Obama’s delay is costing Dems among Latinos. But if he does something reasonably ambitious after the election, it will restore the dynamic in which the GOP is the party with the major problem on this issue , one with important ramifications for 2016.
 * WHY GREG ORMAN MIGHT WIN: Gallup breaks down the Kansas electorate and finds that it isn’t quite as conservative as many think, which could help independent Greg Orman defeat GOP Senator Pat Roberts. There are significantly more Republicans than Democrats. But:
Nearly as many Kansans describe their ideology as moderate (36%) as they do conservative (38%)….The percentage of Kansas moderates is on par with the national figure, but higher than in other conservative-leaning states with key Senate elections this year….the state is not as conservative as other ruby-red states. Of the 10 states with the highest proportion of the population identifying with or leaning toward the GOP, Kansas has the lowest share of the population describing their political views as conservative. In other words, there is reason to believe a candidate stressing a moderate platform could be successful.
Republicans have sought to paint Orman as an Obama-Reid stooge, but he has countered by painting such efforts as more of the same partisan sniping, to reinforce his preferred frame of the race, i.e., that both parties are the problem.
* WHY JONI ERNST MAY BE LEADING: Matea Gold has a nice piece looking at Bruce Braley’s efforts to endear himself to Iowans, after a relentless GOP effort to paint him as a supercilious and overbearing Washington trial lawyer , based partly on nonsense about chickens. Note this detail:
Ernst and her allies have had an advantage on the airwaves in recent weeks, according to a report by the Wesleyan Media Project.
If this is right, it may help explain recent polls showing Ernst leading . What to watch for: If Dems can reach parity on the airwaves, and if so, whether polls show the race as a dead heat, as Dems believe it is.
* WHY KAY HAGAN MAY SURVIVE: With Senator Kay Hagan maintaining a small but durable lead over GOP challenger Thom Tillis, Democrats are planning a surprisingly large barrage of TV ad spending in the final stretch to ensure that she survives :
According to sources tracking the air war, the pro-Democratic Senate Majority PAC plans to spend about $14 million on ads on behalf of Hagan through Election Day. EMILY’s List and Planned Parenthood have each committed $3 million on ads and get-out-the-vote efforts. The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee is putting in an additional $9.6 million on ads, and Hagan’s campaign alone plans to spend at least $11.2 million on the airwaves, with the majority of ads focused on cuts to public education during Tillis’ tenure as speaker.
That adds up to around $37 million dollars, another factor that makes it more likely Dems will hold North Carolina. It’s looking increasingly like the real trouble spots for Dems when it comes to holding purple states are Colorado and Iowa.
* MICHIGAN SENATE RACE SLIPS OFF GOP MAP: Three new polls show Dem Gary Peters with a sizable lead over GOPer Terri Lynn Land, and The Upshot’s Harry Enten declares that it’s time to admit the race is very close to over :
What’s causing Land’s collapse? It’s likely a combination of the natural political tilt of the state and the candidate herself. Michigan is the bluest state among 2014’s battlegrounds….She has run a terrible campaign. She has dodged debates with Peters — a curious move for a candidate who has been behind. Land has aired questionable advertisements….Michigan can’t be considered competitive anymore. Land likely needs either a major shift in the national environment or a major gaffe by Peters to get back in the race.
If Peters wins, this will be a real bright spot: It’s race in which the Democrat is making climate change an issue that mattered and may have turned the Koch brothers’ support for the Republican into a liability .
* A SLEEPER ISSUE THAT COULD DIVIDE DEMOCRATS: Alex Seitz-Wald has an interesting look at how the technique of hydraulic fracturing to extract oil and gas, or fracking, could emerge as a key issue that divides Democrats in the 2016 presidential primary , with progressive groups pushing Dem candidates to draw a harder line against it than Obama has. This is a reminder that, even as Dems may be more united these days and Hillary Clinton is thought to have an easy walk to the nomination, real divisions may emerge on multiple fronts — economic policy, war, and the environment.
 * AND HERE’S WHAT GOP CONTROL OF SENATE WOULD ACTUALLY MEAN: Charles Krauthammer :
Regaining the Senate would finally give the GOP the opportunity, going into 2016, to demonstrate its capacity to govern.  You can’t govern the country from one house of Congress. Republicans learned that hard, yet obvious, lesson with the disastrous shutdowns of 1995 and 2013. But controlling both houses would allow the GOP to produce a compelling legislative agenda.
Aside from the “compelling legislative agenda” part, this is absolutely correct. If Republicans win the Senate, the American people will get a much closer look at what GOP governance actually looks like, in the run-up to 2016.
 
Greg Sargent writes The Plum Line blog, a reported opinion blog with a liberal slant -- what you might call “opinionated reporting” from the left.

Obama gets no respect  no trust in Middle EastBy Jennifer Rubin October 3 Follow @JRubinBlogger
The degree to which Israelis distrust President Obama is a sobering reminder of the strains he has placed on our closest relationship in the Middle East. The Jerusalem Post reports:
President Obama meets with retired Marine Corps Gen. John Allen (not pictured) in the Oval Office on Sept. 16. (REUTERS/Gary Cameron)
Following a week in which Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas accused Israel of genocide and US President Barack Obama’s administration condemned Israel for building in its capital, a poll broadcast on Thursday found both men unpopular among Israelis.
Only 27 percent of Israelis consider Abbas a worthy partner for peace talks, a Panels poll broadcast on the Knesset Channel found. Sixty-three percent said he was not a worthy partner.
Asked whether they trusted Obama to manage US policy in the Middle East, 74% said no and 21% said yes.
Only 25% said they would characterize the American president as a “true friend of Israel.” Sixty-two percent said they would not.
Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu fared considerably better in the poll. It found that if an election were held today, his Likud party would rise from 19 Knesset seats to 27.
Who can blame them? At a time when pressing issues like Iran and the Islamic State threaten our joint interests, the administration kicked sand in the prime minister’s face with a rebuke in extraordinarily harsh terms — “not settlements” and not “Jewish settlements” — over mixed housing for Jews and Arabs in Jerusalem. Former deputy national security adviser Elliott Abrams explains what the administration denounced :
In December 2012, the Jerusalem District Planning and Building Committee announced a major new housing project. In an area of east Jerusalem called Givat Hamatos, 2600 units would be built. Of some significance, half would be set aside for Jewish residents and half for Arab Jerusalemites.  Last week, just before the New Year’s holiday, the deputy mayor of Jerusalem signed an order described as “symbolic,” continuing official approvals of the work.
Abrams observes, “Building new housing for Arabs and Jews in Jerusalem does not in fact ‘call into question Israel’s ultimate commitment to a peaceful negotiated settlement with the Palestinians,’ the foolish and extreme phrase of both the White House spokesman and the State Department.” He concludes that “calling upon Israel to stop housing construction in its capital city is not realistic. And what’s worse is that Washington apparently thinks housing construction for Arabs is fine and only condemns new housing for Jews; and by singling out neighborhoods appears to be saying that certain neighborhoods must not be allowed to become mixed ones and must remain free of Jewish residents.”
Why would the administration pitch a fit over this issue? Maybe it doesn’t bother to get the details and simply takes the account of the left-wing group (Peace Now) that fanned the story. Maybe Obama thinks he gets points with Arab countries (rather than reminding them how poor an ally he is) when he bashes Israel. Maybe he thinks he can deflect blame from himself for the Middle East meltdown by attacking Israel. Maybe he personally dislikes the elected leader of Israel or the country he represents.
It does not matter. What Israel sees is an American president who can’t tell what is important and who America’s friends are. Actually, Sunni governments see things much the same way. The Iranians do as well, which explains their intransigence at the bargaining table, their increasingly hostile public rhetoric, their refusal to cooperate with the International Atomic Energy Agency and their support for Hamas, Hezbollah and the murderous regime of Bashar al-Assad.
This is the quintessential case in which we don’t inspire trust in our friends or fear in our enemies.
The lack of trust/lack of fear problem means that allies must increasingly act on their own in ways we don’t like to defend their own interests against emboldened foes. Egypt and the United Arab Emirates strike Libya without telling us and contrary to our wishes. Just back from the White House, Netanyahu announces in an interview that even if the U.S. makes a final deal with Iran, in the event of a bad deal “Israel always reserves the right to defend itself.” As well it should. It has learned not to rely on the Obama administration.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Sweden to recognise state ofPalestineFor the Palestinians, Sweden's move will be a welcome boost for its ambitions. (Source: Reuters photo)
Reuters | Stockholm | Posted: October 3, 2014 7:12 pm
Sweden’s new centre-left government will recognise the state of Palestine in a move that will make it the first major European country to take the step, Prime Minister Stefan Lofven said on Friday.
The U.N. General Assembly approved the de facto recognition of the sovereign state of Palestine in 2012 but the European Union and most EU countries, have yet to give official recognition.
“The conflict between Israel can only be solved with a two-state solution, negotiated in accordance with international law,” Swedish PM Stefan Lofven said during his inaugural address in parliament.
“A two-state solution requires mutual recognition and a will to peaceful co-existence. Sweden will therefore recognise the state of Palestine.”
For the Palestinians, Sweden’s move will be a welcome boost for its ambitions.
With its reputation as an honest broker in international affairs and with an influential voice in EU foreign policy, the decision may well make other countries sit up and pay attention at a time when the Palestinians are threatening unilateral moves towards statehood.
However, there is likely to be strong criticism of Sweden from Israel, as well as from the United States and the EU, which maintain that an independent Palestinian state should only emerge through a negotiated process.
Within the EU, some countries, such as Hungary, Poland and Slovakia recognise Palestine, but they did so before joining the 28-member bloc.
If the centre-left government fulfils its plans, Sweden would be the first country to recognise Palestine while being a member of the European Union.
The Social Democrats and Greens hold a minority of seats in parliament and the incoming centre-left government is likely to be one of Sweden’s weakest for decades.
The former centre-right government would not recognise Palestine as the Palestinian authorities did not control their territory.
The Palestinians want an independent state in the West Bank and Gaza, with its capital in East Jerusalem. While Gaza’s boundaries are clearly defined, the precise territory of what would constitute Palestine in the West Bank and East Jerusalem will only be determined via negotiations with Israel on a two-state solution, negotiations which are currently suspended.

Maharashtra polls: BJP terms Congress  NCP poll manifestos repetitive5
0
Mumbai: The election manifestos of Congress and NCP for Maharashtra polls are proof of "old wine in old bottle," the BJP said on Friday.
"The Congress NCP government hasn't fulfilled any of the assurances they made in their earlier manifestos," state BJP spokesperson Madhav Bhandari told reporters here. The NCP promised to make state load shedding free by December 2012 but that hasn't been done, he said.
The state government did not make any efforts on the Dahej to Uran gas pipeline, he said.
The election manifestos of Congress and NCP for Maharashtra polls are proof of "old wine in old bottle," the BJP said on Friday.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #bjp congress #ncp #menifestos
NCP leader Supriya Sule has said nobody knows the current agriculture minister as well as they knew her father Sharad Pawar when he held that post, Bhandari said. "Pawar is known as the Agriculture Minister during whose tenure 60,000 farmers committed suicide," he said.
Congress and NCP won the 2004 polls by promising free electricity and have made that promise again, he said. They want to cheat farmers, he added. The manifestos contain no new point, he said. They are proof of the lies and deceit of these parties, he added. "Our priority will also be to remove regional imbalances on development front," he said.
"We have been supporting creation of smaller states, like Vidarbha region, for the last several years. Shiv Sena was aware of this and was with us for last 25 years," he said. Nobody has spoken of separating Mumbai from Maharashtra and allegations by some leaders, including those of Congress are baseless, he said.
There is no mention of the malpractices on levy of toll in the state, he said. "Instead they have promised to make state toll-free without elaborating on what basis they intend to do it," Bhandari said.
0

Watch: PM Modi attends Ravan Dahan along with Sonia and Manmohan at Subhash MaidanJharkhand elections: Sonia Gandhi urges people of Daltonganj to vote for Congress
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Le French bashing: a potted history© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4cf72a9e-4ae5-11e4-839a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/1r8s1iHFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Gay marriage, once inconceivable, now appears inevitable
The Supreme Court is on the verge of deciding the future of same-sex marriage -- an institution described as "newer than cellphones or the Internet" when it was debated by the justices last year.
Post to Facebook
Gay marriage, once inconceivable, now appears inevitable The Supreme Court is on the verge of deciding the future of same-sex marriage -- an institution described as "newer than cellphones or the Internet" when it was debated by the justices last year. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1x3cZ3h
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
606
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Gay marriage, once inconceivable, now appears inevitable
Richard Wolf , USA TODAY 11:32 a.m. EDT October 6, 2014
The gay marriage movement took root in the 1990s, as was evident during New York City's Gay Pride Parade in 1996.
(Photo: Adam Nadel, AP)
6718 CONNECT 293 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 606 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Note: This story was written last week before the Supreme Court's surprise decision not  to take up the cases this term.
WASHINGTON — As the Supreme Court prepares to decide the future of same-sex marriage — an institution described as "newer than cellphones or the Internet" by one justice last year — two things are clear.
Despite this year's breathtaking string of lower court victories, the battle for marriage equality hasn't been swift or easy. To the lawyers who devised the legal strategy decades ago, the journey has been arduous, the setbacks plentiful and the battle scars deep.
And even after the high court rules — most likely by striking down state bans on gay marriage at the end of its term in June — the fight won't be over. Another clash looms over the issue of religious freedom.
Same-sex marriage's transformation from impossible dream decades ago to all but inevitable today has been, by most accounts, unprecedented. First legalized in the Netherlands in 2001, gay and lesbian marriages have spread to 19 countries and 19 states.
As they stand at the precipice — with the high court delaying any decision Thursday but likely to accept one or more cases later this month — the movement's founders insist it's a cause whose time has come.
Supreme Court delays action on same-sex marriage
"Every day literally matters," says Evan Wolfson, who launched the advocacy group Freedom to Marry in 2003 and hopes to put it out of business next year. "People are literally dying without being able to get married."
Before same-sex marriage went on its current winning streak, however, there was a very long losing streak. In 1972, the Supreme Court tossed out the first gay marriage lawsuit "for want of a substantial federal question." In 1986, the justices upheld states' rights to ban homosexual sodomy. The 1990s brought progress, but not victory, from Hawaii to Vermont.
"The tone of the opinions from the state courts was as though a man was seeking the right to be pregnant," recalls Mary Bonauto, the godmother of the gay marriage movement, who won the first victory in Massachusetts in 2003.
The air of inevitability that pervades the issue today stems from a near-perfect string of court victories since June 2013, when the Supreme Court ruled 5-4 that the federal government must recognize same-sex marriages performed in states where it is legal. The same five justices appear likely to take the final step this term by declaring state bans against gay marriage unconstitutional.
For same-sex marriage pioneer, a very busy year
Standing in the breach are the same steadfast opponents who have defended the states' prohibitions for two decades. They have not given up hope that the justices will come down on the side of states' rights. But even if they lose, they promise more battles to come between gay rights and religious rites.
"There's a ton that will happen on religious liberty. We're already preemptively moving in this direction," says Brian Brown, president of the National Organization for Marriage. "The other side wants to push religious liberty into the four walls of a church."
'IMPOSSIBLE DREAM' TAKES ROOT
That movement was born in the wake of Loving v. Virginia, the 1967 Supreme Court decision that outlawed state bans on interracial marriage. Yet the years that followed did not produce immediate victories.
The Supreme Court refused in 1972 to overrule Baker v. Nelson, which upheld a Minnesota law denying marriage rights to gay men and lesbians. "It was a train wreck," says James Esseks, director of the American Civil Liberties Union's LGBT and AIDS Project. "It's a case that has haunted us for decades."
The 1980s brought Bowers v. Hardwick, which upheld Georgia's law banning homosexual sodomy. Other cases were filed -- and lost — on behalf of gay couples.
The effort began to take root in the 1990s, when proponents won their first court victory in Hawaii. The reaction was swift: Congress passed the Defense of Marriage Act in 1996, denying federal recognition to same-sex marriages that did not yet exist. Hawaii voters passed a constitutional amendment against same-sex marriage in 1998, making the matter moot.
Another victory came in Vermont in December 1999, but it, too, was short-lived. The state Supreme Court ruled that gay men and lesbians should have the same rights as heterosexuals, leaving it to the Legislature to decide how. The result, in 2000, was civil unions — not marriages
Not until 2003 did Massachusetts become the first state to legalize gay marriage in Goodridge v. Department of Public Health, a case won by Bonauto. That same year, Paul Smith won Lawrence v. Texas, which struck down the remaining state laws against sodomy. That was a major victory in the fight against discrimination. But beyond one state, marriage remained elusive.
"It was considered an impossible dream by some," Smith recalls. "Some gay people thought it was a crazy idea themselves.
"Litigation," he says, "changed hearts and minds."
The 43rd annual San Francisco Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender Pride Celebration & Parade makes its way down Market Street on June 30, 2013, just days after same-sex marriages were reinstated in California.
(Photo: Sarah Rice, Getty Images)
REAL PEOPLE, REAL BENEFITS
After Massachusetts, the deluge didn't come. The legal movement lost cases in New York, Washington, Maryland, Arizona and Indiana. Constitutional amendments banning gay marriage were passed in a dozen states in the fall of 2004.
So a group of about 15 advocates from groups such as the ACLU, the Human Rights Campaign and Lambda Legal met to plot a path through more states to the Supreme Court.
It took nearly five years before legislatures and courts answered the call. California was first, but a court decision legalizing gay marriage was quickly reversed by voters at the polls. Finally, a series of states from New England to Iowa made same-sex marriage legal. California finally became the 13th state last year.
"Every five years is a complete generation in gay rights law," says David Codell, constitutional litigation director for the National Center for Lesbian Rights.
Since then, federal and state courts have given an almost unbroken winning streak to the gay marriage movement, with only a federal judge in Louisiana upholding that state's ban. A total of 19 states and the District of Columbia now permit same-sex marriage, and courts have ruled favorably in 14 other states. Wolfson has been to 10 same-sex weddings this year alone.
Along with the court rulings has come a growing acceptance of same-sex marriage by a majority of Americans. The latest Gallup Poll showed 55% support for gay marriage and 42% opposed.
"If there is one silver bullet you have to point to that has moved public opinion dramatically over the years, it's folks getting to know us," says Chad Griffin, president of the Human Rights Campaign, the nation's largest gay rights organization. "It's been nearly five decades in the making."

http://usat.ly/1yCabyrGM halts sale of midsize trucks, issues 2 more recalls
The two recalls collectively affect 524,384 vehicles in North America, including 379,401 units across USA
Post to Facebook
GM halts sale of midsize trucks, issues 2 more recalls The two recalls collectively affect 524,384 vehicles in North America, including 379,401 units across USA Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1x6rALf
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
36
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
GM halts sale of midsize trucks, issues 2 more recalls
Nathan Bomey, Detroit Free Press 7 p.m. EDT October 3, 2014
The all-new 2015 Chevrolet Colorado Z71 pickup truck going on sale now.
(Photo: John Roe, Chevrolet)
825 CONNECT 83 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 36 COMMENTEMAILMORE
DETROIT — General Motors ordered dealers to stop selling the new Chevrolet Colorado and GMC Canyon pickup trucks until it fixes an air bag defect that will result in another recall.
Dealers have sold only a few dozen of the 2015 midsize trucks.
They are GM's return to the smaller-truck market dominated by Toyota's Tacoma. Detroit makers have not sold compact or midsize trucks since 2011.
Separately, GM issued two new recalls affecting more than a half-million vehicles in North America, including new Cadillac crossovers and a discontinued Saab SUV to fix loose joints and worn threads blamed for three crashes and two injuries.
Those two recalls collectively affect 524,384 vehicles in the U.S., Canada and Mexico. The company has now issued 71 recalls this year, affecting a record of about 30 million vehicles worldwide.
SEPTEMBER: GM recalls 221,558 sedans for fire risk
GM said the Colorado and Canyon contain "driver air bag connections that were wired incorrectly during the manufacturing process.
"This condition affects the vehicles' two-stage air bag system by reversing the deployment sequence and disrupting the deployment timing of the driver airbag stages. This condition will cause the driver airbags to not function as designed," GM said.
The company said the issue had not caused any crashes or injuries.
The biggest recall of the day was for 290,107 units of the 2010-2015 Cadillac SRX and 2011-2012 Saab 9-4X because "improper torquing could possibly result in a loose joint and worn threads that could cause the toe adjuster link to separate."
The company said it had reported the condition to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration on Sept. 17.
In another recall, GM said it would fix 89,294 units of the 2013-15 Chevrolet Spark minicar in the U.S. "because corrosion can cause the secondary hood latch striker to stick in the open position. If the primary latch is not engaged, the hood could open unexpectedly."
About 13,000 Sparks, imported from South Korea, will be parked at dealerships until the fixes can be made. The Spark is the second- least expensive new car
sold in the U.S. this year, according to a Cars.com review.
GM said it did not know about any crashes caused by the problem.
The automaker said more than a month ago that it had largely finished its review of past defect data, which had led to the record number of recalls this summer. The recall of 2.6 million small cars with defective ignition switches spawned government investigations, lawsuits and a restructuring of GM's safety engineering practices.
825 CONNECT 83 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 36 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1x6rALf
USA NOW
Boy with toy gun shot and killed by Cleveland Police
Nov 24, 2014

J&K: Pakistan shells LoC villages in Poonch  girl killed  4 injured11
0
Jammu: A teenage girl was killed and four persons were injured as Pakistani troops targeted villages and Indian forward posts along the Line of Control (LoC) in Jammu and Kashmir's Poonch district in ceasefire violation for the third consecutive day on Friday.
Pakistani troops resorted to mortar shillings and small arms fire on several border hamlets and forward posts in Sabjian belt in the evening, police officials said.
Indian troops retaliated in equal measure triggering an exchange of fire, they said.
Pakistani troops resorted to mortar shillings and small arms fire on several border hamlets and forward posts in Sabjian belt, police officials said.
#pakistan #pakistan firing #line of control #poonch
17-year-old Zahira Akhtar was killed and four persons were injured at Gigriyal border hamlet, they said adding that the wounded have been hospitalised.
Earlier in the day, Pakistani troops also fired at Indian posts with mortar guns and automatic weapons along LoC in Sabjian around 2 PM on Friday, a defence spokesman said.
This is the fourth ceasefire violation in the past three days. There were three ceasefire violations in Sabjian and Mandi sub-sectors in Poonch and one in forward area in Kashmir Valley on October 1.
Pakistani troops had resorted to heavy firing by small arms and automatic weapons and shelling of 81 mm mortar bombs in two forward sub-sector of Sabjian and Mandi along LoC in Poonch district on the intervening night of October 1 and 2.
They had also targeted civilians living in border hamlets of Gigriyal and Uripura along LoC, police officials said.
Six persons including 2 women were injured in the attack.
This month's ceasefire violations came after a gap of one month and four days along Indo-Pak border in Jammu and Kashmir.
Pakistan Rangers had resorted to unprovoked firing by automatic machine guns on the intervening night of August 26 and 27 on Indian BOPs located in Pragwal area of Akhnoor tehsil of Jammu.
In a bid to defuse border tension triggered by 45 days of firing and shelling by Pakistani troops, the longest since 1971 war, India and Pakistan on August 29 held a crucial Sector Commander (DIG-Brigadier) level flag meeting on Octerio BoP in RS Pura sector to decide to maintain peace and tranquility by silencing guns.
198

Government slammed over live telecast of RSS chief address on DDOct 03, 2014 at 06:52pm IST
Government slammed over live telecast of RSS chief address on DD
12
0
New Delhi: The live telecast of RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat's address in Nagpur by Doordarshan on Friday stoked a controversy with opposition slamming the government for "misusing" the state broadcaster while BJP defended it.
Congress spokesman Sandeep Dikshit termed the hour-long telecast as a "dangerous tradition", saying RSS is a controversial religious and political organisation. "It is a dangerous tradition. This is not an organisation which is completely neutral. It is a controversial organisation," he said, adding it is a political decision of the government.
His party colleague Abhishek Manu Singhvi feared that from now on, the country would be ruled through the official media "for Nagpur, by Nagpur and of Nagpur".
Terming the development as "the most unfortunate, gross, blatant misuse of official government largesse and machinery," he said it as "absolutely amazing, shocking, unbelievable and unprecedented".
#doordarshan #rss #mohan bhagwat #narendra modi
Terming the development as "the most unfortunate, gross, blatant misuse of official government largesse and machinery," he said it as "absolutely amazing, shocking, unbelievable and unprecedented".
He contended that the broadcast has once again brought to fore the real game, character and definition of the "real" remote control. Another Congress leader Rashid Alvi said, "this naked state majoritarianism must be resisted."
Former Union Minister Salman Khurshid said, "we do not accept the record of RSS as being above board in terms of our national aspirations".
Condemning the live broadcast, CPI(M) said, "The RSS uses the occasion propagate its Hindutva ideology. The national public broadcaster has no business to telecast live the speech of the Chief of an organisation like the RSS."
The CPI also condemned the live telecast with its National Secretary D Raja saying the government, particularly the Information and Broadcasting Ministry, should give an explanation to the people for allowing DD to be the mouthpiece for the RSS.
Raja said it was "a disquieting and distressing trend that the country's secular and democratic values were undermined" by the government action. Holding that it was misuse of official machinery, JD(U) spokesman K C Tyagi said the Information and Broadcasting Ministry should not encourage public broadcast of any such events in the future.
He said that RSS is a religious organisation and its remarks have created controversies from time to time. Historian and commentator Ramchandra Guha said this "naked state majoritarianism" must be resisted.
"This (showing it live) is a dangerous misuse of the state machinery. The RSS is a sectarian Hindu body. Next, imams in mosques and priests in churches may ask that DD covers their speeches live," he said in his tweets.
Defending the telecast, BJP spokesperson Meenakshi Lekhi said people are interested in what Bhagwat says as his statement is newsworthy. She said Prasar Bharti is an independent organisation and it has all the right to select its news.
Attacking the Congress and Left for raising objections, she said, "They are trying to gain relevance by raising raising non-issues." She added that the Congress and Left never raised objections when the Pope's message was telecast live, even when they were in power.
Lekhi's party colleague Shaina N C said the RSS is a nationalist organisation which believes in 'India first' and the country above the interest of any individual. "I am glad that this speech has been highlighted and people realise that if there is one cadre in the country today that has genuinely contributed to patriotism and nation-building, it is the RSS,"
8

My wife wont let me run  and other lame excusesBy Nia-Malika Henderson October 3 Follow @niawapo
Former Florida governor Jeb Bush says he is thinking about a 2016 presidential bid, but his wife is upset about the possibility.  (AP)
If 2015 rolls around and Jeb Bush decides not to run for president, it seems likely that part of his excuse will be this: His wife wouldn't let him do it. Time and again, when the subject of a race for the White House comes up, Bush — or his aides, or his strategists, or his close friends — say that the decision seems to rest mostly on his wife, Columba, who we are told is not comfortable in the spotlight .
No, it's not that Bush hasn't run for public office in many years. No, it's not that the Republican Party is literally not his father's or brother's Republican Party anymore. And it's definitely not that Bush might just have the wrong temperament to run . Instead, it seems mostly that his presidential ambitions, that Bush dynastic DNA, might in fact be curbed by his wife.
“He told me two things,” an anonymous person-close-to-Bush recently  told Politico : “that he knows he has to decide very soon, and that his wife is not at all happy with the possibility.”
This has been a common refrain for Bush, going hand in hand with the anchor of his family name. It brings to mind his wife's difficulties in the spotlight. She had a run-in with U.S. customs, for example, when she declared $500 worth of goods despite having gone on a $19,000 shopping spree in Paris .
That was 15 years ago. His children have also had their share of issues, but it simply isn't the case anymore that America expects a first family to be perfect or particularly present and upfront in a campaign. (Quick: Name Mitt Romney's five sons.)
Yet, Team Bush often suggests that vague family issues, most notably his wife's hesitance — not his seeming distaste for campaign politics , mind you — might just keep Bush from trying to fulfill his dad's dream of having two sons in the White House.
It is the same with Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), who seems to be a man in a hurry. He never stops making news and granting interviews, has been touring South Carolina colleges talking to the youth and is cultivating an image as the most interesting man in politics. Does anyone actually think he isn't already running for president?
Well hold on just a minute. We're told,  including by Paul himself , that the final decision is really up to his wife. The one who married the son of a former presidential (albeit third-party) candidate. The one who has worked as a Republican consultant in Texas. The one who sent out a picture of her husband being sworn in by Vice President Biden as a Christmas card. And the one who invited Vogue cameras and reporters into her family home to talk all about her husband, the senator, who already seems to be running for president.
His wife,  Kelley, was called his "secret weapon"  by the Vogue reporter. (Aren't all political wives secret weapons? As in secretly just as ambitious as their husbands? But shhh ... we aren't supposed to know that.)
This from the Vogue profile:
She sinks down next to Paul on the couch, folding her legs under a tasseled pillow, and explains that, in fact, she is not sold on a Rand Paul 2016 presidential campaign. “Because in this day and age it’s mostly about character assassination,” she says. “When I think of the tens of millions of dollars in opposition research that they'd be aiming right at us and our family — that’s what it’s about.”
And then this this from a recent profile of Rand Paul and his family in the New Yorker:
“Unless Kelley says no, he’s running," Steve Munisteri, the chairman of the Republican Party of Texas, told me this summer. “He is objectively one of the three most likely people to get the nomination.”
While Paul's wife mentioned the very common and predictable "character assassination" that goes on in every campaign, Michelle Obama was worried prior to the 2008 campaign about an actual assassination attempt. (And Colin Powell's wife, Alma, had similar concerns about her husband mounting a presidential bid.)
But the now-first lady's other concerns were much more about the nuts and bolts of the campaign.
This from Newsweek :
At two meetings with the candidate and his political aides shortly before he announced his intention to run, she grilled them about particulars, practical concerns that had nothing to do with his sweeping themes of "hope" and "change." What demands would the campaign place on their lives? Where would the money come from? Could they really take on the Clinton machine and win, or was this just an extended ego trip? "She didn't want Barack to launch some kind of empty effort here," says senior strategist David Axelrod.
Quite simply, Michelle Obama wanted to know if her husband could win, and if so, how.
But the idea that political wives are smart political partners and strategists, in on the planning and the execution of a campaign effort, is just too much to admit. So instead we revert to the idea of the political wife as something akin to a ball-and-chain that might just trip up the most ambitious presidential aspirants.
Bill Clinton campaigned on a "two-for-one" deal. The skittish political wife is the opposite of that — a relic that allows for an easy out while, at the same time, making the hesitant candidate appear to be a family man.
It's not that a candidate isn't burning with ambition or couldn't win; it's that the wife is somehow just too delicate.
Nia-Malika Henderson is a political reporter for The Fix.

How Adam Sandler became the king of movie rentalsBy Stephanie Merry October 3 Follow @stephmerry
Adam Sandler is capable of making a cute romantic comedy (usually in the Drew Barrymore genre); he can also make a quirky drama (“Punch Drunk Love,” the forthcoming “Men, Women & Children”) so stirring that critics wonder if they’ve underrated him.
But generally Adam Sandler makes, well, Adam Sandler movies — silly, farcical, scatalogical and stupid. You not only don’t need to watch them in the theater, you’d maybe rather not. Do you really want anyone to see you going into “Jack & Jill” ? Can you justify spending $12.50 on a ticket for “You Don’t Mess With the Zohan” ?
Adam Sandler gets older but his maturity level stays the same age. Here he is playing a father to Andy Samberg in “That’s My Boy.” (Tracy Bennett/Columbia Pictures)
And thus the thinking behind Sandler’s big new deal to release upcoming films exclusively through Netflix : He’s the king of the couch comedy — the ones you watch at home in sweats, overworked or hungover and not inclined to use a lot of brain cells.
Don’t pretend you’re not watching; the data suggests otherwise. The Netflix deal came about because, according to Ted Sarandos, the company’s head of content, Sandler’s movies are among the most watched. Meanwhile, Redbox awarded Sandler a lifetime achievement award in 2012, and you can see why. In 2011, the company’s top rental was “Just Go With It” ; in 2010, “Grown Ups” was the third most popular; in 2012 the critically-obliterated “Jack & Jill” was the third most popular; and last year “Grown-Ups 2” was number seven. At this moment, Redbox is reporting that the most rented movie of the week is “Blended.”
How did Sandler become our nation’s secret guilty pleasure?
Like many big-screen comedians, he weaseled his way into our hearts through “Saturday Night Live.” In the Chris Farley/David Spade ’90s, he stood out with his absurdist acoustic guitar performances of ditties like “Lunch Lady Land” and “The Hanukkah Song” that somehow spoke to his fellow Generation Xers.
And then suddenly, like Bill Murray a generation earlier, he was a leading man: “Billy Madison” in 1995, “Happy Gilmore” the next year, playing slacker man-boys who triumph over adversity and win the girl. Neither movie was a blockbuster (“Billy Madison” was the 65th biggest release of 1995, “Happy Gilmore was the 37th of 1996) — but they gained cult followings via rentals and cable reruns; somehow, every dude you knew could recite the entire Bob Barker fight scene .
With the sleeper juggernaut “The Waterboy” in 1998 (an unexpected $40 million in three days), Sandler was anointed a box-office giant. His audience, according to surveys, was largely aged 12 to 25, and 75 percent male — though with the follow-up rom-com “The Wedding Singer,” he drew a healthier number of women and $80 million domestically.
And finally, in 2001, Sandler had, yes, critical acclaim. Was “Punch-Drunk Love” really all that great, or was it just such a shock to see a clown like Sandler yank at our heartstrings in the Paul Thomas Anderson love story about a socially-awkward loner? Whatever — there was awards buzz and an assumption we’d see more such ambitious roles.
Instead, he doubled-down on the dumb-guy franchise. Sandler launched Happy Madison Productions, which inflicted the likes of “The Hot Chick” and “Paul Blart: Mall Cop” on the world, painfully stupid comedies that made it rain at the box office — and even more so on the rental market. (That Redbox champion “Jack & Jill” was only the 48th most popular theatrical release in 2011.)
That’s what fans gotta love about Adam Sandler: He may get older, but his sense of humor stays the same age. Yet his stories speak to a more mature audience — the 12-to-25-year-old guys who saw “The Waterboy” at the multiplex are now 28-to-43. Hence, the narratives of “Grown Ups” and even “Blended.” In “Grown Ups 2,” when a group of dads, played by Sandler, Spade, Kevin James and Chris Rock, brawl with a group of frat boys, it’s clear which side the audience is supposed to be rooting for this time.
Like Sandler, his fans have kids of their own. And after an exhausting week of work, the idea of getting a babysitter and leaving the house seems like a tall order. Maybe the only thing fathomable is an entirely non-taxing comedy. When that time comes, people know what actor to turn to. And they shouldn’t be embarrassed. They’re clearly not alone.
Washington-area native Stephanie Merry covers movies, theater and art for Weekend and the Going Out Guide. She’s also the section’s de facto expert on yoga, gluten-free dining and bicycle commuting.

Protests continue in TN against Jaya conviction; 12-hr bandh in PuducherrytomorrowSupporters hold candles as they protest against J Jayalalitha's conviction in a disproportionate assets case by Bangalore court in Coimbatore on Friday. (Source: PTI Photo)
Press Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: October 3, 2014 7:37 pm | Updated: October 4, 2014 7:33 am
Protests continued across Tamil Nadu on Friday against the conviction of AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa in the disproportionate assets case and the party’s Puducherry unit has decided to observe a “ dawn-to-dusk” bandh in the Union Territory on Saturday.
Many shops were shut in Kancheepuram, Erode, Dharmapuri and Villupuram districts, among others, even as “Amma” (as Jayalalithaa is popularly known) loyalists conducted special prayers at temples, churches and mosques in different places, seeking divine intervention for her release from a Bangalore prison.
Police said no untoward incidents were reported from anywhere in the state.
IADMK supporters protest against the AIADMK chief Supremo J Jayalalitha’s conviction.
In Kancheepuram, a section of fisherfolk did not venture into the sea while party supporters tonsured their heads at Sholinganallur in the district as a mark of protest.
A human chain protest was held at Madurai even as party workers observed fast in many places including Pudukottai, Erode, Dharmapuri, Chennai, Krishnagiri and Kancheepuram.
The party proposed a day-long fast by its MLAs at the memorial of AIADMK founder M G Ramachandran (MGR) at the Marina beach here on Saturday even as cable operators loyal to AIADMK mulled suspending operations on Saturday.
The party’s Puducherry unit has called for a 12-hour bandh in all four regions of the Union Territory — Pondicherry, Karaikal, Mahe and Yanam — on Saturday to protest the “false case” imposed against Jayalalithaa.
AIADMK’s Uppalam town secretary A Ravindran told reporters that the bandh would commence from 6 AM.

Unmukt Chand  Amit Mishra power India A to win against WestIndiesPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 3, 2014 7:30 pm
Veteran leg-spinner Amit Mishra and talented youngster Unmukt Chand put up impressive performances as India A made short work of the touring West Indies side in the first of the two warm-up one dayers in Mumbai on Friday.
It wasn’t the ideal practice session for the visitors as they were bundled out for a paltry 148 runs in 38.1 overs at the Brabourne Stadium. Chasing a paltry target of 149, India A surpassed the target in only 25.3 overs with Unmukt Chand scoring unbeaten 79 off 81 balls with 11 fours and two sixes.
While bowling first, Mishra produced a brilliant spell of leg-break bowling grabbing three for 26 in 10 overs.
The 31-year-old Delhi bowler went through the defences of skipper Kieron Pollard (2), Darren Sammy (0) with his googlies and also cleaned up Jerome Taylor (0).
West Indies batsmen struggled against the India A attack with the only exception being Marlon Samuels.
The 33-year old Jamaican held the fort with his 59-ball 56 that consisted of nine fours. He added 47 runs with pacer Jason Holder (21) for the sixth wicket before being trapped leg before by Karn Sharma.
West Indies received an early jolt when opener Leon Johnson (0) was caught in the second slip off Jasprit Bumrah in the fourth over while his partner Lendl Simmons was retired out on 12.
Simmons had a back problem and did not resume the field during the course of the game. Only four of the batsmen reached double digits including tail-ender Kemar Roach (10).
Leg-spinner Karn picked up two wickets for 27 runs, while off-spinner Parvez Rasool, Dhawal Kulkarni, Bumrah and Stuart Binny bagged a wicket a piece.
While chasing, Murali Vijay made a patient 26 off 37 before being caught by Samuels in the short cover region off Kemar Roach as he added 71 runs for the opening stand with Chand.
Chand guided the team to victory with an unbeaten 78-run stand with Karun Nair. Nair struck three fours and a six in his 36-ball 27.
Brief Scores: West Indies 148 (Marlon Samuels 56, Jason Holder 21; Amit Mishra 3/26, Karn Sharma 2/27) lost to India A 149 for 1 in 25.3 overs (Unmukt Chand 79*; Roach 1 for 28) by 9 wickets.
While bowling first, Mishra produced a brilliant spell of leg-break bowling grabbing three for 26 in 10 overs

Spanish court rejects Lionel Messis appeal in tax fraudcasePrint
Reuters | Barcelona | Posted: October 3, 2014 7:28 pm
A Spanish court has rejected an appeal lodged by Argentina and Barcelona forward Lionel Messi against his prosecution for alleged tax evasion.
Spain’s public prosecutor argued in June that Messi’s father Jorge was responsible for the family’s finances and not the four-times World Player of the Year.
A court in Barcelona decided, however, Lionel Messi could have known about and approved the creation of a web of shell companies that were allegedly used to evade taxes due on income from image rights.
The appeal against that decision has been rejected, according to court documents published on Friday.
Messi and his father have been accused of defrauding the Spanish state of more than 4 million euros (5 million US dollars).

Hit the Road! Gas Prices Drop to a Four-Year Low
Santelli Exchange: Will wages grow
Washington Convention Center  Newseum  Pierre Garcon  National Geographic Dinosaur have NatitudeBy Dan Steinberg October 3 Follow @dcsportsbog
The National Geographic Museum dinosaur. (Photo by Christy Solberg/National Geographic)
Here is a non-comprehensive link of things that are displaying Natitude on this opening day of the Nats playoffs series.
The National Geographic Museum Dinosaur
The National Geographic Museum dinosaur. (Photo by Christy Solberg/National Geographic)
“The Postseason excitement is so contagious, even our Spinosaurus is showing his Natitude!” the museum said in a release. “This fierce fan is currently on display outside of the National Geographic Museum, along M Street. He is also the cover model of the October issue of National Geographic magazine. The National Geographic Museum will be offering free same day admission to Postseason ticket holders on game day.”
Redskins wide receiver Pierre Garcon
Good luck today guys @nationals Keep up the good work. http://t.co/eCmU8ZBWy2 pic.twitter.com/hOiZGbROwm
— Pierre Garçon (@PierreGarcon) October 3, 2014
The Newseum
The Newseum’s got #Natitude ! We’re going red tonight through the playoffs for the @Nationals . #RedOctober pic.twitter.com/nz7tCRWVYC — Newseum (@Newseum) October 2, 2014
The foam at Caffe Amouri in Vienna
— Caffe Amouri (@caffeamouri) October 3, 2014
Fanatics.com shoppers
According to Fanatics.com, which describes itself as the nation’s largest online retailer of team merchandise, sales of Nats merchandise in September were up 250 percent over sales in September 2012, when the team last made the playoffs. Sales of Orioles merchandise were up 267 percent in that same time period.
Further, the Baltimore/D.C. region bought the most MLB gear on Fanatics.com of any region in the country last month, according to the site.
The Beltways ranked ahead of Southern California (which also has two playoff teams), New York (which had Jeter’s retirement), Northern California (two playoff teams) and St. Louis/Kansas City (two playoff teams), in that order.
The Washington Convention Center
@dcsportsbog Don’t know if this has been mentioned. Washington Convention Center: pic.twitter.com/PYWNUgQAoR — Damon Donaldson (@damedonaldson) October 3, 2014
These Fluffy Thoughts cookies
— FluffyThoughts (@ThinkFluffy) October 3, 2014
These Sprinkles cupcakes
Many thanks to #SprinklesCupcakes for sending over these perfectly festive treats! #NothingButOctober #NLDS pic.twitter.com/Nx6LMi1QHM — Washington Nationals (@Nationals) October 3, 2014
This dude’s lawn
— Tim McKay (@timmckay1104) October 1, 2014
This Cropp-Metcalfe office

Copper broken most important level $ 3 what next i don`t knowCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Silver cross $ 17 and sustainCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

All level are broken in commodity and all levels high one are broken i...Silver Member
23 Followers
all level are broken in commodity and all levels high one are broken in stocks now dow is below 17k still no recovery in commodity is strange
8.56 PM Oct 3rd  | Track

Bogus. clarify why..Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Patna: Over 20 dead in stampede at Gandhi Maidan during Dussehra festivities5
0
Patna: Tragedy struck Dussehra festivities in Patna, the capital of Bihar, on Friday evening when a stampede at the city's famous Gandhi Maidan resulted in the death of at least 32 people and left 21 others injured.
The incident happened soon after the effigy of Ravan was burnt during Dussehra festivities at the ground. Several women and children were amongst those killed.
The cause of the stampede was not immediately known although some eye-witnesses said that there was a power cut and rumours of a live wire on the ground soon spread leading to the stampede.
Those injured have now been shifted to Patna Medical College for treatment. NDRF teams are at the spot.
Soon after the tragedy, political parties indulged in blame game.
BJP leader Kirti Azad blamed the incident on the lack of proper evacuation plans at the site while Manoj Jha of the Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) accused the Bihar government of failing to manage large crowds during festivals and important occasions.
Janata Dal United (JDU) leader Ali Anwar, however, hit back saying this was not the time for politics. "All efforts should be towards rescue operations," he said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi sanctioned Rs 2 lakh for the next of the family members of those killed and Rs 50,000 for those injured in the stampede. He also spoke to Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi who was present at the site during the celebrations.
The Union Home Ministry sought a report from the state government which set up a high-level inquiry to probe the tragedy.
Those seeking information about loved ones can dial 0612-2219810. About 50 Voluntary blood donors are ready to help at Patna Medical College Hospital. They can be contacted on 9308393446.
31

Mumbaikars groove to the tunes ofPeople get tattoos made during Navratri festival by a specialist at the Big Boss salon at Borivali, in Mumbai. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
People play garba during Navratri festival at Sankalp Dandiya in Thane. (Praful Gangurde/HT photo)
People play garba during Navratri festival at Sankalp Dandiya in Thane. (Praful Gangurde/HT photo)
Woman plays garba during Navratri festival at Kora Kendra in Borivali, Mumbai.(Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
People play garba during Navratri festival at Kora Kendra in Borivali, Mumbai.(Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
People get tattoos made during Navratri festival by a specialist at the Big Boss salon at Borivali, in Mumbai. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
People play garba during Navratri festival at Kora Kendra in Borivali, Mumbai.(Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
Advertisement

Ebola fears hurt airlinesBy Jesse Solomon   @JesseSolomonCNN October 1, 2014: 11:45 AM ET
Concerns about Ebola getting worse has investors worried about airline stocks.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Ebola is on the move, and that doesn't bode well for transportation companies such as airlines.
Shares of the major carriers fell between 2% to 4% Wednesday after the Centers for Disease Control revealed late Tuesday that the first case of the virus has been confirmed in the United States.
Related: The fight against Ebola is grossly underfunded
The selling was broad based. JetBlue ( JBLU )and Southwest ( LUV ) were down even though neither company has a big presence overseas.
Of the U.S. airlines, United Continental ( UAL ) probably has the most exposure to Africa through its Star Alliance, according to Joe DeNardi, an airlines stock analyst at Stifel Nicolaus, but United's shares weren't any worse off than their large rivals American ( AAL ) and Delta ( DAL ).
American Airlines does have a large hub in Dallas, where the infected Ebola patient was identified, but the stock wasn't down any more than others.
Related: Labor gets rare South win at American Airlines
"I think it's a general concern that people are going to start traveling less if this gets worse," DeNardi said. "There's no discrimination between international and domestic."
DeNardi noted that up until this point, airlines were largely spared from concerns about Ebola. But now, he says Wall Street is wagering that if the virus spreads further in the United States, people's travel decisions are going to change.
 
Ebola crisis: World Bank pledges $400M
To be sure, airlines have had quite the run this year thanks to an improving economy, higher fares, and overall consolidation in the industry. Southwest has taken off almost 75% while its competitors are all up 20% to 35%.
But airlines weren't alone in their Ebola travel misery Wednesday.
Priceline ( PCLN , Tech30 ) and Expedia ( EXPE )also took a bit of hit, with shares of the two discount travel sites down around 1.5% and 2% each, respectively.
First Published: October 1, 2014: 11:41 AM ET
Most Popular

Argentina s central bank chief resignsArgentina's central bank chief resigns
By Melvin Backman   @CNNMoney October 1, 2014: 6:33 PM ET
Juan Carlos Fabrega's old workplace
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The head of Argentina's central bank, Juan Carlos Fabrega, resigned Wednesday after less than a year in office, according to the president's press secretary.
President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has accepted the resignation. Argentina's Merval stock index fell more than 8% on the news.
Kirchner appointed Fabrega in November. Before that, he was at the state-controlled Banco de la Nacion Argentina. His replacement will be Alejandro Vanoli, head of Argentina's National Securities Commission, which regulates the country's capital markets.
Related: I went to Argentina and its currency crisis is no joke
Argentina has spent more than a decade battling with hedge funds seeking full payment on defaulted debts from 2001. Earlier this year, a U.S. judge told Argentina it had to pay up. Argentina has refused and instead defaulted on all its debts .
Its economy, blocked from international debt markets, has slowed and is now in recession. One of Fabrega's primary responsibilities was maintaining a good dollar rate for the Argentinian peso, which has steadily weakened this year after a January devaluation .
Elliott Management a fund on the other side of the debt dispute, was not immediately available for comment. Aurelius Capital Management, another fund battling with Argentina, declined to comment.
First Published: October 1, 2014: 6:26 PM ET
Most Popular

Surfer Loses Parts Of Both Arms In Shark Attackreddit
A shark attacked a surfer in Australia on Thursday, ripping off parts of both arms and damaging one of the man's legs, according to media reports.
The 23-year-old surfer, who has not been named, lost one arm from the elbow down and the other at the wrist in the attack , which was witnessed by his girlfriend, 7 News reported.
An Australian man suffers severe injuries to his arms and legs from a shark attack. https://t.co/KRoZIGJTbL pic.twitter.com/0cV5Z1RvvF
The surfer sustained “ quite severe trauma consistent with a shark attack ," a spokesman for St. John Ambulance told The Australian newspaper.
#WA man has lost both arms after #shark attack at #Esperance Beach. #FlyingDoctor are evacuating patient to Perth for treatment.
— Royal Flying Doctor (@RoyalFlyingDoc) October 2, 2014
The incident happened at about 11 a.m. local time at Wylie Bay near Esperance, on the southern coast of Western Australia.
Local officials say there has been increased shark activity in the area in recent weeks.
Officials say the beach will remain closed for the time being , and signs have been posted to keep people away.
Man suffers 'horrific' injuries in shark attack near Esperance, WA #Australia http://t.co/JA8wNSffAe pic.twitter.com/TMS8QkNO71
— Greg Barila (@GregBarila) October 2, 2014
Several hours after the attack, the shark believed responsible was caught.
Dept of fisheries have caught a white shark, believed to be the one involved in today's attack in Esperance. It will be killed. @WAtoday
— Chenée Marrapodi (@CheneeMarrapodi) October 2, 2014
Also on The Huffington Post
Close
World’s Worst Shark Attacks
of

LIC gets Rs 11 500 cr I-T refundLIC gets Rs 11,500 cr I-T refund
PTI
Policy holders to benefit
Mumbai, Oct 2:  
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has received more than Rs 11,500 crore in income tax refunds and a big chunk of the amount would be passed on to policyholders, an official said.
"We received I-T refunds in two tranches aggregating to more than Rs 11,500 crore, after winning a dispute with the I-T department at the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal (ITAT)," an LIC official, who wished not to be named, told PTI here today, adding that this refund happens to be the largest which the company has received so far.
This could not be ascertained with LIC Chairman S K Roy. A text message sent to him also remained unanswered.
In its order dated April 3, 2013, ITAT Mumbai had delivered a judgement in favour of LIC with respect to assessment years 2007-08, 2008-09 and 2009-10, the official said.
As a result of the above ITAT judgement, the LIC received a refund of Rs 4,190.19 crore for assessment years (AY) 2007-08 and 2009-10 on December 31, 2013. A refund for AY 2008-09 worth Rs 7,500 crore has been received by the LIC recently, the official said.
As per Section 26 of the LIC Act of 1956, 95 per cent of the surplus coming from I-T refunds ought to go to its policyholders, while the remaining 5 per cent has to be paid to the government in the form of dividend, after arriving at actuarial valuation at the close of the current fiscal year, the LIC official said.
LIC has paid advance income tax for the financial year 2013-14 (AY2014-15) to the tune of Rs 5,118.92 crore, as against Rs 4,323.99 crore in 2012-13 (AY2013-14).
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Adam Sandler NetflixAdam Sandler is headed to Netflix .
The comedy actor will star and produce in four feature films exclusively for the streaming service, Netflix announced -- bypassing the traditional movie distribution process.
“People love Adam’s films on Netflix and often watch them again and again. His appeal spans across viewers of all ages -- everybody has a favorite movie, everyone has a favorite line -- not just in the U.S. but all over the world,” Netflix Chief Content Officer Ted Sarandos said in a news release announcing the deal.
Sandler’s Happy Madison Productions will work alongside Netflix on the four films, according to the statement.
Sandler, 48, is known for comedies such as “Happy Gilmore,” “Billy Madison,” “The Wedding Singer” and “Grown Ups.” More serious efforts include “Punch-Drunk Love” and “Reign Over Me.” Sandler’s films have earned more than $2 billion at the box office.
His latest release, “Blended,” co-starring Drew Barrymore , was panned by critics and struggled in its opening over Memorial Day weekend. But, according to Box Office Mojo, it’s taken in more than $125 million worldwide against an estimated budget of $40 million.
Earlier this week, Netflix announced its first movie release, a sequel to the 2000 hit “Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon” set for August 2015 that will also appear in Imax theaters. Netflix has also made a mark in original television with series such as “House of Cards” and “ Orange Is the New Black .”

Sarita Devi says sorry but AIBA may slap harsh banSarita refused to accept her medal and instead walked up to Ji-Na and put it round her neck, much to the Korean boxer’s embarrassment. (Source: AP)
Written by Mihir Vasavda | Incheon | Posted: October 3, 2014 2:01 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 9:37 am
India boxer Sarita Devi has ‘apologised’ for her refusal to accept the bronze at the medal ceremony and for putting it around her Korean opponent’s neck, a senior member of the Indian contingent said on Thursday. However, it still isn’t clear if she would accept the bronze medal.
India’s Chef de Mission Adille Sumariwalla met senior Olympic Council of Asia (OCA) officials on Thursday morning and tried to convince them not to take harsh step against the boxer. Senior IOA officials have also begun back-channel talks with the International Boxing Association (AIBA), after it is learnt that they are mulling to enforce a life-ban on Sarita.
Sarita’s highly controversial defeat to Park Ji-Na on Tuesday had caused chaotic scenes with her husband scuffling with security and launching an expletives-laden tirade at the match officials.
On Wednesday, Sarita burst into tears as she walked to the podium with her arms folded and head down. She then refused to accept her medal and instead walked up to Ji-Na and put it round her neck, much to the Korean boxer’s embarrassment.
A source involved in the talks said Sarita met Sumariwalla on Thursday morning and is believed to have tendered a written apology. However, it could not be independently confirmed. The OCA will be handing over Sarita’s medal to Sumariwalla on Friday. “The Indian delegation attended the OCA working group hearing this morning and expressed regret over what happened at the medal ceremony. We told them it had happened in an emotional moment. The OCA has reinstated Sarita Devi as the bronze medal winner. The medal will come to us tomorrow (Friday) morning,” the source said.
India have also asked for a review of the bout by an independent panel appointed by OCA. Meanwhile, it is learnt that OCA may let off Sarita merely with a warning. However, AIBA is keen to take a drastic step.
Deputy secretary general of the Incheon Asian Games organising committee Son Cheon-taik criticised Sarita’s actions. “She needs to respect the official ruling and show sportsmanship. Her actions were not sportsman-like,” Son said. “The Olympic Council of Asia (OCA) is working on the review of the medal, whether or not to give it to her or confiscate it. So they are deciding what to do with it.”
India have also asked for a review of the bout by an independent panel appointed by OCA

Tremble  Sweat and Freeze: 5 Ways to Speak Without FearMany entrepreneurs, authors, healers, holistic practitioners, yoga teachers, consultants, coaches, and counselors, often deeply care about making a positive difference in the world.
And...
You're working hard to make a lucrative living transforming other people's lives with workshops, retreats and seminars. But it's often just not happening on a big enough scale.
You may feel held back by fear -- or the inability to fill seats and sell out your seminars . I'm going to address the fear factor first. Then give you a resource to pack your events with the right people who are devoted to learning from you. So you can get your words and wisdom out in the world to the people who want it.
Jerry Seinfeld once said:
"Speaking in front of a crowd is considered the number one fear of the average person. Number two, was death... This means, to the average person, if you have to be at a funeral, you would rather be in the casket than doing the eulogy."
He's cracking a joke, of course, but for many people... that joke hits awfully close to home.
Speaking to an audience -- whether it's on stage at a conference, behind the microphone at an event, on the radio, or on live TV -- can trigger feelings of dread and anxiety for so many people, and what it really boils down to is a fear of public humiliation and shame.
Many people, especially business owners, experts, teachers and speakers with a reputation to protect, would rather DIE than be perceived as an idiot, a fraud, or worst of all, accidentally HARM someone by providing the wrong information.
There's no doubt about it:
Fear is an intense emotion.
It can either motivate you to do your absolute best, or harm your performance, depending on what you DO with it.
Today, I'd like to share five strategies to help you use fear in a productive way, get calm and grounded, and make a powerful impression when you're speaking to an audience during workshop, seminar, retreat, or live event.
Here we go...
1. Role-play in real life situations.
If you're nervous about doing a presentation, you've got to PRACTICE. But not in a hypothetical scenario. In a REAL LIFE situation.
When young Mormons are getting trained for missionary work, they don't practice converting people in an online classroom. They practice in an actual living room -- which feels like the living rooms they'll be inside, once they are out in the world.
Flight attendants for Delta have to complete their training in a model airplane, complete with an inflatable emergency exit slide, simulating the exact experiences that they'll have to contend with in the air.
There's no substitute for role-playing and practicing in real life scenarios.
So, practice in the venue where you'll be speaking (or a close model of it). Bring all the appropriate props and equipment you'll be using (And don't forget a bottle of water and your reading glasses if you need them!). You'll want to know if you have a podium, how the chairs will be arranged, the acoustics in the room, the type of mic, video screen, shape of the stage. You'll want to know how to move to use the space with your body and voice given the confines of the setting.
And film yourself so you can smooth out any snafus, distracting quirks or nervous habits.
It can be uncomfortable to practice like this, especially if you're inexperienced. You may discover that you have a LOT of work to do! But it's far better to discover that BEFORE your big moment, NOT during it!
Don't deny yourself the invaluable experience of role-playing in real life situations.
The more you practice, the more confident you will become.
2. Refine, and yet again, refine.
You've probably heard of The 10,000 Hour Rule. It's the idea that if you practice something for 10,000 hours, you will become a master at your craft.
That's true, but not completely true.
As Daniel Goleman writes in his book Emotional Intelligence, it's not just about practicing, but reviewing, refining, tweaking and THEN practicing.
He says:
If you are a duffer at golf, say, and make the same mistakes every time you try a certain swing or putt, 10,000 hours of practicing that error will not improve your game. You'll still be a duffer, albeit an older one.
(A duffer, by the way, is "an incompetent or stupid person.")
So, don't just practice the same mistakes, over and over again.
And don't practice in isolation, without any feedback.
Practice with a partner. Like in my sound bite course we assign everyone a buddy. Course participants consistently say it's invaluable and they often have their buddies for years and even for life. One participant's sound bite buddy became her best friend. Your sound bite buddy will give you positive feedback. He will tell you what stood out and where his attention lapsed. Ask him specifically to write down what he remembers most while listening to your talk. Then, the not so easy part, ask, "Where did I lose you, where were you bored?"
Also, get feedback from professionals, from peers, and from people in your audience. When I taught regularly at The Learning Annex, I gave out a questionnaire at the end and asked people simply: What was most valuable? What was least valuable? I read every response after each workshop to discover the gold and the dross. Then at home I tweaked my talk--over and over again. Real mastery comes from reflecting on what you did right so you can keep it, and what's still not working, so that you can refine and get better.
This is SO important. In fact, when someone signs up for my communication training program, Your Signature Sound Bites , the very first thing I do is have them buddy up with a partner to practice their communication skills TOGETHER.
Getting partner feedback is part of the refinement process.
And the more you refine, the more your nerves will melt away...
3. Handle the logistics.
Often, when I ask my clients why they're so afraid of appearing in the media or public speaking, it's not the actual media appearance they're afraid of... it's all the little details and logistics that could go wrong, leading up to the experience. The same is true for speaking on stage, speaking at seminars, workshops, retreats and live events.
If you're afraid of oversleeping and missing your train... or having your skirt tucked up in your nylons, ... or having Siri misdirect you... or getting locked out of your venue... or leaving your laptop with all your notes at home... do whatever you need to do to handle those logistics, well ahead of time.
My second speech ever was to the National Speakers Association huge national conference and I was petrified. Here I was, a total newbie talking to all of these experienced public speakers at their biggest convention. The room was packed. And hot--because the air conditioning wasn't working. And neither was my microphone. I had to shout at hundreds of people staring up at me while walking up and down a narrow aisle. Also, I dropped all my note cards at the podium and had to put them back in order. (Always number them front an back!) Someone rushed to help. In the end we all had a great time (and I got several clients from it) because I made light about my inexperience and the situation.
The two great things about logistics going haywire are - you give your audience a chance to help you -- which they love. And you get the opportunity to create a real connection through your vulnerability. No one loves a perfectorama person. They much prefer you to be real and not hide your inevitable flaws.
Of course you want your event to go smoothly and to incorporate vulnerability and connection into your talk so you can relax and enjoy your audience. So, to minimize the angst make a pre-speech checklist with absolutely everything you're worried about. Write down every possible worst-case scenario... and handle them. Thinking about this and running through solutions in advance is actually a key skill that people who excel at making decisions have. So this practice will serve you will in future different mishaps.
It'll probably only take you an hour, tops, to get fully prepared... and your shoulders will finally sink down, at long last.
4. Inhale. Exhale.
Robert Heller once said: "Fear is excitement without breath."
That's quite true. There's a very fine line between feeling fearful and feeling excited.
Remembering to BREATHE can keep you on the right side of that line.
If you find that you struggle to breathe, or run out of breath, or feel like your words are getting choked up in your throat, there are many practices that can help you.
5. Use Calming Resources.
HA breathing comes from the ancient Hawaiian Huna tradition of wisdom and empowerment and is a form of deep breathing that calms the autonomic nervous system.
Eidetics , which is a combination of an ancient art with 21st century science is the fastest, most effective way to create long-lasting results. Eidetics pinpoints your key stuckpoints and leverages them to create rapid, deep breakthroughs.
EFT , or Emotional Freedom Technique, which is a practice of tapping your body at certain pressure points to relieve tension.
EMDR , which is short for Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing, a technique that has used been used with war veterans to heal trauma, and that many professionals and business people use for peak performance.
NeuroMastery , is another profound technique that can relieve fear and anxiety on the spot, allowing you to breathe deeply and speak powerfully.
And now that you're a little more relaxed about your presentation, here is the one (free) resource to fill your workshops, seminars and retreats.
For more from Susan Harrow go here .
Follow Susan Harrow on Twitter: www.twitter.com/soundbitesiren
More:

Second child thought to have been cured of HIV is now testing positive for the virusBy Ariana Eunjung Cha October 2 Follow @arianaeunjung
FILE: HIV medication. HIV medication
Disappointed researchers reported on Thursday that a second child thought to have been cured of HIV is showing signs of infection.
The patient, a boy born born at a hospital in Milan in December 2009, had only stopped treatment for two weeks when his viral load surged from being undetectable to 36,840 copies per mL.
The news was especially devastating because -- unlike the child in Mississippi who missed treatments because her mother did not bring her back to for followup visits -- doctors in this case stopped the anti-retrovirals on purpose.
The boy, who began receiving aggressive therapy within 12 hours of his birth, was being closely monitored and continued to test negative for HIV on even the most sensitive tests since he began treatment. Writing in this week's edition of the journal Lancet, his doctors said that at the time the child was around 3 years old, they determined that treatment might no longer be necessary, given the results and in view of "recent reports of apparent cure of HIV infection."
The Mississippi baby made headlines last fall when a study about her apparent cure was published in The New England Journal of Medicine. In a phone interview, Mario Clerici, a professor at the University of Milan and a co-author of the study, said the mother of the boy in the Lancet study read stories on the Internet about the Mississippi case and asked clinicians to stop her own child's therapy. HIV treatments can have a number of serious, long-term side effects, including damage to bones, liver and heart and she felt that if they could avoid subjecting her child to those risks they should, Clerici said.
"We had a long discussion and we also spoke with all our colleagues around the world, and we all said it looks like the Mississippi baby is cured, so let's do it. Unfortunately, it was not the reality," Clerici said.
One week after stopping treatment, the child still appeared to be cured, but two weeks later the child's viral load rebounded and the team restarted anti-retrovirals. By the third week, the boy's his viral load appeared to be under control and fell to low levels, but other tests for HIV turned positive. Clerici said the child's viral load has since returned to undetectable levels and that researchers are watching to see if the child will be able to clear all signs of the virus again with continued treatment.
In July, U.S. government researchers announced what Clerici and his colleagues already feared -- that the Mississippi baby had also not been cured. In a routine clinical visit, researchers found that girl, who was nearly 4 years old at the time and had been off of treatment for more than two years, had detectable levels of the virus.
A third baby who was thought to be cured and who was born near Los Angeles has not stopped treatment and remains free of the virus. Scientists now believe that reservoirs of HIV may be hiding in the body even when the virus appears to be gone, but can't be detected by current testing methods.
 
Ariana Eunjung Cha is a national reporter for the Post. She has previously served as the newspaper’s bureau chief in Beijing, Shanghai and San Francisco, a correspondent in Baghdad and as a tech reporter based in Washington.

Asian Games 2014: How India turned a corner in hockeySardar Singh & Co. came into the Asian Games as one of the favourites for the gold medal alongside South Korea. (Source: AP)
Written by Mihir Vasavda | Incheon | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:58 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 9:16 am
For once, India lived up to the hype. And for once, they have managed to handle the pressure gracefully. But this Indian team is starting to do things in a manner unlike the ones that have played in the past.
Sardar Singh & Co. came into the Asian Games as one of the favourites for the gold medal alongside South Korea. Their nearest rivals Pakistan hadn’t played competitive hockey for almost a year coming into the Asian Games.
But India have made a habit of crumbling under pressure. In that sense, Thursday’s encounter against Pakistan was a bigger test for India’s mental strength, especially after losing to them in the group stage.
Pakistan opened the scoring in the third minute through Muhammad Rizwan Senior, much to the delight of the local Pakistani contingent in the stands. Just when it appeared that India would once again choke on the big stage, they turned the game around in style. They levelled the scores in the 27th minute via Kothajit Singh and though India continued to remain the dominant side for the remainder of the match, they failed to score the winner.
However, even during the intense pressure of the tie-breakers, India looked calm. Eventually, PR Sreejesh made two saves off Muhammad Butta and Abdul Khan to end India’s long wait for an Asian Games gold. But even before the team would step on the podium to accept their medals, chief coach Terry Walsh sounded out warning against complacency. “We need to be a little cautious with our celebrations,” said Walsh. “We should not sit back and we must understand that this not the end. We have work towards new goals.”
India had earlier won in 1966 and 1998, while Pakistan had won the title eight times in the past, including in 2010 at Guangzhou. “Pakistan played the old style of hockey, but we played the modern game. That was the difference. Our players stayed mentally alert throughout. Playing with only passion is not enough. In our coaching group we have some real experience (to handle this),” he added.
Much of this victory can be attributed to the Australian’s planning and implementation. Under him, the team has shown gradual, but notable, improvement in key aspects of the game which were previously neglected.
The key difference between the India of Michael Nobbs and India of Walsh has been the rhythm of the team. Under Nobbs, India became one of the fittest sides in world hockey. But that strength wasn’t channelized in the right direction. The players were often caught out of position and ran aimlessly quite a few times. Basics like trapping and passing were a problem even though Nobbs’ predecessor Jose Brasa had worked continued…

Four hawkers mowed to death in Patna after brake failurePrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Posted: October 3, 2014 10:42 am
Four hawkers were mowed to death by car at Phulwarisharif, Patna early on Friday. Police said the accident took place after the car brakes failed.
The accident took place at around 4 am when an Indica Car ran over four hawkers, including a woman, near Mahavir Cancer Institute at Phulwarisharif. One person was also injured in the accident.
Patna Senior Superintendent of Police Manu Maharaj told The Indian Express: “It was an accident after brakes failed. It was not case of drunken driving. The car was moving at normal speed, but the driver could not control the car from going sideways”. The four accident victims died on the way to the hospital.
The SSP said the police had detained the car driver. He added four-wheelers had not been plying through pandal routes for last two days. The route on which the accident took place was the main link road to NH 30.

Why Narendra Modi said thank you to NRIsHome »   Opinion
Why Narendra Modi said thank you to NRIs
Trading nations of the West do not take ethical decisions lightly, but pro-Modi NRIs were able to persuade them to rescind their boycott in light of what was projected as reason—pure business
Markets temper expectations on infrastructure sector
Western government leaders, used to the quietness of Manmohan Singh, are yet to warm to the strident style of Narendra Modi, with its attendant fashion statements and fandom.  Photo: PTI
This week, Prime Minister Narendra Modi thanked the Indian diaspora in his own way—with some gifts to take away. He had been considering their particular demands, he told a crowd of some 18,000 wildly cheering people of Indian origin in New York’s Madison Square Garden indoor arena, and this is what he had to offer:
• Holders of Person of Indian Origin (PIO) cards would be given an Indian visa for life: At the moment, PIO card holders are given a 15-year visa (i.e., for the life of the card), so the new measure means never having to queue up for visas at Indian embassies or high commissions. This lifelong visa is currently granted only to holders of Overseas Citizen of India (OCI) cards. “We’ll give PIO card holders lifetime visas,” he told the non-resident Indians (NRIs). “Happy?” They clearly were.
• Holders of PIO cards visiting or staying in India for lengthy periods would no longer be required to report to a local police station every six months to “register” themselves.
• The PIO and OCI cards will be merged. Apparently, this is aimed at addressing a particular problem with the OCI card. If an OCI card holder has a foreign spouse, then the spouse is eligible to apply for an OCI card “if he/she is eligible in his/her own capacity”, according to the Indian home ministry. That means that while OCI card holders can visit India whenever they want to and stay for as long as they want to, the poor foreign-born, non-Indian origin spouse cannot do that. The PIO card is more liberal in this respect.
“Any person who is a spouse of an Indian citizen or of a person of Indian origin (except Afghanistan, Bhutan, Bangladesh, China, Nepal, Pakistan and Sri Lanka) and has been married for more than one year” is eligible for a PIO card.
So, clearly, what the government has done is to take the best from both schemes with the idea of merging them into one. What that means in practical terms is hard to say at this point. Hopefully, it won’t mean the offer of yet another card, because that would just create more bureaucracy in order to cut down on some. Rather, what would be useful is for the Indian foreign and home ministries to sit down together and merge the benefits offered by the two schemes so people can continue to hold on to their existing cards without having to go through the excruciating process of filling out an application in triplicate.
The two cards (which are paid for) entitle their holders to roughly the same sorts of benefits. The exercise will, however, need careful collation of data and close coordination between the two important wings of the government.
Modi’s offer falls well short of what many NRIs have been demanding for decades—i.e., dual nationality. And while he may have put his own finishing touches to the new scheme, the whole idea actually predates his National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government. It was the previous United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government that introduced a Bill to merge the two cards.
Having said that, the visiting Indian prime minister, rising in the glory of an evening at Madison Square Garden and an adulating audience hanging on to his every word, sold the scheme like he owned it. He badly needed to do this because NRIs—the Indian diaspora, the holders of those two precious cards mentioned above and non-holders alike—have been key to helping him take a star turn in the West. That part of the world, remember, shunned him for a decade, implicitly blaming him for doing nothing to stop the 2002 anti-Muslim riots in Gujarat.
It is Gujaratis—and Gujarati immigrants primarily—who have been behind moves to rehabilitate Modi in the West. Working with political parties and government officials in Europe and America, these sections have allowed their money to talk, drawing on the immense financial power of Gujarati and other NRI businesses. To be sure, there always was a section within the governments in Europe and America who felt the official boycott of Modi, the refusal to issue him a visa, was unjustified and, perhaps, even unfair.
Trading nations of the West do not take ethical decisions lightly, but pro-Modi NRIs were able to persuade them to rescind their boycott in the light of what was projected as reason—the reason of pure business if you like. Gujarat was the economic powerhouse of emerging India, the argument ran. Just look at the foreign investments it has continued to draw in spite of your silly boycott. Come and be a part of the action, and invite Modi, or be left out in your recessionary chill.
Modi has every reason to be grateful to this section of NRIs. Drawn primarily from the same wellspring of Hindu-based ideas that shaped the young Modi’s mind in Gujarat, they comprise second-generation “believers” whose parents came over to the West from Kenya and other east African nations, as well as more recent immigrants from India, such as information technology (IT) workers, who have settled in Europe and America. Although many of them probably do not have a vote back in India, they are a very important political constituency for the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
Western government leaders, used to the quietness of Manmohan Singh , are yet to warm to the strident style of Modi, with its attendant fashion statements and fandom. This makes the bridging role of the Indian diaspora all the more important to India.
This became evident when Indian officials started emphasizing “people to people” relations over political ties with the US even before Modi’s trip had begun.
Hence, Modi’s visa concessions for NRIs, as if to tell them “I’ll never do to you, what your governments did to me”.

Hrithik Roshan s  Bang Bang  box office collections fail to ink record but beat Salman Khan s  KickHrithik Roshan's 'Bang Bang' 5th biggest opener of all-time at Rs 27.54 cr
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 04 2014, 07:28  IST
Oct 04 2014, 07:28  IST
 

Wilson rooting for GriffinBy Mike Jones October 3 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Russell Wilson (3) has continued to flourish as an NFL quarterback since meeting Robert Griffin III and the Redskins in the playoffs his rookie year, and last season led Seattle to its first Super Bowl victory. (Paul Sancya/Associated Press)
In 2012, Robert Griffin III and Russell Wilson both orchestrated impressive rookie seasons, as they used their arms, legs and craftiness to befuddle defenses.
They appeared headed toward a rivalry of sorts, as they led their teams to the playoffs and faced each other in the first round at FedEx Field. But since that game, the two have seen their careers go in opposite directions.
Griffin tore ligaments in his knee during that game and spent last season trying to regain his explosiveness and command while the Washington Redskins slogged through a 3-13 campaign. Wilson’s Seahawks won that game, and the following year, he led Seattle to victory in the Super Bowl.
Griffin aimed to get back on track this season, but in Week 2, he dislocated his left ankle and now finds himself rehabbing once again while hoping to return to action later this season.
Wilson, meanwhile, remains impressive, owning the third-best quarterback rating in the league while leading Seattle to a 2-1 start. He looks to lead his team to another victory while Griffin will have to watch Kirk Cousins fill in for him.
Wilson said he finds himself rooting for his counterpart. He doesn’t have a strong relationship with Griffin, but he wants to see him bounce back from his latest injury and succeed in the NFL.
“We’ve talked a couple times. I root for him, man,” Wilson said in a conference call. “I want nothing but the best for anybody, but for him, especially the quarterback. There’s only so many guys who can play in the National Football League and play the quarterback position, and so you always root for those guys.”
Wilson added, “And so, for me, I’m just praying he gets back healthy, and I know he will. I know he’s a dedicated guy and a guy who loves to play the game, and so hopefully he’ll continue to come back stronger.”
Mike Jones covers the Washington Redskins for The Washington Post. When not writing about a Redskins development of some kind – which is rare – he can be found screaming and cheering at one of his kids’ softball, baseball, soccer or basketball games.

With Warrior Games  military brings wounded troops togetherBy Dan Lamothe October 3 Follow @danlamothe
Hospital Corpsman 1st Class Jamie Sclater swims to gold in his division of the 50-meter breaststroke event finals during the U.S. military’s 2014 Warrior Games in Colorado Springs, Colo. (Photo by EJ Hersom/U.S. Navy)
Hospital Corpsman 1st Class Jamie Sclater has been in some of the scariest places on earth since joining the U.S. military in 2003, deploying to Afghanistan three times and Iraq once while serving as corpsman who provides medical care to fellow service members.
His body is falling apart, however. While preparing to join a U.S. Special Operations unit, he sustained what he thought was a right leg injury. Eventually, he learned it actually was a spinal cord injury that sidelined him and requires surgery soon.
“I’ve come to the conclusion that it was wear and tear over time,” said Sclater, who grew up in Annandale, Va.
The sailor, nearly 35, is one of about 200 military athletes competing this week in the 2014 Warrior Games in Colorado Springs, Colo. In its fifth year, the competition pits teams of about 40 athletes against each other in sports ranging from archery to wheelchair basketball to swimming. Each military service and U.S. Special Operations Command has a team.
“My teammates, they’ve been epic,” said Sclater, who competes for the Marine Corps after spending years deployed alongside its infantrymen. “I’ve gotten to know them on a whole other level, and there is nowhere else I would rather be right now than being out here competing with these guys.”
The games have had a strong presence on social media, where a number of powerful photographs have been posted. The closing ceremonies will be held Saturday at the Air Force-Navy game at the Air Force Academy in Colorado.
Motivating pic of USMC athletes singing Marines’ Hymn at #WarriorGames2014 | By @mikemorones http://t.co/ffwe3wVnAB pic.twitter.com/TTNdtlRLAb
— Andrew deGrandpre (@adegrandpre) October 1, 2014
It’s amazing to be in Colo. Springs during #WarriorGames2014 ! Great job on the hardwood Air Force! #determination pic.twitter.com/byk0OWGemx

Renzi to abide by EU deficit rulesMatteo Renzi says Berlin has no right to lecture its partners
By James Politi in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/910e5dc8-4ad7-11e4-b1be-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ukraine crisis divides Latvian votersUkraine crisis highlights divisions among Latvian voters
By Richard Milne
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cd235fce-48b2-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cohen (of Cohen v. California) comes back to the courthouse  complains about the long waitWell, kind of. From State v. Perez (Ill. App. Ct. Oct. 1, 2014) :
Respondent, Valerie Perez, was in traffic court waiting to appear on a speeding ticket. When the court took a recess, respondent exited the courtroom and was overheard by a bailiff saying, “I waited all fucking morning and now she takes a break.” After the bailiff relayed the comment to the court, the trial judge returned to the bench and instructed the State to prepare and file a petition for contempt…. After finding respondent guilty of indirect criminal contempt, the court sentenced respondent to serve eight days in custody.
The appellate court reversed the conviction:
In this case, the trial judge found “the words that were used were very disrespectful to what I try to do here each and every day.” … Based on the judge’s remark, it appears the court found respondent intended to embarrass the judge or bring her method of the administration of the law into disrepute.
Viewing respondent’s words in the light most favorable to the State, we are unable to conclude the evidence proved respondent intended to embarrass the judge, since respondent did not communicate this statement directly to the judge or identify the judge by name while in the hallway. In addition, the bailiff’s testimony established respondent did not use profanity when referring to the judge as “she.” Instead, respondent complained the respondent was tired of waiting all “f * * * morning.” [Expurgation in original. -EV] Since the bailiff testified respondent entered the hallway after the court recessed, at 11:30 a.m., there seems to be an element of truthfulness to respondent’s declaration and verbalized frustration. These remarks about the additional delay resulting from the recess may constitute protected speech under the first amendment. See New York Times Co. v. Sullivan, 376 U.S. 254, 272–73 (1964) (“[T]his Court has held that concern for the dignity and reputation of the courts does not justify the punishment as criminal contempt of criticism of the judge or his decision.”)….
Consequently, viewing the evidence in the light most favorable to the State after considering the multiple ways a respondent may commit indirect criminal contempt, we conclude the State’s evidence did not establish respondent was guilty of indirect criminal contempt beyond a reasonable doubt.
For those who don’t get the (very slight) joke in the blog title, see Cohen v. California (1971) .
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Only Shiv Sena has right to take decisions on Maharashtra culture  peopleE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Maharashtra to see parties fight alone after 25 yrs |  Harbour no grouse against SoniaMaharashtra to see parties 'fight alone' after a quarter century
PTI Oct 3, 2014, 05.43PM IST
Tags:
BJP
(The last time Shiv Sena and…)
MUMBAI: The October 15 elections for the 288-member Maharashtra Assembly will be the first in over quarter of a century when major political parties will slug it out in the poll arena sans erstwhile alliance partners.
The last time Shiv Sena and BJP fought separately was before 1989 - the year their alliance was sealed and for Congress and NCP, it was before 1999 the year the Sharad Pawar-led party was formed.
The five main parties in fray - Congress, Shiv Sena, BJP, NCP and MNS -- are vying for votes and all of them are claiming to get majority on their own, without the need of post-poll alliances.
"If the Raj Thackeray-led MNS eats into Shiv Sena votes, then there is a possibility that BJP may emerge as the single largest party, followed by Sena, Congress and NCP in the order," according to political analyst Surendra Jondhale.
"The poll campaign has just begun. Let us see how it develops. It is too early to predict an outcome at this moment," Jondhale, a professor at the Mumbai University, told PTI.
He said this election will provide each party an opportunity to expand their political base and also to identify their social base.
"We will also see a demarcation of urban and rural voters, a pattern will emerge on the issues that what voters in these belts feel," he said.
Four issues -- Marathi identity, Hindutva, corruption and development -- will be the major ones around which this election would be centred, Jondhale said.
"Prime Minister Narendra Modi is yet to come and address poll rallies. We will know the impact of the 'Modi wave' after he addresses public rallies," he said adding, as far as political aspirations are concerned, voters are waiting for Modi to justify and deliver on his poll promises during Lok Sabha elections.
The concepts of political fidelity and party ideology were losing out to the lure of political interests and ambitions, as seen from the massive defections from various parties in last few days, Jondhale said.
A look at the Assembly elections after the Sena-BJP alliance was sealed in 1989 shows that the Bal Thackeray-Pramod Mahajan combine was bang on target in forging the tieup as the saffron partners went on to bag power in 1995.
In the 1990 polls, Congress had won 141, Sena 52 and BJP 42. Sharad Pawar was elected the chief minister.
In the 1995 polls, Congress won 80, Sena 73 and BJP 65 and Sena leader Manohar Joshi was elected the chief minister.
Congress went on to win highest of 75 seats in the 1999 polls, followed by NCP which won 58 seats, Sena 69 and BJP 56. Congress leader Vilasrao Deshmukh was elected chief minister.
Success was repeated by Congress in 2004 and 2009 state assembly polls as well where it won 69 and 82 seats respectively. In 2004, NCP had won 71 and Sena 62. Vilasrao Deshmukh was elected the chief minister.
In 2009 polls, NCP won 62, Sena 45 and BJP 46. Ashok Chavan of Congress was elected the chief minister.
A top functionary in the Prithviraj Chavan-led government said that it is difficult to guess which party will forge ahead as this is the first time in so many years that the voters will have to back an individual party rather than an alliance.
FEATURED ARTICLES

7 inventors that actually re-invented the wheelBy Tuan C. Nguyen October 3
(Shark Wheel)
David Patrick was toying with some modular tubes when he started to suspect that wheels, in their perfectly cylindrical iterations, may not be as optimized as it seems. That’s because the object he had in his hand, which he described as a helix cube-like shape, appeared to roll remarkably fast whenever he dropped it on the ground. 
Patrick, a software engineer who happens to be an avid skateboarder, would later go on to turn his discovery into a replacement wheel for skateboards that he claims spins “faster than the traditional wheel,” which he attributes to its sine wave pattern. A wheel that rolls in an undulating manner, he explains, reduces the amount of surface area that comes in contact with the ground. And less surface contact equals less friction. At the same time, it’s still wide enough to establish a good grip. 
Patricks’s pitch sounded quite convincing. A Kickstarter campaign to bring his “Shark Wheel” to the masses ended successfully on July 2013, to the tune of $80,000. 
A blogger at Physics Central, however, found some of the product’s claims  to be rather dubious . In a post titled “Reinventing the wheel,” the writer disputed the notion that the Shark Wheel’s reduced contact area contributes to increases in speed since that aspect depends “almost solely on the quality of the bearing within that wheel.” The writer also added that the wheels needed to undergo independent testing to validate some of the Shark Wheel’s main selling points.       
Whether the claims hold up in the long run is anyone’s guess. A preliminary test by Longboard Technology determined that while the product performed fine, it would take some time to know whether the design conferred any actual benefits over traditional wheels.
At the very least, the Shark Wheel, in all its squiggly glory, has shown that even the most timeless ideas may not be as infallible as they seem.  Here are a few others that have shown that, despite the old adage, wheels, like anything else, can be evolved.
(Ackeem Ngwenya/Roadless Project)
2. For shifting terrains, a shape-shifting tire
At its most basic form, wheels are particularly well-suited for traveling along flat, even surfaces. And though such ideal conditions hardly exist in the real world, city-dwellers can typically get by on paved roads with a standard set of tires. The situation, however, is vastly more problematic for those in less-developed regions where routes often traverse through a host of shifting terrain — from rugged, rocky patches to slippery roads.
For this, Ackeem Ngwenya, a student at Royal College of Art in London, has proposed “ Roadless ,” a new kind of wheel concept that changes shape to adapt to changing conditions. Using a series of adjustable interlaced spokes, the tire can be widened out for enhanced grip and stability along bumpier surfaces or narrowed to decrease the tire’s contact with the ground, making it better suited for high-speed driving.   
So far, the Malawian native has pieced together a rudimentary prototype and also launched an Indiegogo campaign to raise funds for the project. Though his crowd-funding efforts ultimately fell short, Ngwenya was recently awarded a $15,000 grant from the Shuttleworth foundation to further the development of an all-season wheel.   
Credit: Morph Wheel
3. Folding wheel that fits in your gym bag 
Though compact folding bikes have been around since the late 1800s, the large wheel was the one component that designers couldn’t quite figure out how to collapse down to size. So it shouldn’t be too surprising then that the world’s smallest folding bicycle, the Kwiggle , which measures 19.6 x 15.7 x 9.8 inches, comes with puny wheels that top out at eight inches. 
Solving this very dilemma was what Duncan Fitzsimons had in mind initially when he began experimenting with early prototypes for a wheel that could be folded down just as easily. Along the way, the London-based industrial designer came to the realization that the need for space-saving parts was perhaps even greater among disabled people, since they would often rely on both wheelchairs and mass transportation to get around.   
With that in mind, Fitzsimons would later partner with medical equipment manufacturer Maddak to perfect the Morph Wheel. The wheel’s frame and rubber tire can be detached, tucked into a bag and stashed inside overhead compartment bins. A pair of Morph Wheels retails on the company web site for $950 . 
(SadaBike)
4. Hub-less wheels aren’t just for looks
Sleek and minimalist, the hub-free wheel has a kind of gloriously futuristic quality that seems to really speak to designers and sci-fi aficionados alike. Functionally, though, the design offers relatively few advantages. 
Italian designer Gianluca Sada, however, has a more practical rationale for going with the hollowed approach. His foldable Sadabike prototype was conceived in a manner as to allow the wheels to be removed and slipped into slots located along the lining of a custom-made elastic bag. The frame can then be folded down to the size of an umbrella and stored inside the bag. 
The concept has shown, at the very least, that the kind of ride quality hobbyists have come to expect from a full-sized bicycle equipped with an aluminum alloy frame and 26-inch wheels needn’t be compromised for the sake of portability. While only a prototype, Sada aims to launch a consumer version of the Sadabike by 2015.     
(Michelin)
5. A tire that never goes flat
The creation of an “airless tire” has become something of a holy grail in the tire business. 
Leading the way is the well-publicized Michelin “ Tweel ,” a rubber tread tire that’s reinforced by a hub system comprised of an outer rim and a series of bendable polyurethane spokes. Like pneumatic systems, the unique structure is designed to support the weight of the vehicle while also being flexible enough to absorb shock. 
Other similar prototypes include Bridgestone’s airless tyre , a honeycomb spoke design , developed by Wisconsin-based Resilient Technologies, and an all-polyurethane version called the i-Flex .  
So does this spell the end of flat tires? Not exactly. While the designs handle well at low speeds, they aren’t nearly as smooth on highways. Traveling above 50 mph generates a considerable degree of vibration and noise as the spokes bend and twist. The flexing also increases friction and heat, which can damage the tire. 
Recently though, Michelin has alluded to a breakthrough that’s allowed them to resolve these limitations . But for now, the company is only selling the heavy-duty X-Tweel SSL model for commercial vehicles used on site for landscaping, contracting and other construction projects. There’s no word yet on the availability of a version for consumer vehicles. 
6. Tires that inflate themselves = one less thing to worry about
In 2012, tire manufacturer Good Year announced plans to test a self-inflating tire system for commercial trucks and cars — yes, cars. It was big news considering that while similar technologies has been around for some time, it’s virtually unheard of outside of military and commercial vehicles applications.
Here’s how the self-regulating system works: Inside the tire is an internal sensor that detects when the air pressure drops. Whenever that happens, a side valve opens and to allow air from the outside to enter. As the tire rolls along the road, the inner stresses of produced by an under-inflated tire pushes the air into the pneumatic tube until an optimal level is reached. 
At the time, Good Year was planning to field test the technology in beginning in 2013 and hasn’t reported any progress since. PumpTire , a start-up in Zurich, is also developing a similar system for bicycles. 
Credit: Wow Bikes/W Hotel
7. Wheels of steel can be tough and springy
For a bolder take on a maintenance-free wheel, check out the WOW Bike. Not only does the eccentric creation do away with pneumatic air pressure, it doesn’t need a tire either. What you have instead is an all-metal wheel made of cleverly meshed sprung steel. 
To construct the wheel, designer Ron Arad bent individual strips of steel according to a strategic pattern and pinned them together at certain tension points. This allows the steel to form curves that cushion one another and provide proper ride support. They’re also built larger than conventional wheels to compensate for the material’s high degree of flexibility. 
The bike was on display at the W Hotel back in 2011, with guests given the option to take the art piece out for a test spin. So how does it ride? Marcus Hearst, the director of the design at Arad’s firm, told Fast Company that it’s a “surprisingly comfortable” ride, especially at faster speeds.

Asian Games 2014: Sri Lanka defeat Afghanistan to take gold in cricketSri Lanka's  Lahiru Thirimanna bats during their men's final Twenty20 cricket match against Afghanistan in Incheon on Friday. (Source: Reuters)
Reuters | Incheon | Posted: October 3, 2014 6:15 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 6:22 pm
Sri Lanka crushed Afghanistan by 68 runs to win the gold medal in the men’s Twenty20 cricket event at the Asian Games on Friday.
Unlike the previous day, when Sri Lanka won a coin toss to get into the gold medal match after their semi-final with Bangladesh was washed out, luck played no part in the final.
With a strong squad featuring three members of the team that won this year’s Twenty20 World Cup, Sri Lanka were too experienced and streetwise for their Afghan opponents.
Although they struggled with the bat, losing their last nine wickets for just 54 runs to be dismissed for 133 in their last over, Sri Lanka’s bowlers had no problems on a lively pitch.
They ripped through the opposition batting lineup in less than 18 overs, as Afghanistan crumbled to be all out for just 65.
Afghanistan made a bright start, reaching 20 without loss,  before the wheels suddenly fell off. Opener Najeeb Tarakai top scored with 17 but only two others made double figures.
Sri Lanka captain Lahiru Thirimanne top scored for his team with 57 off just 37 balls, hitting seven boundaries and one towering six, as his country captured its first gold medal at the Asian Games, in any sport, since 2002.
“This is a great feeling, because this is our first gold medal since 2002,” said Thirimanne.
“These type of tournaments are good for our young emerging players. This will be a good platform for them.
“I think we’ll win gold in the next Asian Games as well.”
The pick of the Afghanistan bowlers was their captain  Mohammad Nabi, who took four wickets for 18 runs with his off-spinners.
Like many of his team mates, Nabi was born in a refugee camp in neighbouring Pakistan during the occupation by the Soviet Union in the 1980s.
It was in those camps that many of the Afghan players first learnt the game of cricket. When they returned home in the 1990s, they took the game with them and set up a national team that has been slowly but steadily improving.
Four years ago, Afghanistan took the silver at the last Asian Games, confirming their emergence in a sport the country only embraced through war.
They have played in each of the last three Twenty20 World Cups and have qualified for the first time for the 50-over World Cup, to be played in Australia and New Zealand in early 2015.
Last year, the International Cricket Council formally recognised their improvement by granting Afghanistan associate member status.
NO REGRETS
Had they won the gold, Afghanistan’s players would have been rewarded with a brand new car but Nabi said they had no regrets about finishing second.
“This is a good sign for us, another silver medal is good,” Nabi said.
“This is a young team so we’re really happy to take the silver medal.We started really well with our bowling but our batting let continued…
But this was a really good preparation for the World Cup. Things are going well and hopefully we can take something from this

CCTVs at tkt reservation centres to foil black-marketingCCTVs at tkt reservation centres to foil black-marketing
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 3:  
To prevent black—marketing of tickets, Railways is installing CCTV cameras at all the major reservation centres across the country and has deputed Commercial Inspectors to monitor its footage, as suggested by the Central Vigilance Commission.
Acting on a complaint regarding tickets being sold by touts at certain reservation counters of Northern Railway, CVC has suggested “CCTV cameras must be installed and should be in a working condition all the time at the reservation centres on 24x7 basis.”
Instructions have been issued to all zones to ensure compliance of CVC suggestions regarding CCTV cameras, said a senior Railway Ministry official.
Despite several measures by railways, the tout menace at ticket counters is a constant problem being faced by the national transporter.
Commercial Inspectors of Railways will be now deputed to monitor the footage of CCTVs during peak hours and also on daily basis.
“These Inspectors will submit their reports to a nominated senior officer and will bring any abnormality to the notice of the official for taking necessary action,” said the senior Railways official.
The official said CCTV cameras are being installed at all major reservation counters and footage is regularly examined.
“More CCTV will be installed where it has not been installed and directives will be complied fully.”
CVC has also suggested CCTV footage should be regularly examined and used as “better preventive vigilance tool“.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

M&A deals up 16.5% to $26.1 bn in Jan-SeptHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
M&A deals up 16.5% to $26.1 bn in Jan-Sept
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 3:  
Mergers and acquisitions involving domestic companies jumped to the highest level since 2011 to $26.1 billion during the first nine months this year.
The amount is up 16.5 per cent from the year—ago period.
During the first three quarters of 2011, the domestic M&A market had stood at $34.5 billion, according to the data collated by Thomson Reuters.
The average M&A deal size climbed to $75.2 million in the January—September period, against $63.1 million a year ago as most deals were in the $500 million—plus range.
Out of this, domestic deals accounted for $11.1 billion due to Sun Pharmaceutical’s pending acquisition of Ranbaxy for $4.1 billion. The deal pushed the healthcare sector to capture 40.3 per cent of domestic deal activity.
However, total cross—board M&As plunged 40.2 per cent to $10.7 billion from the last year levels as both inbound and outbound activity declined. While inbound deals fell 24.6 per cent, outbound deals plummeted 70.2 per cent over the same period last year.
Total worth of completed deals amounted to $21.6 billion, up by 3.6 per cent to $22.4 billion in 2013.
Healthcare deals topped the deal street in market share with 23.2 per cent at $6.1 billion, an increase of 145.8 per cent increase from the first nine of 2013, making it the highest since 2008 when it stood at $6.2 billion.
Energy and power sector followed next with 14.4 per cent of the deals at $3.7 billion, but down to 39.8 per cent from the same period last year.
Technology, media, and telecom sector together managed a market share of 16.7 per cent at $4.3 billion from the first nine months of 2013, up by 35 per cent.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Western firms prefer Indian executives for language and expertiseE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Protests continue in TN against Jaya conviction; 12-hr bandh in Puducherry tomorrowSupporters hold candles as they protest against J Jayalalitha's conviction in a disproportionate assets case by Bangalore court in Coimbatore on Friday. (Source: PTI Photo)
Press Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: October 3, 2014 7:37 pm | Updated: October 4, 2014 7:33 am
Protests continued across Tamil Nadu on Friday against the conviction of AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa in the disproportionate assets case and the party’s Puducherry unit has decided to observe a “ dawn-to-dusk” bandh in the Union Territory on Saturday.
Many shops were shut in Kancheepuram, Erode, Dharmapuri and Villupuram districts, among others, even as “Amma” (as Jayalalithaa is popularly known) loyalists conducted special prayers at temples, churches and mosques in different places, seeking divine intervention for her release from a Bangalore prison.
Police said no untoward incidents were reported from anywhere in the state.
IADMK supporters protest against the AIADMK chief Supremo J Jayalalitha’s conviction.
In Kancheepuram, a section of fisherfolk did not venture into the sea while party supporters tonsured their heads at Sholinganallur in the district as a mark of protest.
A human chain protest was held at Madurai even as party workers observed fast in many places including Pudukottai, Erode, Dharmapuri, Chennai, Krishnagiri and Kancheepuram.
The party proposed a day-long fast by its MLAs at the memorial of AIADMK founder M G Ramachandran (MGR) at the Marina beach here on Saturday even as cable operators loyal to AIADMK mulled suspending operations on Saturday.
The party’s Puducherry unit has called for a 12-hour bandh in all four regions of the Union Territory — Pondicherry, Karaikal, Mahe and Yanam — on Saturday to protest the “false case” imposed against Jayalalithaa.
AIADMK’s Uppalam town secretary A Ravindran told reporters that the bandh would commence from 6 AM.

Unmukt Chand  Amit Mishra power India A to win against West IndiesPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 3, 2014 7:30 pm
Veteran leg-spinner Amit Mishra and talented youngster Unmukt Chand put up impressive performances as India A made short work of the touring West Indies side in the first of the two warm-up one dayers in Mumbai on Friday.
It wasn’t the ideal practice session for the visitors as they were bundled out for a paltry 148 runs in 38.1 overs at the Brabourne Stadium. Chasing a paltry target of 149, India A surpassed the target in only 25.3 overs with Unmukt Chand scoring unbeaten 79 off 81 balls with 11 fours and two sixes.
While bowling first, Mishra produced a brilliant spell of leg-break bowling grabbing three for 26 in 10 overs.
The 31-year-old Delhi bowler went through the defences of skipper Kieron Pollard (2), Darren Sammy (0) with his googlies and also cleaned up Jerome Taylor (0).
West Indies batsmen struggled against the India A attack with the only exception being Marlon Samuels.
The 33-year old Jamaican held the fort with his 59-ball 56 that consisted of nine fours. He added 47 runs with pacer Jason Holder (21) for the sixth wicket before being trapped leg before by Karn Sharma.
West Indies received an early jolt when opener Leon Johnson (0) was caught in the second slip off Jasprit Bumrah in the fourth over while his partner Lendl Simmons was retired out on 12.
Simmons had a back problem and did not resume the field during the course of the game. Only four of the batsmen reached double digits including tail-ender Kemar Roach (10).
Leg-spinner Karn picked up two wickets for 27 runs, while off-spinner Parvez Rasool, Dhawal Kulkarni, Bumrah and Stuart Binny bagged a wicket a piece.
While chasing, Murali Vijay made a patient 26 off 37 before being caught by Samuels in the short cover region off Kemar Roach as he added 71 runs for the opening stand with Chand.
Chand guided the team to victory with an unbeaten 78-run stand with Karun Nair. Nair struck three fours and a six in his 36-ball 27.
Brief Scores: West Indies 148 (Marlon Samuels 56, Jason Holder 21; Amit Mishra 3/26, Karn Sharma 2/27) lost to India A 149 for 1 in 25.3 overs (Unmukt Chand 79*; Roach 1 for 28) by 9 wickets.
While bowling first, Mishra produced a brilliant spell of leg-break bowling grabbing three for 26 in 10 overs

Two credible witnesses debunk the Iraq untruthsBy Jennifer Rubin October 3 Follow @JRubinBlogger
Following the reported excerpts from former CIA chief and defense secretary Leon Panetta’s book unmasking the president and former secretary of state Hillary Clinton’s lack of candor (to put it mildly) over the withdrawal of troops from Iraq in 2011, comes  an interview with  Ryan Crocker , former ambassador to Iraq. It includes this exchange:
Hillary Clinton. (Saul Loeb/Agence France-Presse via Getty Images)
As a former ambassador to Iraq (2007-09), do you think it was a mistake not to push hard for the Status of Forces Agreement with Iraq before the U.S. pullout?
I do. We could have gotten that agreement if we had been a little more persistent, flexible, and creative. But what really cost us was the political withdrawal. We cut off high-level political engagement with Iraq when we withdrew our troops.
There were no senior visits, very few phone calls. Secretary of State John Kerry made one visit prior to this current crisis, mainly to lecture the Iraqis on how bad they were being for facilitating Iranian weapon shipments to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. And we left them to their own devices, knowing that left to their own devices, it would not work out well.
Crocker is simultaneously supporting Republican critics’ version of events and also indicting the administration for its refusal to use “soft power,” which the Obama team claimed had been neglected in the Bush administration. They bragged about their expert “smart diplomacy,” but they were clueless about what was going on.
These two former officials cannot be credibly attacked as partisans or out to get either Obama or Clinton. That is what makes their remarks so devastating. For Obama this is simply another piece in the puzzle of utter incompetence and then cover-up — lying, some would call it — when things went predictably wrong. But for Clinton, it poses a number of more acute problems for her presidential run.
These ex-officials have made clear the most credible people in the administration are not going to keep mum about the administration’s mistakes. (I wonder what Panetta’s book will say about Libya, Israel and more.) If Clinton continues to practice revisionist history, she will be snared — as she is now.
Second, Clinton has never claimed, as she has for Syria, that she warned against an Iraq pullout. Maybe she did, but Panetta cited his undersecretary’s role in making the case for a stay-behind force, not Clinton’s. Is she now going to “remember” to have joined Panetta, the raft of military advisers, conservative critics and lawmakers who warned Obama to leave a force in place? She should stick close to the truth, for it seems many of her former colleagues have good memories and/or reliable notes. Unless she has an alibi for this one, too, she is going to stand accused of making the same fatal error Obama did — both here and in Libya, by the way — which is ignoring the rising jihadist threat in furtherance of an ideological vision.
Panetta and Crocker provide another reminder that in the new Congress, the investigation into the relatively discrete issue of Benghazi should be folded into a larger select committee on the entire Middle East collapse. Let Panetta, Crocker and Clinton all come and testify. They can help voters decide who was on which side of the debates and what errors were made. (This was what was done after 9/11, you will remember.) This is the meat of the issue with Clinton, not Benghazi. If the voters are to hire her as commander in chief, they have every reason to demand a full accounting of whether the massive national security debacles were foreseeable, preventable and attributable to her.
Aside from these issues we know now why Michele Flournoy was not selected as defense secretary rather than the president’s pliable crony Chuck Hagel. Not only had she stood up to the president and his political hacks, but in a confirmation hearing and elsewhere she could have laid out the entire story as to how we got from a stable, functioning Iraq to the current chaos. How inconvenient that would have been.
And this brings us to a final point: It is time to insist on credible people with independent reputations in top national security spots. If a Republican president is elected in 2016, he should pick one or more of the credible truth-tellers and wise advisers over whom Obama and his political team ran roughshod. Any capable commander in chief should be happy to have Panetta, Flournoy, Crocker and others in top positions. Hiring respected people, even (especially?) those from the other party, keeps the president honest and keeps the political spinners out of critical national security decisions. With people of integrity and expertise around, the president is intensely made aware that sooner or later it all comes out.
The president is certainly entitled to have people of his choosing, but the Senate and voters are entitled to have someone who is respected and not just another voice in the amen chorus. These people serve at the discretion of the president, but they work for the American people. And if they want the voters to promote them, they really have to let it all come tumbling out.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

This new finding on how young people choose cars could transform the auto industrys marketing strategyOctober 3, 2014
When it comes to buying a car, mom and dad matter.
A new study to be published in the Journal of Industrial Economics shows that Ford begets Ford: people are 39% more likely to buy a car brand if their parents also bought that brand.
Researchers looked at car purchase data from over 4,000 children and 2,500 of their parents collected via national surveys between 1999 and 2011. They controlled for a number of factors that might dictate car buying, including location, income, gender, and family size—eliminating the possibility that children and parents are only more likely to buy the same cars because they tend to have similar needs.
This research could transform how the auto industry targets different demographics. If younger customers enter the market with preexisting brand loyalty, a company can charge more for entry-level vehicles because there’s less pressure to compete on price. Companies might also shift more resources to market towards older customers, in hopes of drawing in those customers’ kids as part of the package.
Share this:

And the Greatest Ad of the Year Was Jean-Claude Van Damme in the most epic of Volvo Truck ads.
Still courtesy of Volvo Trucks/YouTube
At the 55th annual Clio Awards—held Wednesday evening in Manhattan—the ad industry and its invited guests let their masks drop. It felt as though everyone had grown suddenly weary of upholding the ad game’s central façade. So they let it crumble.
Seth Stevenson is a frequent contributor to Slate. He is the author of Grounded: A Down to Earth Journey Around the World .
“I love advertising because I love lying,” announced Jerry Seinfeld, winner of an honorary Clio for his involvement in various ad campaigns. Seinfeld used his three minutes onstage to assure the assembled creatives that “duping people” is “an excellent use of your energies” and that “buying stupid things is a great way of life.” He referred approvingly to an incident at the 1991 Clio Awards ( a famously shambolic clusterscrew ) during which hordes of drunken ad execs stormed the stage to steal Clio statuettes that weren’t theirs. He concluded his remarks with a gnomic declaration: “This is all a bunch of nonsense,” he said, immediately before striding offstage and disappearing behind a curtain. Whether he meant the Clios, or advertising in general, or even life itself was not entirely clear.
“OK, he said it,” chimed in emcee Whoopi Goldberg as she reclaimed the microphone. “It’s all a bunch of bullshit.” Goldberg had earlier noted that the putatively Native American actor Iron Eyes Cody (the “crying Indian” of a famous early-1970s anti-pollution commercial ) was in fact of 100 percent Italian ancestry . She also complained that slick ads had tricked her into buying a car she now disliked. “I bought a Fiat because of you!” she said accusingly, staring out at the crowd. “Sometimes the advertising is better than the product,” she sighed. “You fucked me up with that Fiat.” It was an echo of another Seinfeld comment—a trademark bit of observational humor, this time dissecting the consumer psyche: “We know that products are going to stink,” he allowed, “but we’re happy in that moment between seeing the commercial and making the purchase.”
Advertisement
Given the multitude of Clio categories, there simply isn’t time to hail all the winners of gold, silver, and bronze. (There’s a Season 4 Mad Men scene in which an ad guy, with his newly won Clio statuette in hand, acknowledges that “they give out 50 a year.”) So the live show focuses on the Grand Clios—the top prizes in each division.
In the Branded Entertainment category, the Grand Clio went to Chipotle’s  Scarecrow ” campaign. This animated short depicts a fictional factory-farming operation called Crow Foods—a behemoth that injects chickens with strange chemicals and locks cows in dark cages. The titular character, disgusted by these practices, starts his own tiny farm-to-table enterprise, humbly harvesting vegetables that he’s grown himself. It’s beautifully crafted Chipotle propaganda, backed by Fiona Apple’s haunting cover of “Pure Imagination.” But this ad has annoyed me ever since I first saw it. Others voiced similar reactions upon the ad’s release, and a Funny or Die video took the spot to task for its hypocrisy. What’s the beef? The difference between Chipotle and Crow Foods is not quite as stark as the ad pretends. Chipotle is a giant corporation and not, in fact, a tiny farm-to-table enterprise. And Chipotle kills its chickens and cows just as dead as Crow Foods does.
In the Content and Contact category (a category that Whoopi tried and failed to define for the audience—I still don’t really understand its parameters), a Volvo Trucks ad featuring Jean-Claude Van Damme took the Grand Clio. “ The Epic Split ” documents JCVD’s uncanny flexibility, hamstring strength, and fearlessness, as he performs a split with his feet planted astride two moving trucks. Meanwhile, Volvo Trucks’ precision steering capabilities are on display as we watch the two semis smoothly reversing at high speed, never once imperiling the Muscles From Brussels. At heart this is a classic demo ad, akin to those late-night commercials in which a spokesman displays a chef’s knife slicing through a tomato in midair. But something about the combination of the florid Enya soundtrack, the genuine impressiveness of the stunt, and the supreme beatitude on JCVD’s face makes the ad a joy to behold. According to stats presented at the Clios, the video has more than 100 million views so far. But did it move trucks off the lot? Volvo claims a 31 percent sales boost.
The Grand Clio for direct marketing went to Smart Communications, a telecom outfit in the Philippines, for its campaign to put elementary school textbooks onto SIM cards. Schools in richer districts around the world have begun to lighten their kids’ backpack loads by transferring the contents of heavy, physical textbooks onto tablets and e-readers. But most Filipino families can’t afford those kinds of gadgets. They might possess only an old, non-smart cellphone. The “ TXTBKS ” initiative lets kids study on those phones, turning lessons into a series of text messages the kid can pull up at any time. Learning becomes much more portable. The whole thing is uplifting.
In fact, if there’s been a recent trend in advertising themes, it’s toward uplift. Marketers noticed the successful viral chops of sites like Upworthy and BuzzFeed—which frequently benefit from folks’ eagerness to share the sort of content that floods their hearts and their tear ducts—and copied that playbook. One example: the “Made of More” campaign from Guinness. The brand was named Clio’s Advertiser of the Year for a series of spots that are heavy on the heartstring-tugging. My favorite is an ad in which a bunch of dudes play wheelchair basketball , competing hard, cheering each other on. At the end of the spot, it’s revealed that only one of these fellows is disabled—the others are strapping into wheelchairs to level the playing field. The group retires to a pub to down Guinness together as the ad fades out. At the time it was released, I recall multiple guys in my pickup basketball game admitting that this ad choked them up. I got a little misty even seeing it again last night on the screen above the Clios stage.
Another attempt at uplift came from Always, which won the Grand Clio for Public Relations with its “ Like a Girl ” campaign. Some grown-ups of both genders are asked to demonstrate what it looks like to “throw like a girl” or to “fight like a girl.” Much uncoordinated, sissy arm flailing ensues. Then some actual little girls are asked to “run like a girl” and such. They are, of course, way fierce. Always claims its campaign is helping to restore pubescent female confidence, but some have noted that there’s a disconnect here between the ad content and the product—other recent viral commercials for menstrual products aimed at tweens have managed to be empowering while also funny, and have actually referred to menstruation. This criticism aside, Always made a major faux pas at the Clios: Accepting the award, as several female colleagues stood silently behind him, was a man. This guy talked about his four daughters and how proud he was of the ad, but the audience couldn’t help but notice all the ladies onstage. Given the dynamics, it was unseemly. Some shouts went up. They got louder. At last the mic was relinquished to a woman. Whoopi attempted to smooth the waters by telling the man she appreciated his sentiments, and by confessing that she’d used Always “back when I needed to.”
The Lifetime Achievement Clio went to Washington Olivetto, a Brazilian ad exec with a distinguished résumé. Earlier this year the New Yorker called him “ an almost Warholian figure .” He’s been responsible for some of Latin America’s best-known ads (none of which I’d seen before). Among them: a 1987 spot for Valisere lingerie titled “ First Bra ,” which shows a very young girl dealing with her incipient bosom and her first brassiere. This sounds innocuous enough as I describe it. But something about the manner in which the camera lingers on the ad’s semi-dressed juvenile protagonist left the Clios audience a bit unsettled. A kicker in which the girl gets openly ogled as she strolls down the street debuting her new bra only served to pile on the disquietude. At my table in the far back of the room, the term “kiddie porn” was bandied about.
The Clios have a new initiative to honor music used in ads (or, sorry, in “brand collaborations”), so a couple of awards were given to Pharrell and Blondie. Pharrell’s “Happy”—did you know it was written for the Despicable Me 2 soundtrack ?—got accolades for its role in the U.N.’s “ 24 Hours of Happiness ” project. Blondie got a sort of lifetime achievement nod. Debbie Harry, dressed in a jacket covered in hashtag symbols, openly begging to sell out, told the assembled marketeers, “A lot of our songs used in ads have been the old stuff, but I want to let you know that we have new music, too.” The music portion of the program concluded with a performance from Aloe Blacc. He sang his hit “The Man” while an ad for Beats by Dre headphones that had featured this same song rolled across the screen. Phrases like “adaptive noise canceling” floated in massive text behind him.
In her final moments, Whoopi asked if anyone from Cadillac was in the room. “I need to understand this McConaughey thing ,” she said. It was a classic example of failed brand association. “That was Lincoln,” someone shouted, correcting her.
“Oh shit,” said Whoopi. “My bad. Goodnight!”

RCF likely to get Navaratna status this yearHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
RCF likely to get Navaratna status this year
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 3:  
State-owned Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilizers is likely to get the ‘Navaratna’ status this year, a move that will provide it greater financial autonomy.
Replying to shareholders’ queries at the 37th Annual General Meeting, RCF Chairman and Managing Director R G Rajan said: “The company is expected to get the Navaratna status by the end of December, 2014“.
According to the latest list of the Department of Public Enterprises, there are 17 PSUs which are accredited with the ’Navaratna’ status including Bharat Electronics Ltd and Engineers India Ltd.
According to the DPE guidelines, Navaratna PSUs can decide on their own on investment of 30 per cent of their networth in projects in India or abroad.
Besides, the board of directors of these PSEs have the powers for mergers and acquisitions, subject to certain conditions.
The aim of having categorised some PSUs as Navaratnas was to help them emerge as global players.
RCF, which already has the ‘Miniratna’ status has already made presentation before the DPE, and is likely to make one final presentation in the coming days, sources added.
The Navaratna status is presently subject to the condition that these PSUs shall not depend up on budgetary support or government guarantees.
Wherever the government guarantee is required under the standard stipulations of external donor agencies, it may be obtained from the Ministry of Finance via the administrative Ministry. Such Government guarantee will not affect the Navratna status.
The government plans to divest at least 5 per cent stake in RCF in 2015-16.
RCF had reported net profit of Rs 83.95 crore for the first quarter ended on June 30, on account of higher income.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Telangana Govt strives to make slum-free HyderabadTelangana Govt strives to make slum-free Hyderabad
PTI
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct 3:  
The Telangana Government would strive to make Hyderabad a slum—free city and construct two— bed room flats in place of shanties, Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao said today.
“K Chandrasekhar Rao, the Chief Minister, announced that Hyderabad will be a slum—free city. Every slum will be developed with two—bedroom flats for convenience of the families residing there,” a release from the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) quoted him as saying.
Rao was speaking after laying foundation for construction of 396 houses at IDH Colony and four adjacent colonies in Secunderabad.
The Chief Minister said local MLA Talasani Srinivas Yadav briefed him about the dilapidated conditions of the existing houses in IDH Colony.
Rao has instructed the GHMC Commissioner to take up demolition of these houses and construction of two-bedroom flats in their place for families residing there within 5-6 months.
Rao said he will convene a meeting with the elected representatives of the city within 10 days to take a collective decision for constructions of new houses in the identified slums.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

India s air traffic grows  IATA credits new  supportive  govtE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PM Modi debuts on radio  urges people to join Clean India campaignComments
In a free-wheeling chatty address to the nation, through radio, Prime Minister Narendra Modi issued a clarion call to citizens to join his social initiatives and contribute to nation-building. He also promised to stay in touch and connect - at least once, if not twice, a month with citizens on radio, becoming the first Indian Prime minister to reach out to citizens on such a regular basis, directly.
Modi used his debut on radio – during a programme titiled Mann ki Baat -  to remind listeners of his Swachh Bharat, Clean India, campaign. He spoke of the nine people he had invited to join the campaign, and urged every citizen to do the same - clean up, encourage another nine people to do so, and create a movement.
Modi also promoted the use of khadi, and said he was not asking people to wear only khadi. “But even if you use one khadi product, it will light the lamp of prosperity in the house of a poor person.”
The PM peppered his speech with anecdotes which had a running theme – of motivating and energizing citizens, and recognising their inner strength. This has been a constant thread of Modi’s addresses, be it at the Independence Day or in US or during the Swachh Bharat pledge.
Read: Modi invokes Bapu, wields broom for filth-free India  
Modi’s emphasis has been that the country is not only that of the government, but of the people, and citizens have to step up.
“You know, our scientists have undertaken the Mars mission successfully at minimum expenses. There is nothing lacking in our capabilities. We only have forgotten our strengths. We have forgotten ourselves as if we have become despondent.
My brothers and sisters, this cannot be,” said Modi."We need to recognise our internal strengths," he added. "The 125 crore Indians are blessed with immense skill and strength. All we need to do is to understand our strengths."
Modi spoke of his engagement with specially-abled children, and how they are the responsibility of not just their parents, but of the society and the country. He also spoke of skill development, and environment.
But more than the message, the novelty on Friday was in Modi’s choice of the medium and his direct engagement.
Modi plans to make his radio speeches once or twice a month on Sunday mornings to get his message across to two-thirds of the country’s 1.2 billion people who listen regularly to the radio.
Presidents and prime ministers generally use radio to address the people on Republic Day and Independence Day, but Modi’s address is the start of a regular slot on air for the prime minister.
He addressed millions of school students across the country on state-run Doordarshan on Teachers’ Day, but radio will help him reach deeper into the country as All India Radio has a much wider reach.
To make the communication two-way, Modi added if citizens wanted to respond, they could do so over email and letters. "If you have ideas and actual incidents which are constructive, do share with me. Together let us serve India and take our nation to newer heights," Modi said.

One killed  4 injured in firing by Pak troops along LoCOne killed in firing by Pak troops along LoC
HT correspondent , Hindustan Times  Jammu, October 03, 2014
First Published: 19:13 IST(3/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:07 IST(4/10/2014)
A 16-year-old girl was killed in firing by Pakistan on Friday along the Line of Control in the Saubjian area of Poonch district, about 250 km from Jammu city.
 
The firing began around 5pm and injured four others. Indian troops responded in a calibrated manner, said a defence spokesperson.
The cross-border shelling that injured six people on Thursday intensified after India beat Pakistan to win the hockey gold at the Asian Games.
 
Pakistan had consistently fired from mid July to August, a total of 45 days, along the international border. Since then, the guns had fallen silent but firing resumed Wednesday.
Late Friday, Pakistan also started firing in the Arina area of Jammu district, along the international border.

The recalls raise the No. 1 U.S. automaker s total number of recalls this year to 71  affecting almost 30 million vehicles.
Is Gone Girls Amy a misogynist A misandrist Or bothBy Alyssa Rosenberg October 3 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
In this image released by 20th Century Fox, Rosamund Pike appears in a scene from “Gone Girl.” The film, based on the best-selling novel, will release on Oct. 3. (AP Photo/20th Century Fox, Merrick Morton)
Part of what makes “Gone Girl,” first Gillian Flynn’s novel and now David Fincher’s movie adaptation about a woman, Amy Elliot Dunne (Rosamund Pike in the movie), who goes missing and her husband Nick (played by Ben Affleck), who appears to have murdered her, is its fascinating stew of gender politics. Though I was unconvinced by the book the first time I read it, I have since found myself repeatedly drawn into Flynn’s deft sketches of Amy, a woman stunted by her parents’ use of her life as material for a popular book series, and Nick as a man terrified of turning into his hateful father.
And as I have re-read the novel and watched Fincher’s excellent, unnerving adaptation of it, I have come to the conclusion that part of the fascination of “Gone Girl” is that Amy Elliot Dunne is the only fictional character I can think of who might be accurately described as simultaneously misogynist and misandrist. In fact, she hates pretty much everyone else on the planet, except, briefly, her husband Nick.
But describing her as a simple misanthropist, though she might meet that description, too, ignores the ways in which Amy’s distaste for many of the people around her is expressed in terms of gender types and the ways she thinks her family and acquaintances play into them.
In Slate, critic David Haglund worries that that “Gone Girl” director David Fincher has siphoned the fierce, feminist energy out of one of the novel’s signature moments, a monologue in which Amy explains the creature called the “Cool Girl” by framing it as Amy’s outrage at the women who embody it rather than the men who require it.
“The essential targets of Amy’s critique are men who think of women as extensions of themselves, as creatures who are meant to fulfill their own desires and not to have independent wants or needs that might occasionally come into conflict with them,” Haglund wrote.
On the occasion of his fifth wedding anniversary, Nick Dunne (Ben Affleck) reports that his beautiful wife, Amy (Rosamund Pike), has gone missing. The new trailer of "Gone Girl" has Neil Patrick Harris making an appearance. Based on the novel of the same name by Gillian Flynn, "Gone Girl" is set for an Oct. 3 release date. (20th Century Fox)
It is true that in Fincher’s interpretation, we see Amy’s words juxtaposed against images of women who meet the Cool Girl description. But in Flynn’s novel, Amy has a rich vein of contempt for women who she thinks are dumb enough to play the game men invented to deceive them.
“I don’t get it,” the Cool Girl monologue ends. “If you let a man cancel plans or decline to do things for you, you lose. You don’t get what you want. It’s pretty clear. Sure, he may be happy, he may say you’re the coolest girl ever, but he’s saying it because he got his way. He’s calling you a Cool Girl to fool you! That’s what men do: They try to make it sound like you are the Cool Girl so you will bow to their wishes.”
Amy refers to her husband’s mistress Andie as a slut, an epithet she extends to other women who pursue Nick, and despises her in part for what she imagines must be Andie’s willingness to play along with the most degrading sexual acts Amy thinks Nick could conjure up.
She describes Andie’s social media usage as “surprisingly discreet for a girl of her generation,” extending her contempt to a whole cohort of girls she finds deplorable in their, well, girlishness. Amy says ugly things about Andie’s genitalia, a fascination that she also extends to the mother of her high school ex-boyfriend. She remarks of a neighbor, “ugly girls can be such thunder stealers.”
And “Gone Girl” has a male equivalent of the Cool Girl dynamic, in which women set the expectations and it is men who respond and are foolish for responding.
“Nick and I, we sometimes laugh, laugh out loud, at the horrible things women make their husbands do to prove their love,” Amy writes in her diary. “The pointless tasks, the myriad sacrifices, the endless small surrenders. We call these men the dancing monkeys.”
Part of her fury at Nick’s affair is that Amy feels like Nick has regressed to the mean for men, a group she has a low opinion of, and dragged her down with him. “I had a new persona, not of my choosing,” Amy fumes. “I was Average Dumb Woman Married to Average S—– Man. He had single-handedly de-amazed Amazing Amy.”
Appreciation can raise Amy’s ire just as easily as betrayal. “I can feel my bottom move sometimes, on its own, when I walk,” Amy reflects when she gains some weight. “My body was a beautiful, perfect economy, every feature calibrated, everything in balance. I don’t miss it. I don’t miss men looking at me. It’s a relief to walk into a convenience store and walk right back out without some hangabout in sleeveless flannel leering as I leave, some muttered bit of misogyny slipping from him like a nacho-cheese burp.”
And she is as disgusted by the caretakers as by the exploiters, seeing something sinister in men, like her high-school ex-boyfriend Desi, who gravitate towards women whose pain makes it harder for them to reject him. “Desi is a white-knight type. He loves troubled women,” Amy tells us. “It is fortunate for Desi — the eating disorders, the painkiller addictions, the crippling depressions. He is never happier than when he’s at a bedside. Not in bed, just perched nearby with broth and juice and a gently starched voice.”
For all she hates gender norms and is repulsed by the way that men and women play into them, Amy is no rebel on the subject. Much has been written about how “Gone Girl” is what critic Peter Suderman calls a “ marital procedural ,” a deeply uneasy portrait of how married people investigate each other and negotiate the shared compromises of their life. Flynn’s novel, and to a lesser extent Fincher’s movie, capture the way that negotiation is so often about gender roles and our relationships to them in ways that go far deeper than fights over housework.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Three women pass Marine Corps combat endurance testBy Dan Lamothe October 3 Follow @danlamothe
An enlisted female student at the Infantry Training Battalion carries another female student during the movement-under-fire portion of the Combat Fitness Test at Camp Geiger, N.C., on Sept. 26. The Marine Corps has continued to face scrutiny as it gradually expands the scope of its research into which jobs women should fill in combat. (Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Chelsea Flowers Anderson)
Three female Marine Corps officers on Thursday passed the grueling combat endurance test that kicks off the service’s screening for infantry officers, paving the way for the first woman to potentially graduate from the program.
The test is conducted at Quantico, Va., and is designed to assess each individual’s ability to withstand exhausting physical conditions and make difficult decisions at the same time. Twenty-four female volunteers have attempted the Marine Corps’ Infantry Officer Course, but none have passed to date. One woman passed the initial endurance test in 2012, but was dropped from the course about a week later due to stress fractures in her foot.
The integration of women at the Infantry Officer Course is one of the high-profile parts of the Pentagon’s ongoing research into which new jobs women should be allowed to serve in while in combat units. The infantry officer course that began Thursday included 93 men and seven women, said Capt. Maureen Krebs, a Marine Corps spokeswoman. Sixty-seven men passed along with the three women, and will continue through training.
Two of the women who passed the combat endurance test Thursday are captains who volunteered, Marine officials said. The third is a female lieutenant who attempted the course in July and did not pass, but opted to try again. The Marine Corps will not release their identities, citing federal guidelines for conducting human research.
The women who passed Thursday did so after Marine Corps leaders decided in July to open the Infantry Officer Course to active-duty female officers who are “company-grade,” including not only new lieutenants, but seasoned ones and captains, too. Those who volunteer were required to meet a new requirement: Completion of the male version of the service’s annual Physical Fitness Test and the Combat Fitness Test with first-class scores.
If the women pass the infantry course, they still will not be allowed to join the infantry. The Infantry Officer Course was opened on an experimental basis, and the job itself remains closed to women, Marine officials said.
Critics of opening the all-male infantry say doing so would weaken it. They cite privacy issues, and raise questions about whether political correctness would pave the way for a relaxing of standard. They also bring up cultural issues about whether men and women can work together effectively in high-stress situations. Others say women, if given the chance, will prove they can serve with distinction in the infantry, and that integrating them could help alleviate long-term problems in the military like sexual assault
Other services also are grappling with how to expand the integration of women in the military. Army Ranger School, for example was opened on experimental basis for the first time to women this month. They have until Dec. 1 to volunteer, and will do so on a one-time basis only, Army Col. Linda Sheimo told reporters at a conference on Friday.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Why Zappos CEO couldnt save downtown Las VegasBy Emily Badger October 3 Follow @emilymbadger
Flickr photo courtesy of wbeem using a Creative Commons license.
Zappos founder Tony Hsieh's "Downtown Project" in Las Vegas has been one of the most intriguing urban development stories in the U.S. for the last two years, an experiment in city revival run by an idiosyncratic Internet entrepreneur.
Where most downtown development projects are small-scale — a new museum here, a repaved pedestrian mall there — his was ambitious, striving to remake a massive chunk of the city's core that most tourists to the Strip never see. Where public money for renewing neighborhoods is often scarce, Hsieh promised to plow $350 million of his own wealth into Las Vegas, buying property and backing businesses. Where traditional developers talk bottom lines and occupancy rates, Hsieh preached out-there ideas about "return on community" and "collisions" between the people and ideas that exist there.
Hsieh wanted to do seemingly everything in this part of the city that had been overlooked by tourists and abandoned by locals alike: create a tech hub, lure startups to town, launch new restaurants, schools and residences. And his experiment did bring in all kinds of people, from entrepreneurs vying for his financial support, to media bemused by the oddity of all of this in ... Las Vegas. If you haven' been following the strange tale, you can read about it in The New York Times Magazine , in this series from Alyssa Walker at Gizmodo, or this one from Nellie Bowles at Re/Code .
Now, this week, it appears as if an endeavor on which many people had pinned their hopes is faltering, with a sudden slew of layoffs , the public departure of the project's "director of imagination," rumors of new businesses bleeding money, and the news that Hsieh himself has receded from his role leading the project (he disputes the idea that he stepped down from a position that he technically never held).
The news is disillusioning for people personally invested in Hsieh's vision, as well as for anyone who was simply excited by the enthusiasm — and the resources — of a tech entrepreneur embracing a blighted city. Hsieh had set his sights on a part of Las Vegas pockmarked with decaying buildings and empty lots, with few thriving businesses and even fewer pedestrians. Downtown Las Vegas — not the Vegas Strip — is the place that better represents the city's high unemployment and faltering economy post-housing boom.
More often, the tech world is associated with suburban seclusion, gated-community-like office parks , and bad urbanism . Then here came a guy who seemed to talk about the culture at his Internet company like an urban planner . He moved his company into Las Vegas' old City Hall. With all of his money, Hsieh could have had a lot of toys, Bowles wrote. But, "he chose a city."
That the task has proven messier than he seemed to anticipate — or his supporters hoped — points to a couple of lessons: Cities, as Walker notes this week, are not like startups, running on eagerness as much as expertise, easily A/B tested and rebooted on the fly. Nor are they all that much like their virtual versions in Sim City, a game that's given a lot of people the seductive idea that building a metropolis is as easy as point-and-click. Cities also don't fail in the same way that startups do, and when they do, the costs are much higher. As for when they succeed — that inevitably takes more time than a new digital venture.
Emily Badger is a reporter for Wonkblog covering urban policy. She was previously a staff writer at The Atlantic Cities.

The two faces of Hong Kong police in two viral videosThe two faces of Hong Kong police in two viral videos
Written by
Rebecca Wong Visiting fellow, City University of Hong Kong.
October 3, 2014
There is a common goal.(AP Photo/Wally Santana)
SHARE
Rebecca Wong Visiting fellow, City University of Hong Kong.
Obsession
The Future of Hong Kong
October 3, 2014
Amidst the social movement in Hong Kong (or as some would argue, social disobedience), the tension between the people and the police is not far from (if not already at) a breaking point. People have vandalized a recruitment slogan outside the police headquarter urging people to leave their jobs and a video clip of a police officer spraying pepper spray directly into the eye of an elderly man has gone viral. I was even told by a fellow protestor named Lau that one of his wife’s friends is considering a divorce because her husband (whom is a police) does not share her sentiments for the protests. Supporters of the police have opted to wear the blue ribbon to pledge their support as opposed to the yellow ribbon, a symbol for democracy and universal suffrage.
But not everyone in Hong Kong shares the same disgust for the police. A photograph of a Hong Kong policeman cleaning the eyes of a protestor after he has been hit by pepper spray has gone viral too. A video clip of police officers asking for understanding from the protestors inside a police van and a photograph and video clip of protestors sharing an umbrella with a police office has softened the hearts of some Hong Kong people. Yet, walls remain between the people of Hong Kong and the police. People have continued to question why members of the police force continue to follow orders by turning their backs on the people of Hong Kong.
For the past week, I have been unfriended on Facebook because I do not hate the police or the people on the street. Hong Kong has one of the lowest crime rates internationally so our money are not wasted on the police. Our students are amongst some of the brightest minds on an international level so we really shouldn’t be calling them insulting names or label them violent. If we turn our backs on each other now because of our different point of view, the only beneficiary is the Hong Kong government.
Nobody in his or her right mind would want to sit on the street after a long work day. I would much rather be drinking an ice-cold beer in an air-conditioned room watching the world pass by. Vice versa, I believe no police officer wishes to be out on the street in their uniform at 4am in the morning. Our common goal is democracy, not name-calling, finger pointing, spreading useless posts or starting arguments with people whose beliefs differ from yours. After all, a democratic society is about having room for different point of views but not one’s ego.
Hong Kong may be stressful, crowded, expensive, humid and hot. There may be places around the planet that are more exotic, peaceful and laid back but every time I leave Hong Kong, a part of me longs to go home. There is simply no comparison because, for good or bad, Hong Kong is my home and it brings me enormous sadness to see us divided.
We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com . 
Share this:

Syria sees Turkish deployment inside its border as an aggressionUpdated: October 3, 2014 20:44 IST
Syria sees Turkish deployment inside its border as an aggression
AP
Tweet
AP Smoke rises after a mortar shell landed in the west part of the city centre of Kobani in Syria as fighting intensified between Syrian Kurds and the militants of Islamic State, seen from near the southeastern town of Suruc in Turkey's Sanliurfa Province on Friday.
Reuters Turkish soldiers stand guard near Mursitpinar border crossing as smoke rises in the Syrian town of Kobani, seen from near the southeastern town of Suruc in Turkey's Sanliurfa Province on Friday.
AP In this photo provided by the anti-government activist group Aleppo Media Centre, which has been authenticated based on its contents and other AP reporting, a Free Syrian Army fighter aims his weapon during a battle with Syrian government forces in Aleppo on Friday.
TOPICS
civil war
The Syrian Foreign Ministry’s statement, issued on Friday, came a day after Turkey’s parliament gave the government new powers to launch military incursions into Syria and Iraq.
Syria has warned Turkey that deploying troops inside its borders will be seen as an “aggression,” calling on the international community to “put limits to the adventures” of the Turkish leadership.
The Syrian Foreign Ministry’s statement, issued on Friday, came a day after Turkey’s parliament gave the government new powers to launch military incursions into Syria and Iraq.
Syria’s Foreign Ministry said the Turkish decision is an “aggression against a founding member of the United Nations”.
Turkey has been one of the strongest backers of Syrian opposition groups trying to remove President Bashar Assad for power.
The Turkish decision came nearly two weeks after a U.S.-led coalition began airstrikes against Islamic State group positions in Syria. The group controls large areas of Syria and Iraq.
Heavy fighting hits Kurdish Syrian town
Kurdish fighters battled Islamic State fighters on Friday near a Syrian Kurdish town along the border with Turkey as Turkish Prime Minister said his country will prevent the fall of Kobani.
The Kurdish town and its surrounding have been under attack since mid-September, with militants capturing dozens of nearby Kurdish villages. The assault, which has forced some 160,000 Syrians to flee, has left the Kurdish militiamen scrambling to repel the militants’ advance into the outskirts of Kobani, also known as Ayn Arab.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which monitors Syria’s civil war, reported intense fighting on Friday to the east and southeast of Kobani, saying the town’s Kurdish fighters destroyed two vehicles belonging to militants. The group said seven Islamic State fighters were killed in a village near Kobani.
Nasser Haj Mansour, a defence official in Syria’s Kurdish region, said the Kurdish militiamen repelled the latest attack by the Islamic State east of Kobani and destroyed one tank.
The latest round of fighting came after Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu told Turkey’s ATV television station late Thursday that his government does not want Kobani to be captured.
Asked what will happen if Kobani falls, Mr. Davutoglu said: “We would not want Kobani to fall. We have opened our arms to our brothers who have come from Kobani. We would do whatever is necessary, our utmost to prevent Kobani’s fall.”
Mr. Davutoglu did not elaborate. His comments came after Turkey’s parliament gave the government new powers Thursday to launch military incursions into Syria and Iraq, and to allow foreign forces to use its territory for possible operations against the Islamic State group.
When asked about Mr. Davutoglu’s statement, Nawaf Khalil, a spokesman for Syria’s leading Kurdish Democratic Union Party, said: “How does he want to prevent the fall of Kobani and until now Turkey has done nothing?”
Mr. Khalil added that Kobani is now almost empty of civilians and that the situation around the town “is very dangerous”. He said Kurdish fighters in the town “will fight until the last gunman and last gunwoman”.
Turkey’s private Dogan news agency released video footage showing thick dark smoke rising from the town. People on the Turkish side of the border were watching events unfold from the top of trucks.
The Observatory reported intense shelling of Kobani, saying that a volunteer fighting with the Kurdish force known as the People’s Protection Unit, of YPK, was killed. It said at least 60 shells struck the town on Friday.
An Associated Press journalist at the Turkish border town of Suruc reported intense shelling of Kobani from the south and from the west. One tank moved on the edge of Kobani as shells landed on to its west, some 500m from the Turkish border.
Ismet Sheikh Hassan, the Kurdish Defence Minister of Kobani region, said Islamic State fighters were trying to advance from the east, west and southeast of Kobani. He said jihadis fired rockets on the town and called on the U.S.-led coalition “to hit the tanks instead of bases.”
Also on Friday, the Observatory and Syrian state media said government forces advanced in northern Aleppo Province, capturing three villages including Handarat. The capture of the villages tightens government control of areas linking the contested city of Aleppo with other parts of the Province.
The Observatory and the Local Coordination Committees, which also monitors Syria’s civil war, reported several airstrikes by the coalition targeting Islamic State group positions in the northern provinces of Raqqa and Aleppo, as well as the eastern oil-rich region of Deir el-Zour that borders Iraq.
U.S. Central Command said in a statement on Friday that the coalition on Thursday and Friday continued its airstrikes, destroying an Islamic State group garrison in the northeastern Province of Hassakeh and two tanks in Deir el-Zour. It said two strikes north of Raqqa hit two modular oil refineries and a militant training camp. It said another strike northeast of Aleppo struck a building occupied by the Islamic State group.

http://usat.ly/1rItmR4FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Apple Pay may be game-changing play
Well before eBay and PayPal spin off into separate publicly traded companies  during the second half of next year, we should get a pretty good read on how consumers are embracing Apple Pay.
Post to Facebook
Apple Pay may be game-changing play Well before eBay and PayPal spin off into separate publicly traded companies  during the second half of next year, we should get a pretty good read on how consumers are embracing Apple Pay. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vD8FIQ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
74
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Apple Pay may be game-changing play
Edward C. Baig , USA TODAY 12:47 p.m. EDT October 5, 2014
Apple Pay works with American Express and other credit cards.
(Photo: Apple)
1236 CONNECT 295 TWEET 120 LINKEDIN 74 COMMENTEMAILMORE
NEW YORK — The fledgling mobile payments industry faces a crucial test this month as  Apple unleashes Apple Pay to its army of new iPhone owners.
Apple is trying to succeed where Google and others so far have largely failed: getting consumers to cast aside physical wallets and use their phones to pay at the checkout counter.
When it launches in the next few weeks (Apple has not confirmed a specific date) Apple Pay will let U.S. owners of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models — and eventually folks who have an Apple Watch — use those devices to transact.
Apple is an important catalyst for mobile payments — perhaps the biggest catalyst. With sales of more than 10 million new iPhones, the company is seeding lots of consumers with handsets that can double as digital wallets.
"It's clear that the era of digital payments is upon us," eBay CEO John Donahoe said after announcing this week that PayPal and eBay would be spun off into separate publicly traded companies next year. PayPal is a pioneer in the mobile payments arena but may find itself on the defensive as the Apple Pay launch nears.
EBay CEO John Donahoe talks PayPal spin-off, mobile pay
By 2018, mobile proximity payments in the USA, which include payments made using a phone to make a physical transaction at the point of sale, will reach $118 billion, up from $3.5 billion in 2014, according to eMarketer.
The appealing promise, which has hung out there for years, is that you won't have to fumble for cash or a plastic credit card while standing at the register. Some consumers are  quite comfortable using their phones to pay for coffee or a taxi ride, and many mobile pay customers are motivated by reward points and discounts. Millions buy music, movies, books and apps that they pay for and download directly onto their devices.
EBay's PayPal plan is first major salvo in payment wars
Why stop at the phone, or even a smartwatch? How about your refrigerator or your car? "We think every (consumer) device you have is going to be a commerce device," says Ed McLaughlin, the chief emerging-payments officer at MasterCard. "Our lives are moving to these intelligent connected devices and what we do and how we interact and transact moves to them also."
None of this will happen overnight. Only the latest iPhones will be compatible when Apple Pay launches. If you have an older iPhone, an Android handset or another smartphone, you're out of luck, at least under Apple's new system.
OVERCOMING OLD HURDLES
Google Wallet launched in 2011 with a single Sprint Nexus S handset. More phones were added, but for a variety of reasons, Wallet has flopped, though Google hasn't given up.
What's more, shoppers have been paying with cash and plastic for decades, and changing consumer behavior is daunting.
The market has  been highly fragmented. Tech and financial giants and under-the-radar startups  all jockey in the rush to make paying via cellphone mainstream.
Google has struggled. So has the rebranded Softcard, which recently gave up the name ISIS Wallet because it shared a moniker with a militant group. It was formed in 2010 by a joint venture among AT&T, T-Mobile and Verizon.
"There's no silver bullet, no definite winner out there," Dan Schulman, then of American Express and now the guy who will become PayPal's new CEO after the PayPal-eBay split becomes official, told me in an interview in 2011.
Until proved otherwise, his statement  rings true.
Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces the Apple Pay product in Cupertino, Calif.
(Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez, AP)
Jim McCarthy, global head of innovation and strategic partnerships at Visa, says, "It's just been the Balkans out there, people competing over the wrong things. Historically, Visa competes with card competitors like MasterCard and American Express, as an example. But we don't compete by confusing merchants and customers at the point of sale."
Consumers fret about security, even though a system such as Apple Pay appears to be way more secure than handing your credit card to a waiter. More than 40% of active users surveyed by the Kurt Salmon global management consulting firm worried that their personal information is at risk when making mobile payments.
“I think it's reasonable for people to always have questions about anything that's new and want to understand it. That's healthy and good.”
Phil Schiller, Apple
"I think it's reasonable for people to always have questions about anything that's new and want to understand it. That's healthy and good," says Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president for worldwide marketing. "I hope that what everyone sees is that we have done more to try to create something that meets what customers most want."
The new iPhones include a "secure element" chip where credit card information (but not your actual credit card number) is stored as a Device Account Number used to process your payment. Apple verifies your ability to pay with a participating bank. When you go to pay, a dynamic number is issued to the merchant, which can  be used only for that one-time transaction.
The merchant doesn't have your actual credit card number, and Apple doesn't know what you bought or how much you spent. To complete an in-person transaction, you must hold the phone within a couple of inches of the point-of-sale terminal while pressing against the Touch ID fingerprint scanner on the phone.
Consumers can store credit cards and review recent transactions in the phone's Passbook app. If your phone is lost or stolen, the fingerprint scanner prevents a crook from using it to pay. You can remotely shut down Apple Pay on your device through the Find My iPhone feature. There's no need to cancel your actual credit cards.
LAUNCHING IN THE REAL WORLD
The system worked fine in a demo, but a crucial question — still unanswered — is how smooth the launch will go in the real world.
"A lot of it hinges on not so much Apple but the merchants that are out there and whether or not that consumer is going to have a good experience the first time they try to use Apple Pay," says eMarketer analyst Bryan Yeager. "That's been one of the key issues that every mobile payments provider has struggled with."
Apple has partnerships with MasterCard, Visa and American Express, along with leading banks that handle more than 83% of U.S. credit card transactions. The merchant list includes Macy's, Bloomingdale's, Disney, Walgreens, Staples, McDonald's, ToysRUs and Whole Foods. Apple relies on NFC (Near Field Communication) technology built into the phones and compatible point of sale terminals. Apple says more than 220,000 locations in the U.S. will be able to accept such payments.
Will Graylin, CEO of the LoopPay mobile payments startup, says it will be difficult persuading tens of millions of merchants to assume the expense of upgrading point-of-sale systems. Graylin says even though there are 270 million NFC-capable smartphones in the market, he cannot find a single Google or Softcard  user that relies on their mobile wallet for everyday payments. "Putting NFC on the iPhone 6 will likely not get them to change either," he says. One incentive for businesses to upgrade terminals: an October 2015 deadline for companies to shift to a chip-based smart card standard called EMV, lest they assume liability in the case of fraud.
LoopPay sells a key fob and card case that lets consumers with an iPhone 5 or 5s, and certain Android models, pay with their devices at stores that use "magnetic stripe" point-of-sale terminals that have been around for years. It's an inelegant solution.
Apple itself had eschewed NFC before introducing Apple Pay. Why the change? The company has actually been working behind the scenes on this for a while.
"What we tend to do at Apple is typically get a vision for what we think customers would love — in this case the idea of starting to not need to carry an old-fashioned wallet around filled with plastic — and then work on what are all the right ways to do that," Schiller says.
Even if Apple Pay is a monumental success, it'll be a very long time before anyone  ditches the physical wallet. Where else for now to carry a driver's license?
1236 CONNECT 295 TWEET 120 LINKEDIN 74 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vD8FIQ

http://usat.ly/1r8KcEWFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Massive data breaches: Where they lead is surprising
The end of the road for the 56 million credit card numbers stolen a month ago from Home Depot turns out, often as not, to be a cheap meal at McDonald's or a gallon of milk at Walmart.
Post to Facebook
Massive data breaches: Where they lead is surprising The end of the road for the 56 million credit card numbers stolen a month ago from Home Depot turns out, often as not, to be a cheap meal at McDonald's or a gallon of milk at Walmart. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1x4bRfB
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
15
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Massive data breaches: Where they lead is surprising
Elizabeth Weise , USATODAY 10:30 a.m. EDT October 3, 2014
Counterfeit credit cards were seized by federal law enforcement officials from the site Fakeplastic.net in Charlotte.
(Photo: U.S. Attorney's Office)
631 CONNECT 307 TWEET 176 LINKEDIN 15 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — The end of the road for the 56 million credit card numbers stolen a month ago from Home Depot turns out, often as not, to be a cheap meal at McDonald's or a gallon of milk at Walmart.
"We're generally not seeing $1,000 transactions where they're buying wide-screen TVs," said Rob Miller, chief operations officer with San Diego-based Mission Federal Credit Union.
The story of how a massive international data breach ended up at a fast food store in California's Central Valley began last April.
That was when someone inserted malicious software — malware — into point-of-sale machines at Home Depot stores in the USA and Canada.
Many in the security community suspect the attackers were in Russia or Eastern Europe, but there's no way to know for sure. What is known is that malware skimmed off credit and debit card information, undetected, for six months.
As many as 56 million cards were compromised, according to Home Depot.
Home Depot's credit cards may have been hacked
Banks and credit unions began to see bogus charges appear almost immediately. Despite the far-reaching criminal networks that create these massive computer security breaches, the people who end up buying things with the stolen cards appear to be "just using them for day-to-day living,"  Miller said.
For Air Academy Federal Credit Union in Colorado Springs, the first indication something was wrong was when members started seeing charges on their cards from Indonesia.
"Our people travel, many of them are Air Force, but we don't have a whole lot of customers who go to Indonesia," said Brad Barnes, chief financial officer for the non-profit organization.
It was easy to cut off cards whose owners were buying gas in Colorado Springs the same day a charge suddenly popped up in Jakarta. It got a whole lot harder when the charges began appearing in Denver, an hour to the north, Barnes said.
"The financial institution is going to reimburse the customer for any fraudulent transaction on the account," said Doug Johnson, vice president for risk management policy with the American Bankers Association.
Computer security writer Brian Krebs reported that banks have  taken big losses from cards compromised in the breach.
Mission Federal has dealt with more than $100,000 in fraud claims that might be linked to cards compromised in the Home Depot breach in the past month, Miller said.
Credit unions are not-for-profit, he said, so "when we take $100,000 in credit card losses, that's $100,000 that we could have used to give our customers higher interest rates or lower loan rates."
Another cost financial institutions face is replacing compromised cards. Mission Federal Credit has gotten about 10 lists of compromised cards from MasterCard in the past two weeks. They total 28,000 cards.
"That's about 15% of the credit cards we issue," Miller said. It costs the credit union about $2.60 to replace each card, so "that's $72,800 so far. It's another hit."
The trajectory, from a continent away to a few ZIP copes away, isn't any surprise to security experts.
"The thing to remember about this whole process is that it's an industry," said Geoff Webb, director of strategy for NetIQ , a Houston-based computer security company.
ILLEGAL DIGITAL SUPPLY CHAIN
Data theft is like any supply chain. First come the manufacturers, then the wholesalers, the middlemen, the retailers and, finally, consumers.
The manufacturers are the organized professionals who plant the malicious software that steal the card information. "They've had a lot of training; they steal huge numbers of credit cards," Webb said. "That's the raw material."
Once these might have been used to buy expensive merchandise online, but credit card companies created sophisticated anti-fraud algorithms that quickly detected anomalous charges on compromised accounts.
The thieves reconfigured.
Now these numbers go to wholesalers, usually still overseas, who break them down in manageable groups of cards, sorting them by area and ZIP code.
These bundles are  offered up for sale in bulk on underground websites.
"They'll even send you samples, so you can test the quality. If it's good, you come back and buy more. Some of these guys are so confident that they have money-back guarantees," Webb said.
The middlemen buy up a list of numbers and use them to make cloned credit cards. Machines and blanks cards are readily available online.
"It's going to cost you about $500 online to set up a nice carding operation," said John Sileo, a data security expert with the Sileo Group in Denver.
A credit card counterfeiting machine was seized as evidence in the government's case against the site Fakeplastic.net in January.
(Photo: U.S. Attorney's Office)
The FBI broke up one such group in January, arresting three men behind the site Fakeplastic.net.
CLONE CARDS
The newly cloned cards are sold to low-level gangs or criminals.
One tactic is to use the cloned cards to buy gift cards. Target is a popular choice because "there they can buy 50 different kinds of gift cards in one place. They're laundering the money because it's very hard to trace those cards,"  Sileo said.
Cards are sometimes sold on street corners. Sileo's talked to people who were approached in New York City by someone saying, "I've got this $50 gift card that I can't use, I'll give it to you for $10."
The dealers are "incredibly entrepreneurial. They're working it out for their little corner of the world, in their ZIP code," he said.
The amounts the final users end up charging are tiny. The average fraud on the fake cards Mission Federal Credit Union saw in July was  $201,  Miller said.
"We see a lot of McDonald's meals, Jack in the Box, visits to Target and Walmart, maybe to get a fan or a heater," he said.
The role of the people committing the original crime — stealing the data — is limited, said Dan Kaminsky, chief scientist at White Ops , an anti-fraud company.
The final users are often poor people  trying to get by, charging small amounts on cards that last for a week or so until the credit card company cancels them.
The computer criminals half a world away "have taken the risk out of it" for themselves,  Kaminsky said. This leaves law enforcement with no one to  target.
"What are they going to do," he said, "go bust some guy in Modesto who's just trying to feed his family?"
631 CONNECT 307 TWEET 176 LINKEDIN 15 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1x4bRfB
USA NOW
Boy with toy gun shot and killed by Cleveland Police
Nov 24, 2014

Jet Offers up to 50% Discount on FlightsYou are here: Home Corporates
Jet Airways Offers Up to 50% Discount on Domestic and International Flights
NDTV | Updated On: October 02, 2014 19:01 (IST)
AirAsia's Month-End Sale Offers Up To 60% Off
Jet Airways is offering discounts of up to 50 per cent on economy class and premiere class travel, across the airline's domestic and international network.
The bookings for the special fare offer are open till October 6, 2014 (inclusive). It is valid on travel from November 5, 2014 onwards on domestic and international routes.
This offer is also valid on several flights operated by Jet Airways in conjunction with its strategic partner Etihad Airways.
On domestic flights, the discount is offered on base fare plus fuel surcharge for economy and premiere fares on flights operated by Jet Airways and JetKonnect.
On international flights, the discount is applicable only on base fares. And for travel from India to Abu Dhabi, the discount is offered only on direct flights from Ahmedabad, Goa, Lucknow and Pune.
In another special offer, Jet Airways is offering fares as low as Rs 908 (all-inclusive) on select domestic routes, which is applicable on economy class tickets. This Jet Airways offer can be availed by booking before October 5 and is valid on travel after January 15, 2015.
As part of the offer, Jet Airways is offering Kochi-Bangalore tickets from Rs 908 and Bangalore-Kochi from Rs 1,162. Bangalore-Chennai tickets under this Jet Airways offer are priced from Rs 1,162 while Chennai-to-Bangalore from 1,017. On the Bangalore-Goa route, tickets are priced from Rs 1,162 while on Goa-Bangalore from Rs 916.
In the Bangalore-Chandigarh and Bangalore-Jaipur routes tickets are priced from Rs 2,390.
Story first published on: October 02, 2014 19:01 (IST)

The Damned  Sick of Being Sick: The Week in One SongComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

US unemployment rate drops to 5.9%US unemployment rate drops to 5.9%
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Oct 3:  
The unemployment rate in the US has dropped to 5.9 per cent, the lowest since July 2008, with as many as 2.48 lakh new jobs added in the last month, latest official statistics said today.
According to Bureau of Labor Statistics, the unemployment rate in the US has declined by 0.2 percentage point to 5.9 per cent in September. The number of unemployed persons has decreased by 329,000 to 9.3 million.
“With today’s report, America’s businesses extended the longest streak of private sector job gains on record,” said Jason Furman, Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisors.
Over the year, the unemployment rate and the number of unemployed persons were down by 1.3 percentage points and 1.9 million respectively, it said.
“The data underscore that six years after the Great Recession—thanks to the hard work of the American people and in part to the policies the President has pursued—our economy has bounced back more strongly than most others around the world,” Furman said.
“But even as we take stock of the progress that has been made, too many Americans do not yet feel enough of the benefits. Yesterday, the President set out his vision for steps that can lay a new foundation for stronger growth, rising wages, and expanded economic opportunity,” he said.
The Senate Majority Leader, Harry Reid, said the report shows that the US’s economy continues to improve.
“But Congress can still do more to help struggling American families and those Americans out of work through no fault of their own,” he said.
According to the latest monthly report, the private sector has added 10.3 million jobs over 55 straight months of job growth, extending the longest streak on record.
The overall unemployment rate fell to 5.9 per cent in September, the lowest since July 2008, and is down 1.3 percentage last year.
Total job growth in August was revised up by 38,000, continuing a pattern seen over the past several years of substantial upward revisions to the initial August report.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

32 people killed  15 injured in stampede in PatnaAn injured woman is carried on a stretcher to a hospital for treatment in Patna, India on Friday, (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | Patna | Posted: October 3, 2014 9:08 pm | Updated: October 4, 2014 11:14 am
At least 32 people have been  killed in a stampede during the Dussehra celebration at Gandhi Maidan in Patna.  More than 15 people have been injured in the incident.
The tragedy occurred when people were returning after watching the “Ravan Vadh” ceremony at the Bihar capital’s main Dussehra event at Gandhi Maidan where a huge crowd had gathered to witness the event, police said.
“Thirty-three people have died,” Bihar Home Secretary Amir Subhani said.
Officials said the dead were mainly women and children.
Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manji was present at the Gandhi Maidan where people watched an arrow setting the 60 feet tall effigy of Ravan into flames.
An aerial view of the crowd gathered during the Dussehra celebrations at Gandhi maidan in Patna on Friday. (Source: PTI Photo)
According to the Patna DM Manish Kumar Verma the injured have been rushed to Patna Medical College Hospital.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke to the Bihar Chief Minister to enquire about the stampede. He sanctioned Rs 2 lakh each for the next of those killed.
“Amongst the dead, there were 5-6 children and around 20 women,” according to Patna District Magistrate Manish Kumar Verma.
Women weep next to the body of a young relative who was killed in a stampede during Dussehra festival celebrations in Patna. (Source: PTI)
Principal Secretary Home Amir Subhani said that one more person died on Saturday, taking the toll to 33. Twenty-nine others were injured of whom the condition of four patients was stated to be critical, Subhani said.
Of the 29 injured admitted to the Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH), 17 are women and 12 are men, he said.
Subhani, who along with Additional Director General of Police (Headquarters) Gupteshwar Pandey has been appointed to inquire into the stampede incident, said he would begin the probe with a visit to the spot at Gandhi Maidan at noon.
The incident happened at the Exhibition Road area near Gandhi Maidan in the heart of the city, as some people in the crowd started jostling with each other to move forward, eyewitnesses said.
The police have blocked the entry of people to the stretch now.
Some eyewitnesses said that panic broke out following rumours that a live electric wire had fallen to the ground. Slippers, shoes and footwear were seen strewn on a 500 metre stretch as people tried to flee from the scene.
“There was so much rush towards continued…

http://usat.ly/1rT4E23Stocks leap as jobs rebound; Dow adds 209
Stocks are moving higher Friday after the government's monthly employment report showed a rebounding jobs market.
Post to Facebook
Stocks leap as jobs rebound; Dow adds 209 Stocks are moving higher Friday after the government's monthly employment report showed a rebounding jobs market. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vCXUpS
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
10
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks leap as jobs rebound; Dow adds 209
Paul Davidson , USA TODAY 4:10 p.m. EDT October 3, 2014
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
83 CONNECT 80 TWEET 15 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The stock market staged a strong rally Friday -- with the Dow up  more than 200 points back above the 17,000 level -- after the government's monthly employment report showed a rebounding jobs market.
The Dow Jones industrial average added 208.64 points, 1.2%, to end at 17,009.69. The Standard & Poor's 500 index gained 21.73 points, 1.1%, to finish at 1967.90. The tech-laden Nasdaq composite index rose 45.43 points, 1%, to close at 4475.62.
The rally extended an impressive turnaround that started midday Thursday, when the Dow went from a 130-point loss to end the day down just 4 points as concerns eased about the global economy and protests in Hong Kong.
Stocks surged at the opening bell following news the labor market rebounded sharply in September as employers added 248,000 jobs, the second-largest gain for any month this year.
The unemployment rate fell to 5.9% from 6.1%, lowest since July 2008, the Labor Department said Friday.
Labor participation rate at lowest since Feb. 1978 despite recent job gains, U.S. data shows http://t.co/pBzZq6hswx
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) October 3, 2014
August's initially disappointing job gains were revised to 180,000 from 142,000. July's count was revised to 243,000 from 212,000, boosting gains for the two summer months by 69,000.
That brings total payroll gains for the year above 2 million.
The good jobs news helped patch up some of the damage from a particularly rough patch for stocks the past two weeks. Since the Dow closed at a record high of 17,279.74 on Sept. 19, it has been caught up in a string volatile trading sessions that included six triple-digit moves, four of which were on the downside, including a 238-point drop on the first trading day of October.
Friday's rally leaves the Dow less than 1.5% from its record high and for now helps quiet concerns the stock market was headed for a more serious slide.
Service jobs rise
In other economic news, U.S. service firms expanded at a healthy pace in September although it was slightly below the record pace set in August.
The Institute for Supply Management reported Friday that its service index dipped to 58.6 last month, down from a reading of 59.6 in August which had been the strongest level recorded since the measure was introduced in January 2008.
Hiring at service firms, where most Americans work, rose for a seventh straight month.
Trade gap shrinks
The U.S. trade deficit shrank for the fourth straight month in August, falling to the lowest level since January as exports rose to an all-time high.
The deficit dropped 0.5% in August to $40.1 billion, compared to a revised $40.3 billion in July, the Commerce Department reported Friday.
Global markets
In Asia, Japan's Nikkei 225 index rose 46.7 points, or 0.3%, to 15,708.7 points. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index reopened following a two-day national holiday amid massive street protests, gaining 131.6 points, or 0.6%, to 23,064.56.
Britain's FTSE 100 ended up 1.3% and France's CAC-40 gained 0.9%.
Contributing: The Associated Press, William Cummings, Ed Brackett.
U.S. firms' hiring streak hits 55 straight months; more than 10M jobs added from March 2010 through September http://t.co/x1S0o8tiWw
83 CONNECT 80 TWEET 15 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vCXUpS
USA NOW
Boy with toy gun shot and killed by Cleveland Police
Nov 24, 2014

The Nationals are in the playoffs! If only that told us anything about politics.By Philip Bump October 3 Follow @pbump
Adam LaRoche of the Washington Nationals considers his GOTV strategy. (Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images)
Congratulations to Washington's own Nationals for making the playoffs for the second time in their short history. (And only the fifth time in the city's extended history, but who's counting?) As a good person who hates the Yankees, it is nice to see a playoff spot not occupied by the Bronx Bombers, even if it is in a league for which the Yankees aren't eligible (although I bet Steinbrenner probably tried, at some point).
But here at The Fix, the important question is this: What does this tell us about the upcoming midterm elections?
As you might expect, the answer is: Not at all.
In order for us to say that declaratively, though, we had to go to the numbers. We pulled data from the three major sports leagues and also the NHL for the past 40 years to figure out what has happened in the past with the House and Senate when Washington teams make the playoffs. There wasn't enough data from baseball to tell us much (in large part because the city had no team for 34 years), but we can predict the following: If past results are any guide, Republicans will win as many as 15 or lose as many as 31 seats in the House and win one or maybe lose seven seats in the Senate.
Winning only one seat in the Senate would be a massive victory for Democrats at this point, a repudiation of every existing political model . Losing seven would mean Sens. Roberts, McConnell, and Cochran somehow all lose -- plus Democrats would need to pick up open seats in Nebraska or Oklahoma and oust senators like John Cornyn.
So it's not a great predictive model, is the point.
We assigned points based on how the Washington teams did in the playoffs held in the year of the election. Meaning that if the Washington Football Team won the Super Bowl in the 1982-1983 season, which it did, it doesn't count. But when it lost the Super Bowl the next year, we allotted it three points for getting to the big game. When it won the championship in 1992, five points. And if a team made it to the playoffs but not the championship, they were awarded one point.
So, by year:
Since the question in 2014 is, "How big will the Republicans win?" we plotted the total score by year against past House and Senate results. Giving us this.
See how it's all over the place? That's a lack of correlation at work.
But still we pressed forward, looking for the silver bullet that would spare us having to do any polling or analysis, letting us simply figure out which sport would tell us definitively how the congressional races would turn out. So we calculated the coefficient of determination for the overall score and the individual sports, and used a high-tech tool (Excel) to forecast how the House and Senate races would turn out based on past Washington playoff performances -- if there were a tight correlation.
The closer the correlation value is to 1, the stronger the direct correlation.
The NFL has the strongest correlations, mostly because Washington Football Team does well in years that there has been good political action: 1984, 1988, 1992, 2000, 2008, etc. But that means that the Football Team's failure to make the playoffs predicts doom for Republicans.
It won't happen. Just watch the baseball games and have fun, and be glad that Derek Jeter retired.
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He previously wrote for The Wire, the news blog of The Atlantic magazine. He has contributed to The Daily Beast, The Atlantic, The Daily, and the Huffington Post. Philip is based in New York City.

Nats hair is apparentBy Scott Allen October 3 Follow @ScottSAllen
(The Washington Post)
A recent, extremely important and highly scientific Washington Post study found that bearded players make up 14 percent of all active players in Major League Baseball. The study, which involved combing through more than 1,000 photos and rating players’ facial hair on an eight-point scale, also revealed that the Washington Nationals are the hairiest team in the league .
You can browse the team-by-team results, create creepy mash-ups of Nationals players like the one below and even beardify yourself to show your #Bearditude here .
Bryphen Harpburg
So the Nationals’ roster features a lot of dudes with facial hair. What does it mean?
For one thing, it bumps Washington up in the Wall Street Journal’s Hateability Index , which penalizes teams for “excessive beards.” It also bodes well for the Nationals’ hirsute pursuit of a World Series title, according to a silly study by STATS on behalf of Wahl Home Products .
The STATS study reveals that:
The past four World Series champions had more facial hair than their opponents.
Over the past 10 years, scruffy players have had a higher percentage of home runs in World Series games than clean-shaven players.
Since 2008, there have been seven triples hit in the World Series and all were hit by players who sported facial hair. (OK…)
The last three World Series MVPs all had facial hair. (Note: This counts 2011 MVP David Freese’s stubble as facial hair. Also: Check out the credit on the Freese photo below.)
David Freese, who sported stubble, was named 2011 World Series MVP. (Ray Stubblebine/Reuters)
Scott Allen writes about all things D.C. sports. Follow him on Twitter @ScottSAllen or e-mail him if you’ve got a tip to share.

I just know xyz end of trade why learn abc ahahahahahah its kid game t...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Dear bear_punch ... i appreciate your efforts in finding such an encou...Gold Member
11 Followers
Dear Bear_punch,... I appreciate your efforts in finding such an encouraging article about morepen lab. But, to my knowledge it was posted long back in 2001. I hope things change for morepen lab and they are changing even. Keeping my fingers crossed.

You don`t know abcd in mcx what you know about comex. hahaCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Afraid are those for who mmb board is life line not for ids like me wh...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Amazon chief calls on PMAmazon chief calls on PM
PTI
New Delhi, Oct 3:  
The chief executive of e-commerce major Amazon, Jeffrey P Bezos, called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
“Jeffrey P. Bezos, President, Chairman and CEO of Amazon.com, called on the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi today,” an official release said.
Bezos have been visiting Indian cities this week. Amazon, the world’s largest e-tailer has already committed $2 billion investment in the country.
Earlier this week, Bezos had said that Amazon is evaluating setting up a data centre in India to tap into the multi-billion cloud opportunity.
“We are always evaluating new locations. We started it long time ago and it has grown into a very large business, separate from our consumer business... we are building new data centres and are looking where we should put them and evaluating these in India as well,” Bezos had said.
For Amazon, which launched its marketplace in India last year, India is one of its fastest growing markets and is on track to touch $1 billion in gross sales.
Bezos had said the pace at which Internet penetration was increasing in India was stunning and that was one of the tailwinds for the growth of e-commerce.
“India is unbelievably energising; the people are focused on learning and extremely inventive,” he had said.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

SBI unveils home loan scheme for staffSBI announces revised, liberal home loan scheme for staff
Vinson Kurian
Loan limits fixed six years ago have lost relevance, says the bank
Thiruvananthapuram, October 3:  
State Bank of India has revised housing loan scheme for employees by incorporating liberal provisions in terms of maximum limits and expanded repayment period across categories.
The scheme was last revised in February, 2008. The latest revision was announced in a corporate circular dated September 30, 2014.
Group insurance
The new housing loan entitlements were decided on by a meeting of the executive committee of the central board held in Mumbai on September 19.
The benefit of revised housing loan scheme will be applicable to all eligible employees who are on roll as on September 19. The revised ceiling and interest rates will be effective immediately to all new loans sanctioned/ disbursed on or after September 30.
The bank is considering the possibility of covering all new staff housing loan accounts with a group insurance policy as an added welfare measure to all employees.
The central board noted that the loan limits fixed six years ago have lost relevance due to increase in prices of land and construction materials. Property rates have gone up substantially.
Employees/ officers have had to resort to borrowing on commercial rates to complete housing projects or to acquire ready built-up flats/houses.
Loan conversion
Existing commercial housing loan may be converted under the new scheme. Option for enhancement of loans is also allowed to liquidate existing loan, subject to conditions.
On promotion, an employee will be permitted to draw up the entitlement to the grade/scale to which he/she is promoted, for repaying loans taken on commercial/public terms.
The board noted that a number of employees have raised additional housing loan from the bank at commercial rates. Such staff members may be permitted to take the housing loan up to their revised entitlement for repaying the outstanding housing loan, subject to conditions. This facility is available only as a one-time measure and has to be used up before June 30, 2015.
Repayment for the new loans will be in 360 instalments (224 for principal + 112 for interest + maximum moratorium of 24 months.)
In the case of existing loans, the original repayment schedule of 168 + 72 instalments will continue.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

British PM ahead in polls after two yearsBritish PM ahead in polls after two years
PTI
Tweet
London, Oct 3:  
British Prime Minister David Cameron’s Conservatives today took the lead in a YouGov opinion poll for the first time since March 2012, following his party conference speech.
Cameron’s address on Wednesday promised tax cuts for 30 million workers if the Conservatives win the May 2015 general election and his speech was largely seen as a pitch to be returned to office.
The poll put the centre-right Conservatives on 35 percent, with the opposition centre-left Labour Party, led by Ed Miliband, on 34 percent.
The populist United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) was on 14 percent and the centrist Liberal Democrats, the junior partner in the coalition government, on six percent.
If replicated at the general election, with an even swing, such figures would, due to the formulation of Britain’s constituencies, likely still leave Labour comfortably the biggest party in parliament but slightly short of a majority.
The survey found people expect their finances to suffer less under a Conservative government, but believe they will be poorer in five years’ time irrespective of who wins.
YouGov president Peter Kellner said the big polling issues ahead of the election remained unresolved.
“Can the Tories turn their big lead over Labour on the economy into extra votes as the election approaches? Can Miliband persuade floating voters that he is up to the job of prime minister?” he asked.
He also said it was unclear whether UKIP could hang on to the mainly Conservative voters it had won in the past two years, if the Liberals could revive their “terrible fortunes” and whether the Scottish nationalists could overrun Labour strongholds in Scotland.
YouGov surveyed 2,133 British adults on Wednesday and Thursday.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Sakthi group Chairman passes awaySakthi group Chairman passes away
L N Revathy
Tweet
Coimbatore, Oct 3:  
City-based industrialist and Chairman of Sakthi group of companies Pollachi N Mahalingam passed away in Chennai on Thursday. He was 91.
He is survived by wife Mariammal, three sons – Manickam, Balasubramanian and Srinivasan and a daughter – Karunambal.
A staunch Gandhian, known for his philanthropic outlook and spiritual dimension, NM, as he was fondly called, was instrumental in transforming individuals into better persons, say those close to him. “I have never come across such a person in my life and never will,” said N Shanmugasundaram, Chief Executive of ABT X Travels, reminiscing NM’s contributions to society.
“Even last week, he had invited representatives from various associations here and impressed upon them the need for developing a “Coimbatore Brand”. We have lost a visionary in him,” he said.
As a Member of the Legislative Assembly for 15 years, NM had the privilege to voice the concerns of the people and suggest plans and strategies for implementation. He worked tirelessly to get the Parambikulam-Aliyar Project (PAP) implemented during his tenure.
His contributions to modern Tamil literature and his concern to popularise ancient Tamil Classical at a global level earned him a unique place in the history of Tamil Nadu.
His interest in various disciplines of knowledge made him a keen reader and prolific writer.
NM will be remembered for many things — from building the Sakthi empire and economic upliftment of this region to his relationship with saints, sages and religious scholars.
He was a close associate of former Chief Minister K Kamaraj and former Union Minister C Subramaniam. He was awarded the Padma Bhushan in 2007.
A product of the freedom movement of India, NM’s life and work is a great gift for the generations to come, writes M Ibrahim Alladin, in a book titled ‘‘Nachimuthu Mahalingam – A Living Legend”.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Bio-pesticides for tea crops on trialBio-pesticides for tea crops on trial
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kochi, October 3:  
Tata Global Beverages has initiated R&D under Project Sustainable Plant Protection Formulation (S-PPF) to evaluate the viability of biological or non-pesticidal methods for plant protection of tea crops.
S-PPF was launched in August with the vision to promote ecological agriculture and Non Pesticidal Management (NPM) in tea production in the country. To fulfil the commitment, TGB is encouraging its suppliers to use ecological practices such as bio-pesticides, biological agents, tillage etc in their farms. The availability of adequate scientific and technical knowledge will be critical for achievement of this goal.
The project is a collaborative effort between TGB, Rallis and Tata Chemicals. Field trials on plant protection formulations from plant extracts were initiated last year.
The project endeavour will be to develop a portfolio of bio-pesticides and NPM Package of Practices (PoP) that can be used in tea crops, as a step towards eliminating the use of chemical pesticides. Field trials and area based pilot projects will be initiated at TGB associate plantation companies.
Through this initiative TGB seeks to benefit the entire tea industry through dissemination of scientific and technical knowledge about a NPM approach for tea crop production. The project also has the potential to be expanded and deployed for other crops.
This will also encompass promoting behavioural changes in tea producers towards rejuvenation of eco-system including soil health, crop protection, bio-diversity etc.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Over 5 lakh people watch Ravan Vadh in PatnaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Nearly Half China s Millionaires Plan to Leave
ATM Fees Climb to Record Highs
Qualcomm Invests in Indian Start-Up Birds Eye SystemsAirAsia's Month-End Sale Offers Up To 60% Off
Mumbai: Indian technology start-up Birds Eye Systems on Tuesday said that it has raised funds from US-based electronic chip firm Qualcomm's investment arm to expand its operations.
The company said in a statement that it has raised a "fresh round of funding from Qualcomm Incorporated, through its venture investment group, Qualcomm Ventures".
Financial details and nature of the investment, however, was not revealed.
The start-up firm offers real-time traffic and travel information for Indian cities through a variety of mobile and internet channels under brand Traffline.
The statement said the funds will be used for product development, marketing and user acquisition, multi-city expansion, and towards building a robust team across targeted cities.
"As a leader in wireless technologies, Qualcomm is pleased to invest in Traffline - a compelling mobile transport application that enables city navigation with real time information on traffic, routes and parking," Qualcomm Ventures director Varsha Tagare said in a statement.
Qualcomm Ventures is investment arm of Qualcomm Incorporated.
"Getting access to accurate and real-time traffic, travel and local information is a big problem for millions of Indian commuters in major cities. We want to address this problem using an approach tailored to Indian ethos and travel conditions," Birds Eye Systems co-founder Briraj Vaghani said.
Birds Eye Private Limited had earlier secured its first round of institutional funding from Matrix Partners India.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 22:35 (IST)

Kerala government gets Rs.17.76 crore profit from Cochin airportUpdated: October 1, 2014 15:57 IST
Kerala government gets Rs.17.76 crore profit from Cochin airport
IANS
The Hindu A night view of International terminal of Cochin International Airport Limited (CIAL). File Photo:Thulasi Kakkat
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Excise Minister and CIAL Director K. Babu handed over the cheque to Chief Minister Oommen Chandy, the CIAL chairman.
Cochin International Airport Limited (CIAL), the country’s first green-field airport in the public-private partnership mode, Wednesday handed over a cheque of Rs.17.76 crore to the Kerala government as its share of profits for the last fiscal.
Excise Minister and CIAL Director K. Babu handed over the cheque to Chief Minister Oommen Chandy, the CIAL chairman.
“Each and every investor in CIAL, including the state government has by now recovered 132 percent of their investment, by way of dividends that have been received by them,” Chandy told reporters in Cochin.
In the last fiscal, CIAL had made a profit of Rs.123.37 crore after tax, which was 11.68 percent higher than that for the 2012-13 financial year.
CIAL Managing Director V.J. Kurian said a new terminal costing Rs. 850 crore will be functional in two years’ time.
CIAL has been showing consistent growth since its inception in 1999 and is paying dividends since 2003-04.
It has an investor base of 11,000 individual investors from 30 countries and the total paid up capital of the airport is Rs.306.06 crore, of which the Kerala government has invested Rs.98 crore.
Kurian said CIAL has been talking to a Singapore- based company to do the ground handling.
“No decision has been taken as yet which company should be appointed as the third ground handling agency,” he said, adding there is no move to replace Air India.

Mahindra Holidays to invest Rs. 500 crore to add 500 rooms this fiscUpdated: October 2, 2014 18:20 IST
Mahindra Holidays to invest Rs. 500 crore to add 500 rooms this fisc
PTI
PTI Arun Nanda, Chairman of Mahindra Holidays during a press conference announcing the company's acquisition of 18.8% stake in Holiday Club Resort Oy Finland, in Mumbai on Monday. File Photo
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Mahindra Holidays, which owns 42 Club Mahindra brand of timeshare resorts across the country and four overseas, will be spending Rs 500 crore to add 500 rooms to its existing 2,700 capacity this fiscal, apart from looking at entering more foreign destinations.
“We have a capex plan of Rs 500 crore this fiscal and have already spent around Rs 170 crore. The funds will be used to add around 500 more units,” Mahindra Holidays chairman Arun Nanda told PTI here.
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts is also studying more overseas destinations as part of the expansion plan. “We are keen on Sri Lanka and Malaysia,” he said.
Nanda was speaking on the sidelines of the 40-year anniversary of RCI India (formerly Resort Condominiums International), which is the largest timeshare vacation exchange network in the world with over 4,500 affiliate resorts in 100 countries and 3.7 million members.
Nanda said that as part of the expansion plan, the company just bought a 60-room property in Manali. It had also recently bought an 18 per cent stake for 13.5 million euros in the Finnish timeshare company Holiday Club, which is the largest timeshare operator in Europe.
The Mahindras are keen to avail of the option to pick up another 18 per cent in the Finnish company, which has 34 properties across Finland (26), Spain (6) and Sweden (2), over the next two years, Nanda added.
The publicly-traded Mahindra Holidays (shares closed 0.52 per cent down on the BSE on Tuesday at Rs 285.90) is the largest player in the sector with 2,700 rooms. It had a net income of Rs 100 crore last fiscal on a revenue of Rs 900 crore.
As part of the expansion plan, the company will be adding 175 rooms in Goa to the existing 325 rooms and nearly 100 more in Kerala to its existing 450 rooms. Kerala, which is its largest market, will see investment of a little over Rs 100 crore this fiscal, Nanda said.
In the overseas markets, ClubMahindra has 290 rooms-100 in Austria, 75 each in Dubai and Bangkok, and 20 in Kuala Lumpur-and has 1.7 lakh time share members, who on an average pay up Rs 4 lakh in entry fee.
RCI is part of the US-based world’s largest hotel Wydham with over 7,540 properties, including the Wydham Exchange & Rentals and Wyndham Worldwide Corporation. The group runs 24 properties in the country today and is on course to add more.
RCI India has around 4 lakh members and 40 resorts as affiliates.
The government is expecting the contribution of travel and tourism to the GDP to rise 7.5 per cent to Rs 2,34,145 crore in 2014.

Infection Point: What Shellshock Tells Us About the State of Consumer Insecurityreddit
By Neal O'Farrell, Security and Identity Theft Expert for CreditSesame.com
Nothing's secure. Believe in that mantra and you have at least a decent chance of avoiding becoming the next victim of a data breach, PoS attack, drive-by download or any one of the other many cyber threats that stalk us all daily.
Shellshock is a reminder of that. In case you hadn't heard, Shellshock is a recently discovered vulnerability that may have left millions of web servers and other technologies vulnerable to all kinds of hacking threats for more than 25 years. It was discovered by accident only recently, yet within hours of the discovery being made public, businesses around the world reported being hacked.
Shellshock is a reminder of just how vulnerable so many technologies are, partly because of their complexity, but also because no one's bothering to check if they're really secure. And those lapses leave us all exposed to all kinds of infection threats every second of the day.
Software Vulnerabilities
Like too much unpatched software. Millions of businesses all over the world are using thousands of different software programs, some of them more than a quarter of a century old. No one knows what kinds of vulnerabilities these programs have because no one's really looking. Except maybe hackers. And in many cases, the businesses don't even know what software they have installed, who installed it and if it's ever been updated.
Infected Websites
There are also way too many infected websites. It's estimated that every single day another 30,000 websites are hacked. The main focus of the hackers is to plant malware on those websites that will in turn infect any visitors to those sites. So why go to such lengths? Because hackers have realized that many users are increasingly cautious about clicking on attachments to emails, or links in them. Hackers simply had to find other ways to spread their malware. So think about it -- the next time you visit a website, any website, will you be the next to be infected?
Infected Point-of-Sale Systems
There are too many infected point-of-sale systems. Most of us can hardly go through a single day without an encounter with a point-of-sale or PoS terminal. Whether it's shopping for groceries, filling up at a gas station or fueling up at Starbucks, PoS systems are key to commerce and our lives. Which is why they're such a massive target for hackers.
Thousands of retailers now have point-of-sale terminals that are woefully insecure. Most of them can be accessed remotely with just an admin password. If that admin password can be cracked because it's weak, or employees with access to that password don't protect it well, hackers can easily upload malware that can steal credit and debit cards.
Which is exactly what happened to Home Depot, Target, Neiman Marcus, Michaels Stores and thousands of other retailers. We don't know precisely how many stores are vulnerable, but we do know most probably are. Which means you take a significant risk just paying for anything anywhere with a credit or debit card.
Antivirus Software Not Enough
To cap it all, there's not enough infection protection. There's growing consensus in the security community that today's consumer antivirus software is not capable of detecting the increasingly sophisticated malware it's supposed to be protecting your computer from. Some studies have found that the antivirus software that's on your computer right now might only be able to detect around 10% of the most sophisticated malware -- the stuff that can really hurt you.
And to make sure your antivirus software can't detect their malware, hackers are using third party testing services to test their malware against all the most popular antivirus programs until they're satisfied it can't be detected.
So no matter where you go, on the internet or in your local neighborhood, you're either directly vulnerable to malware infection or you're vulnerable to systems that can be hijacked by malware.
Neal O'Farrell, Credit Sesame's Security and Identity Theft Expert, is one of the most experienced consumer security experts on the planet. Over the last 30 years he has advised governments, intelligence agencies, Fortune 500 companies and millions of consumers on identity protection, cybersecurity and privacy. As Executive Director of the Identity Theft Council, Neal has personally counseled thousands of identity theft victims, taken on cases referred to him by the FBI and Secret Service, and interviewed some of the nation's most notorious identity thieves.
Follow CreditSesame.com on Twitter: www.twitter.com/creditsesame
More:

5 Tips For Building Your Social Dream Teamreddit
No matter what your industry, you've likely experienced a bad hire. Maybe you met your perfect candidate at a networking event, hustled through the interview process and made an offer, only to learn all too soon that in your haste, you overlooked something that left you regretting your hiring decision.  You're not alone; hiring a top-notch team is one of the most difficult and critical functions you perform for your business.
And for us social entrepreneurs, the hiring process becomes even more difficult. It's extremely challenging to build teams that not only share your social passions, but who also boast the business experience needed to maintain a healthy bottom line.
When building your social dream team from scratch, consider the following:
1. Determine your needs. Before you start making calls or reaching out to recruiters, think about your ideal candidate. What skills do they need to bring to the table? I try to select candidates that perform job functions better than I do; surrounding myself with the best extends my organization's potential and helps me grow my own skillset. In addition, you also want to consider the overall diversity of the team you are building.  Studies show that companies who bring together diverse groups of people are able to successfully tackle creative tasks such as product development or expanding into new market segments.  By prioritizing diversity during your internal needs assessment, you will actually field better candidates overall.  "We found that the engineers who are excited about the fact that we are trying to recruit women--that we have that as a value--are the people who we actually want to be hiring," said Etsy CTO Elliott-McCrea in an article for The Atlantic .
If you're just starting out and have the added pressure of having performed most corporate functions yourself for quite some time, you're likely feeling overwhelmed. Creating a well-thought-out list of positions you're looking to fill will help you emerge from the daily details and develop a strategy for building your team.
2. Cast a wide net. Once you've outlined your needs, take a step back and think through the connections you have. Make a list of peers to whom you can reach out and tap in. Attend networking events regularly to make even more connections. And when you attend, focus on quality conversation; think about ways you can help others at the event and make that your only goal. Then stay connected. Cultivating those relationships built over time will leave you with a large reservoir of talented folks willing to help you--or even join you--when needs arise.
3. Find your balance. Here's the million-dollar question: how do you find people with the ideal balance of social passion and business experience? Our corner of the world leaves us with the unique challenge of discovering partners with a for profit mindset who are driven by a nonprofit mission. Some social entrepreneurs believe this is most attainable with young candidates, who also come with lower salary requirements than their more business-experienced competition.
I've found that social passions and the desire to influence change transcend age. Finding the talent I need for my eco-friendly cleaning company is always my first priority. I screen dozens of experienced cleaners, but I only hire those whose personal values align with our standards and mission.   It takes a bit more time to determine if someone has the right balance for your team, but it's well worth it.  Checkout the book Hiring for Attitude by Mark Murphy--great ideas for non-traditional interview questions and job postings that will help you find more qualified candidates--not only in skill, but in attitude.
4. Consider a trial run. There's no law stating you need to commit to a full-time employment relationship with potential hires. Instead, consider working together on contract. Start small and work closely with potential hires, getting to know them and sharing your own leadership style. Build the relationship by assigning larger projects over time.
During the trial period, look for signs of a true team player and high EQ, while watching for red flags of lone wolf behavior. Use this time to see their social passions in action. If your gut tells you that the relationship won't work long term, there's no firing necessary, just don't assign another project. If things feel right, invite them to join your team full-time.
5. Don't stop. You've invested time, money and major effort into choosing the best and brightest for your team and you should be proud of what you've built. Don't lose the headway you've made by sitting back on your laurels. Treat those hard-earned employees like gold. Make sure they know they're family members, not just employees. Have fun and give back as a team on a regular basis. Build them up and help them grow their talents, continuing to invest in them as long as they're under your employment. If you do, they'll pay you--and your social cause--back in spades.   B Corporations are already reaping the benefits of this philosophy--especially those companies recently recognized as leaders in creating high quality jobs by B Lab.  "With Millennials' increasing demand for work-life integration, B Corps are winning the talent war," said Jay Coen Gilbert, co-founder B Lab.
As a social entrepreneur you care deeply about your work and your cause, but you should also care deeply about your people.  This is the key to building a team that will help your business--and your social mission--succeed.
This blogger graduated from Goldman Sachs' 10,000 Small Businesses program. Goldman Sachs is a partner of the What Is Working: Small Businesses section.
Follow Saudia Davis on Twitter: www.twitter.com/GreenHouseEco
More:

Crude oil prices rise ahead of US jobs reportCrude oil prices rise ahead of US jobs report
PTI
Tweet
Singapore, Oct 3:  
The cost of oil rose in Asia today ahead of the latest US jobs report and after hitting multi-month lows a day earlier in response to key exporter Saudi Arabia cutting prices.
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate (WTI) for November delivery rose 16 cents to USD 91.17 while Brent crude for November gained 11 cents to USD 93.53 in mid-morning trade.
Singapore’s United Overseas Bank said investors are keenly eyeing the release of the September US jobs report later today.
“For the September non-farm payrolls, markets are looking at a job creation of 215,000, up from 142,000 in August, while unemployment is expected to stay unchanged at 6.1 per cent,” UOB said.
US jobs figures are closely watched by crude investors for clues on the state of economic recovery and demand in the world’s top oil consumer.
The gains today come after WTI prices tumbled below USD 90 in New York intra—day trade following Riyadh’s announcement of lower prices for the fourth straight month.
WTI retreated to USD 88.18 — a level last seen on April 23, 2013 — before recovering to USD 91.01.
In London, Brent dropped to USD 91.55 a barrel, last hit in June 2012, but later rebounded to USD 93.42 at the close.
Analysts say the move by Saudi Arabia, OPEC’s biggest producer, signals its focus on maintaining market share amid a broader increase in production by rivals.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Tech advance passes auto subprime byTech advance passes auto subprime by
By Tracy Alloway in New York
Demand for bundled car loans is so strong gimmicks are superfluous
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9a9d628e-4aa6-11e4-b8bc-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hong Kong shares rebound from protest-rooted losses  Chinese property jumpsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Banks and airlines lift FTSE 100Banks and airlines lift FTSE 100
By Michael Hunter
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8f63d784-4ad0-11e4-839a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UN envoy tells Iraq and Kurds to uniteUN envoy tells Iraq and Kurds to unite in fight against Isis
By Borzou Daragahi in Baghdad
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fc53805e-4a50-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Furore over Bhagwat s Dussehra address on DDThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

U of I nurses vote to strike if deal isn t reached soon8
The 1,150 nurses represented by the Illinois Nurses Association had a three-year contract with the hospital system that has been extended twice already. The three-day vote was tallied late Thursday night, with 94 percent, 609 nurses, in favor of a strike. The one-day strike could take place as soon as Oct. 21, the day the current contract expires.
Chris Martin, a spokesman for the association, said “negotiations are not progressing well.”
The two groups remain far apart on issues like staffing, scheduling and wages.
Nurses also have been pushing for a 21.5 percent wage increase over three years, something hospital officials have said would cost the system $20 million. The nurses said the hospital offered them a 1 percent raise per year, which is less than the 1.7 percent annual inflation rate. U. of I. Hospital nurses on average earned $106,000 in 2013, according to the hospital system.
These nurses makes too much money already at $100,000 a year. Time to bring back the Philippine nurses to cut the cost
Stone Ice

Poor-rich gap growing in India: UNESCAPasia-pacific
(Weaker labour market…)
NEW DELHI: The gap between the poor and the rich is growing in the Asia-Pacific region and there has been an increase in income inequality in many major economies including India , China and Indonesia, a UN-ESCAP report has said.
"Inequality is...key socio-economic challenge for the region. At the national level, there has been an increase in income inequality in many major economies in recent decades," said the report of United Nations - Economic and Social Commission for Asia and Pacific.
"Widening income gaps across societies and within communities are the consequence of a series of factors," it added.
The Gini coefficient - a measure of income inequality - between early 1990s and late 2000s increased from 30.8 to 33.9 in India; 32.4 to 42.1 in China and in Indonesia it increased from 29.2 to 38.1, the report said.
However, during the same period the coefficient decreased in countries such as Cambodia, Kyrgyzstan, Malaysia, Nepal, Philippines, Thailand and Uzbekistan.
Weaker labour market institutions, inadequate social protection systems, poor-quality education, inadequate access to credit and land and excessive asset concentration are among the factors for widening income gaps, the report said.
"The gap between rich and poor is widespread in the region and continuing to grow in many countries...the poorest 20 per cent of the population accounts for less than 10 per cent of national income," it said.
UN-ESCAP conducted the study for about 40 countries in the Asia-Pacific region.
The ultra-high net worth individuals (UHNWIs) in the regions shows that persons with a net worth of $30 million or more accounted for 30 per cent of the region's income in 2012-13, the report said.
"This shows that wealth concentration is a major characteristic of income inequality. The region had around 49,000 persons (0.001 per cent of Asia-Pacific population in 2013) classed as UHNWIs, with about $7.5 trillion of net wealth in 2012-13," it added.
The wide gap in national income held by the ultra-rich and the poor is striking, the report said.
"It has been observed that the wealth-income ratio is rising due to the growing share of capital in national income, which is further exacerbating the inequality gap between the top 1 per cent of the population and the poorest 20 per cent."
In addition to vertical inequality among individuals, there have also been widening horizontal disparities, especially between rural and urban areas, as well as between coastal regions and the interior.
"This is particularly worrying for large multiracial countries with significant regional variations, since it can trigger social and political instability," the report added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Subway Wants You to Get Skinny -- For Your Halloween CostumeEmail
Summer's over, but now we have to stay buff for ... Halloween season? That's the mood Subway hoped to capitalize on in a new ad, in which a woman asserts she has to eat healthy to fit into her sexy Halloween costumes.
Eating healthy is something everyone should do year round, but an ad playing on women's concern for their weight, coupled with an overabundance of very adult costumes (for a night that's traditionally about children) is causing controversy.  (Sexy Halloween costumes have long been weirding us out.)
Time magazine wrote a post excoriating the ad, headlined: "Subway Wants Women to Stay Skinny So They Can Wear Sexy Halloween Costumes," and notes in the accompanying piece, "This new ad reminds you that it's never time to stop dieting."
Adds Jezebel , "The ad is obviously sexist, but it's also just stupid and lazy. How easy  would it have been for them to throw a man in as well? Plenty of guys  wear shirtless Halloween costumes."
A man does appear in the ad, but he never moves from his seat and eventually is shown in a Viking costume for laughs. That's not quite the same as the woman, who cycles through several iterations of titillating costumes.
Not everyone thinks there's a lot of meat on this controversy sandwich, though:
"You don't have to read so into it," noted TODAY's Carson Daly on Friday.
Agreed TODAY's Matt Lauer, "I do think you need to at least look for the humor in it."
A Subway spokesperson told TODAY, "We understand that some people may not have picked up on the intended humor in our Halloween commercial.  Our objective was certainly not to offend anyone."
Either way, it's important to remember ... right after Halloween comes the end-of-year holidays, and those are packed with calorie-laden treats, too. May as well eat healthy now!
Follow Randee Dawn on Google+ and  Twitter . 
Tags:

In a new ad for Subway  a woman asserts she has to eat healthy to fit into her sexy Halloween costumes.Email
Summer's over, but now we have to stay buff for ... Halloween season? That's the mood Subway hoped to capitalize on in a new ad, in which a woman asserts she has to eat healthy to fit into her sexy Halloween costumes.
Eating healthy is something everyone should do year round, but an ad playing on women's concern for their weight, coupled with an overabundance of very adult costumes (for a night that's traditionally about children) is causing controversy.  (Sexy Halloween costumes have long been weirding us out.)
Time magazine wrote a post excoriating the ad, headlined: "Subway Wants Women to Stay Skinny So They Can Wear Sexy Halloween Costumes," and notes in the accompanying piece, "This new ad reminds you that it's never time to stop dieting."
Adds Jezebel , "The ad is obviously sexist, but it's also just stupid and lazy. How easy  would it have been for them to throw a man in as well? Plenty of guys  wear shirtless Halloween costumes."
A man does appear in the ad, but he never moves from his seat and eventually is shown in a Viking costume for laughs. That's not quite the same as the woman, who cycles through several iterations of titillating costumes.
Not everyone thinks there's a lot of meat on this controversy sandwich, though:
"You don't have to read so into it," noted TODAY's Carson Daly on Friday.
Agreed TODAY's Matt Lauer, "I do think you need to at least look for the humor in it."
A Subway spokesperson told TODAY, "We understand that some people may not have picked up on the intended humor in our Halloween commercial.  Our objective was certainly not to offend anyone."
Either way, it's important to remember ... right after Halloween comes the end-of-year holidays, and those are packed with calorie-laden treats, too. May as well eat healthy now!
Follow Randee Dawn on Google+ and  Twitter . 
Tags:

PM shares stage at Ravan Dahan with Manmohan  SoniaOct 03, 2014 at 07:51pm IST
PM shares stage at Ravan Dahan with Manmohan, Sonia
6
0
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday evening shared stage with his predecessor Manmohan Singh and Congress President Sonia Gandhi in New Delhi when they joined thousands of people to celebrate Dussehra.
President Pranab Mukherjee and Vice President Hamid Ansari led the celebrations at Subhash Maidan in north Delhi in the presence of Modi, Singh and Gandhi.
Addressing the gathering in Hindi, President Mukherjee said the day symbolises victory of good over evil. "It inspires us to face difficulties come, let us work together for development," he said in his brief address.
President Pranab Mukherjee and Vice President Hamid Ansari led the celebrations at Subhash Maidan in north Delhi in the presence of Modi, Singh and Gandhi.
Before 'Ravan Dahan' when Ravan, Meghnad and Kumbhkaran are burnt in effigies, the dignitaries released white pigeons-- considered symbol of peace.
Before reaching the dais, the leaders lit the ceremonial lamp.
They were also presented with traditional weapons such as bow and arrow, sword, trident and mace by the organisers. They also enjoyed the final act of Ram Lila where Ravan is killed in battle with Lord Ram.
While Modi was dressed in saffron kurta and green Jawahar jacket, Singh was wearing his trademark white kurta-payjama.
People chanted Modi, Modi when he waved at the crowd. People were seen taking pictures on their mobile phones. Singh and Gandhi had reached the venue before the PM.
Later, Modi, Singh and Gandhi received the Vice President and the President at the gates of the grounds. Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan was also present.
After the celebrations at Subhash Maidan, Sonia and Singh reached Ramlila Maidan for another 'Ravan Dahan' event where they were joined by Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi.
Congress leader JP Agarwal is one of the organisers of the celebrations at Ramlila Maidan.
4

Jadavpur University protest: 13 students detained by police in SaltLakePress Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: October 3, 2014 7:56 pm
Thirteen students were detained by the police in Salt Lake area on Friday, who were staging a protest rally in solidarity with the protest by Jadavpur University students, who were allegedly beaten up by police on the night of September 16.
The students from various colleges gathered near Laboni area in Salt Lake, near a Puja Pandal and started raising slogans against the alleged crackdown by police on Jadavpur University students on September 16, following the gherao of Jadavpur university VC.
“We have detained 13 students as we apprehended that they might create problem during the Durga puja ceremony,” officer in charge of Bidhannagar North Police station Santanu Koar said.
Thousands of students had marched through the city’s streets on September 20 demanding the VC’s resignation .
West Bengal Governor K N Tripathi who is also the Chancellor of the University has intervened to end the stalemate in the prestigious institution, where students continue to boycott classes. Those in the mass communication department also boycotted their examination on September 18.

Kansas is more moderate than meets the eye. Thats good news for Greg Orman.By Sean Sullivan October 3 Follow @WaPoSean
Independent Senate candidate Greg Orman spoke with reporters Wednesday, Sept. 3, 2014, at the Statehouse. (AP Photo, Topeka Capital-Journal, Thad Allton)
If you were to wager that Kansas is one of the most Republican states in the country, you would be right. How then, are the state's sitting Republican governor and senator fighting for their jobs with less than five weeks until election day?
In part because Kansas is more moderate than meets the eye.
New data from Gallup shows that in the first half of 2014, 47 percent of Kansans identified with or leaned toward the Republican Party. In only eight other states, as the following chart shows, is that percentage higher. Just 34 percent of Kansans sided with the Democratic Party.
(Chart via Gallup)
But Republican does not always equal conservative. Kansas is proof of that. The Gallup data show that about as many Kansans (36 percent) identify as moderates as identify as conservatives (38 percent). Of the 10 most Republican states, Kansas is the least conservative.
Add to that the fact that the percentage identifying as or leaning toward the GOP is the lowest it's been in Kansas since 2009 and suddenly the political problems facing Sen. Pat Roberts (R-Kan.) and Gov. Sam Brownback (R) don't seem so strange.
Roberts is facing independent Greg Orman, who is pitching himself as a down-the-middle candidate who could caucus with either party if the majority comes down to him.
Brownback has faced a revolt from moderate Republicans displeased with his tax cuts and move to curtail education spending. More than 100 current and former GOP officials endorsed his Democratic opponent, state House Minority Leader Paul Davis, over the summer.
Roberts is trying to paint Orman, a past Democrat, as a liberal in disguise. A recent poll that showed Orman leading Roberts by 5 points also showed the independent winning nearly a third of Republicans. The numbers suggest that Orman's pitch as a centrist alternative to Roberts is resonating in the GOP. Roberts needs to reverse that or he could well lose his job.
The Republican playbook against Davis has been very similar to the one against Orman: Tie him to President Obama and the national Democratic Party, which are unpopular in Kansas.
If Davis and Orman can convince enough people they are moderates, there is definitely a path to victory for them. But if Republicans convince most of the electorate they are liberal Democrats, they will probably come up short.
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.

Patna: Over 30 dead in stampede at Gandhi Maidan during Dussehra festivities5
0
Patna: Tragedy struck Dussehra festivities in Patna, the capital of Bihar, on Friday evening when a stampede at the city's famous Gandhi Maidan resulted in the death of at least 32 people and left 21 others injured.
The incident happened soon after the effigy of Ravan was burnt during Dussehra festivities at the ground. Several women and children were amongst those killed.
The cause of the stampede was not immediately known although some eye-witnesses said that there was a power cut and rumours of a live wire on the ground soon spread leading to the stampede.
Those injured have now been shifted to Patna Medical College for treatment. NDRF teams are at the spot.
Soon after the tragedy, political parties indulged in blame game.
BJP leader Kirti Azad blamed the incident on the lack of proper evacuation plans at the site while Manoj Jha of the Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) accused the Bihar government of failing to manage large crowds during festivals and important occasions.
Janata Dal United (JDU) leader Ali Anwar, however, hit back saying this was not the time for politics. "All efforts should be towards rescue operations," he said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi sanctioned Rs 2 lakh for the next of the family members of those killed and Rs 50,000 for those injured in the stampede. He also spoke to Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi who was present at the site during the celebrations.
The Union Home Ministry sought a report from the state government which set up a high-level inquiry to probe the tragedy.
Those seeking information about loved ones can dial 0612-2219810. About 50 Voluntary blood donors are ready to help at Patna Medical College Hospital. They can be contacted on 9308393446.
31

Powerhouse front sweeping across U.S.  bringing severe storms and a chilly blastBy Angela Fritz October 3 Follow @angelafritz
This week’s cold front is clearly defined on visible satellite Friday morning. (NOAA)
The cold front sweeping across the U.S. this week is leaving a trail of destruction in its wake, and is expected to bring the first big chill for much of the eastern half of the country.
Storms raked across the southern states on Thursday evening ahead of the front, packing damaging winds, large hail, and torrential rain. Two possible tornadoes were reported to the Storm Prediction Center, one in Lake City, Ark., and another in Steele, Mo. Hail the size of ping pongs was reported in Kansas, though images of much larger hail in Texas had been posted to social media.
Chris in Denton just sent us this photo of hail that fell there. DF #dfwwx #txwx pic.twitter.com/FqnRpR1Sya
— NBCDFW Weather (@NBCDFWWeather) October 2, 2014
Wow! That would hurt! Hailstones from Ponder,Texas, today. pic.twitter.com/mRUTbKe0b4
— USA TODAY Weather (@usatodayweather) October 2, 2014
 
The storm brought torrential and wind speeds of up to 60 mph, leaving many residents without power. (The Washington Post)
 
There have been numerous wind gusts over 60 mph  reported  to the Storm Prediction Center, including a 70 mph gust in Fort Worth, Tex., 76 mph in Grant, Ark., and 83 mph gusts in both Webber Falls, Okla., and Wills Point, Tex., which is east of Dallas and Fort Worth.
The damage appears to be the worst in Texas, where strong winds and large hail knocked out power and caused some major structural damage. The back wall of the Stage Coach Hotel in the Fort Worth Stockyards, which is a popular area with restaurants and bars, collapsed onto a parking lot during Thursday’s storms.
Severe weather rolled across the Southeast on Thursday, bringing down power lines and trees, damaging buildings and flooding neighborhoods. (Reuters)
 
— The Bishop (@BillBishopKHOU) October 3, 2014
The Southgate area of Garland. RM #dfwwx pic.twitter.com/lTINba8q1Q
— NBCDFW Weather (@NBCDFWWeather) October 3, 2014
 
Weather stations showing temperature, wind speed, and wind direction on Friday morning. Cooler air is plummeting into the U.S. behind the cold front’s severe storms this week. ( Weather Underground )
The strong cold front has pushed storms into the Southeast on Friday morning. While widespread severe weather is not expected on Friday, much cooler air is plummeting south and east. Friday morning lows bottomed out in the 30s and 40s from Minnesota to northern Texas, and Montana and Wyoming were chilly in the 20s. Temperatures in Oklahoma are around 20 degrees cooler than they were on Thursday, and a freeze warning is in effect for parts of South Dakota, Iowa, and Nebraska.
Temperatures will continue to drop across the eastern U.S. as the front pushes through on Friday through Saturday morning. Saturday and Sunday will have the coolest nights for the D.C. area, when low temperatures will dive into the 40s.
Angela Fritz is an atmospheric scientist and The Post's deputy weather editor.

At least 32 people killed  15 injured in stampede at Gandhi Maidan inPatnaAn injured woman is carried on a stretcher to a hospital for treatment in Patna, India on Friday, (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | Patna | Posted: October 3, 2014 9:08 pm | Updated: October 4, 2014 11:14 am
At least 32 people have been  killed in a stampede during the Dussehra celebration at Gandhi Maidan in Patna.  More than 15 people have been injured in the incident.
The tragedy occurred when people were returning after watching the “Ravan Vadh” ceremony at the Bihar capital’s main Dussehra event at Gandhi Maidan where a huge crowd had gathered to witness the event, police said.
“Thirty-three people have died,” Bihar Home Secretary Amir Subhani said.
Officials said the dead were mainly women and children.
Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manji was present at the Gandhi Maidan where people watched an arrow setting the 60 feet tall effigy of Ravan into flames.
An aerial view of the crowd gathered during the Dussehra celebrations at Gandhi maidan in Patna on Friday. (Source: PTI Photo)
According to the Patna DM Manish Kumar Verma the injured have been rushed to Patna Medical College Hospital.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke to the Bihar Chief Minister to enquire about the stampede. He sanctioned Rs 2 lakh each for the next of those killed.
“Amongst the dead, there were 5-6 children and around 20 women,” according to Patna District Magistrate Manish Kumar Verma.
Women weep next to the body of a young relative who was killed in a stampede during Dussehra festival celebrations in Patna. (Source: PTI)
Principal Secretary Home Amir Subhani said that one more person died on Saturday, taking the toll to 33. Twenty-nine others were injured of whom the condition of four patients was stated to be critical, Subhani said.
Of the 29 injured admitted to the Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH), 17 are women and 12 are men, he said.
Subhani, who along with Additional Director General of Police (Headquarters) Gupteshwar Pandey has been appointed to inquire into the stampede incident, said he would begin the probe with a visit to the spot at Gandhi Maidan at noon.
The incident happened at the Exhibition Road area near Gandhi Maidan in the heart of the city, as some people in the crowd started jostling with each other to move forward, eyewitnesses said.
The police have blocked the entry of people to the stretch now.
Some eyewitnesses said that panic broke out following rumours that a live electric wire had fallen to the ground. Slippers, shoes and footwear were seen strewn on a 500 metre stretch as people tried to flee from the scene.
“There was so much rush towards continued…

Facebook s health care move
The Nats are on the front of four Washington Post sectionsBy Dan Steinberg October 3 Follow @dcsportsbog
(By Alex Brandon / AP))
If you’re interested in Washington’s baseball team, this would be a good day to buy the newspaper.
Or at least look at it while in line at Starbucks.
Or at least look at screengrabs of the section fronts on a blog while waiting for game 1 of the NLDS to begin.
Of five printed sections in Friday’s paper, four had a Nats story on the cover. Style will get with the program soon enough, though, you can be sure. Express was also on board.
(Washington Post)
(Washington Post)
(Washington Post)
Rendon on the cover of today’s express. Let’s do this Nats! #tonytwobags #nothingbutoctober @JWerthsBeard @Nationals pic.twitter.com/8yKHXWG5ZI
— Shannon Crawford (@shanamatron) October 3, 2014
Dan Steinberg writes about all things D.C. sports at the D.C. Sports Bog.

Dikhadia dekho isko aukhaat. sukdi ko deko jara. fake ids seCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Bhavesh not half. there is only one person who fingers all people. res...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

How is back after multiple shotssss for just 1 inr must reply you are ...New Member
1 Followers
looto sir happy dashera m really fan of ur calls sir i wana join u bcz m small borders n ur calls really helping a lot so from where i got ur call share me bout it sir. thanks in advance.
1.26 AM Oct 4th

Rattan india power shifting in a groups from 7th octNew Member
0 Follower
Yes that`s true it`s base less rumour as it is still in Z category also even if up gradation happens it would not directly jump to A category rather will move to B or some other category
4.19 PM Oct 6th

DoT ropes in ISRO scientists to explore use of satellite for broadbandDoT ropes in ISRO scientists to explore use of satellite for broadband
Thomas K Thomas
Tweet
New Delhi, October 3:  
The Department of Telecom has roped in top scientists from the Indian Space Research Organisation to remove bottlenecks for the use of satellite technologies in improving penetration of voice telephony and broadband in the country.
DoT and ISRO scientists have already have one round of meeting to discuss issues such as capacity addition, pricing and changes in policy required to facilitate satellite-based communications, especially in regions that are remotely located.
Big challenge
The big challenge for satellite communication is that there is not enough capacity on ISRO transponders and existing users such as DTH operators and VSAT companies have to depend on foreign transponders. According to senior DoT officials, even the capacity provided through Antrix Corporation (unit under the Department of Space) is expensive compared to other communication media. DoT had recently requested the Department of Space to reduce tariffs for providing connectivity in places such as Arunachal Pradesh and Andaman & Nicobar Islands.
There is also considerable delay in clearing VSAT permits due to cumbersome procedural requirements. These approvals are given by DoT and the DoS.
Single window clearance
DoT has proposed that a single window clearance mechanism should be developed by including a representative from the Department of Space in the Telecom Commission, the highest decision making body in the Telecom Department.
According to Euroconsult, a global consulting firm specialising in space markets, the demand for regular satellite capacity in India has been growing at over 6 per cent between 2008 and 2013 and now reached 214 transponder equivalents. ISRO/Antrix provides 43 per cent of the commercial demand for satellite capacity in India on its own satellites, with the majority being provided by foreign satellite operators. In order to meet the growing demand in the country, ISRO currently leases around 90 transponders, from foreign satellite operators SES, Measat, SingTel, Asiasat, Intelsat and IPStar.
Deepu Krishnan, Senior Consultant, Euroconsult, said: “There is also a severe lack of back up capacity in the event of unexpected satellite failures. The recent premature failure of INSAT-3E satellite in March 2014 saw the need to redeploy over 10,000 VSATs, including the ones used for critical stock exchange networks and the telecommunication links to Andaman and Nicobar islands within a short notice period.”
Krishnan said the market for consumer broadband services over satellite is currently quasi still inexistent in India, since the market remains locked by regulation and due to lack of adequate satellite systems to provide such services. In other regions of the world, notably the US, consumer broadband via satellite has gained strong traction in recent years and taken an important role to provide broadband services to the un- and under-served and remote markets. For example in US with a population of around one fourth of that in India, the number of satellite broadband subscribers has reached over 1.5 million in 2013.
The rapid growth in subscribers in the above regions in recent years has been enabled by the introduction of next generation High Throughput Satellite Systems (HTS), which offer higher capacity at a cheaper bit rate price. In Europe and North America, the two largest consumer broadband markets, the cost per Mbps of satellite internet with download speed up to 20Mbps is now comparable to terrestrial alternatives including 4G, and optical fibre Internet.
“India is seen to have a significant market potential for consumer broadband over satellite, as a large share of population still remain beyond the reach of the terrestrial broadband network. The country’s fibre infrastructure development still remain limited to urban areas as the fibre extension projects to rural remote areas were virtually stalled with the arrival of mobile networks in the late 90s,” said Krishnan.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Row over telecast of RSS chiefs speechRow over telecast of RSS chief’s speech
Our Bureau
Don’t use DD to propagate Hindutva, say Congress, Left
New Delhi, October 3:  
RSS supremo Mohan Bhagwat’s address to his organisation’s workers and national broadcaster Doordarshan’s (DD) decision to telecast the event live have kicked up a political debate.
While the ruling BJP justified DD’s decision, saying the RSS is a nationalist organisation, the Congress and the Left flayed the Government for using the state broadcaster to propagate its Hindutva ideology.
The DD’s decision to telecast the speech proves that the RSS controls the Narendra Modi Government, said the Congress.
“This is absolutely amazing, shocking, unbelievable and unprecedented...This is the most unfortunate, gross, blatant misuse of official government largesse and machinery,” said Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi.
He added that the move defines the real remote control. “This is the true chal (game), charitra (character), paribhasha (definition) of the real remote control.
“From now on, we are going to be ruled through the use of official media for Nagpur, by Nagpur and of Nagpur,” he told reporters here on Friday. The RSS is headquartered in Nagpur.
Condemning DD’s decision, the Polit Bureau of the CPI(M) alleged that the RSS used the occasion to propagate its Hindutva ideology.
“The national public broadcaster has no business to telecast live the speech of the chief of an organisation like the RSS. Such an action shows how the public broadcaster is being misused by the Modi Government,” the Polit Bureau’s statement said.
However, Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javdekar justified DD’s telecast of the one-hour speech.
News-worthy event
He said that in the past, the Government might have restricted the official broadcaster from telecasting the speech.
“Prasar Bharati takes its own decisions and I don’t know why they were not showing it earlier. It’s a news-worthy event. All private news channels are showing it. Then why should DD be banned from doing so?” he said in Mumbai.
Comparing the RSS supremo’s speech with that of the Pope, BJP spokesperson Meenakshi Lekhi said the Congress and Left never raised objections when the Pope’s message was telecast live, even when they were in power. She said people are interested in what Bhagwat says as his statement is news worthy.
The Congress and the Left trying to gain relevance by raising non-issues, she added.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Teradata sees opportunities in e-commerce  retail  healthcareTeradata sees opportunities in e-commerce, retail, healthcare
Adith Charlie
Sunil Jose
Mumbai, October 3:  
Sunil Jose has a wealth of experience in turning around the India units of multinational technology companies. In a career spanning 20 years, he has held leadership roles in Oracle, Sybase and IBM.
Five months ago, Jose came on board data warehousing company Teradata Corp as Managing Director for India.  He has already carved out a strategy to further make inroads into India’s burgeoning market.
“We are pushing ourselves to new segments such as government, utilities, retail and so on…In addition, we are investing in the ecosystem, partners and systems integrators,” Jose said. In a free-wheeling chat with BusinessLine, Jose shares his vision for Teradata India. Edited excerpts:
What motivated you to join a company like Teradata?
I have worked at large and mid-size organisations at various intervals. Oracle was a fantastic company which had a lot going for it. On the other hand, Teradata is a different ballgame. It’s close to the $3-billion-revenue mark, ideally positioning it for the next phase of growth. What Teradata has done in the last 12 months shows that the company is on the right track. We acquired some assets in the marketing applications and cloud arena at a time when the data warehousing space was exploding. Five years back, data warehousing was just a boardroom concept. I guess that was the kind of list that I was looking for.
Though it’s only been five months, could you articulate the changes you are trying to drive at Teradata since coming on board?
I would prefer to talk about what we are doing to enhance the market place. Traditionally, we have been very strong in financial services, manufacturing and telecommunications. Rapid adoption of new technologies happens in these three segments because of their deep involvement with customers.
On the other hand, retail, healthcare, e-commerce and IT/ITeS are all looking at the next trajectory of growth. So, the focus is to consolidate and enrich our position in the traditionally strong segments, while pushing ourselves to explore new arenas in which we are investing time, energy and people. We also wish to heighten our exposure around the entire ecosystem of partners and system integrators.
What is the hiring outlook like for the company in India?
In India, we have about 1,600 people and that’s a number which is growing. I could probably give you an indication by saying that we are adding a lot more of real estate. In the time that I have been at Teradata, we have added at least 300 more seats. So, hiring will definitely happen. I don’t think there will be a conservative approach to the whole thing.
It’s been over 130 days since the new government took office at the Centre. Are you seeing an improvement in the business climate?
Definitely, the optimism is there. However, 130 days is too short a duration to say that there is a lot of business on the street and that people are just going to pick it up. However, every market indicator points to the pent up demand for investments. Companies are now looking at new projects. A year ago, most of the discussions were centred about keeping the lights on. How well can we optimise? Where can we save money for new projects? Today, the discussion has shifted to what benefit will accrue if we do new projects. I don’t think companies are looking to cut corners any more.
How much of traction is there for Teradata in the e-governance space? Several state-run data centres now wish to move to the cloud, though they were not built for the cloud in the first place…
Anything to do with data centres, aggregation and so on would be of interest to Teradata. Is the government looking to move to the cloud? The answer is yes and no. The establishment may not be keen to build massive data centres like before, but they would want to hold on to some of their assets. They’ll probably go in for a hybrid model which is where the entire concept of Big Data comes into the picture. The good part is that the new government is trying to fast-track some of these initiatives.
Does Teradata India also pursue opportunities in other South Asian countries such as Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Myanmar and Nepal?
We are working on opportunities in Sri Lanka and Myanmar. As opportunities arise, we will engage in these countries. Many of these markets are at the cusp of opening up. However, we do not have a direct presence there.
How bullish is Teradata’s top management on the India unit? Going forward, will the parent make significant commitments to Teradata India?
Teradata is looking at India from a growth trajectory point of view. There is a huge interest in what we need to get done. Discussions at the senior level centre on how we can take the India unit to the next level. Let’s not forget that Teradata has a strong workforce here in India. It would be a shame if we do not have significant exposure to this market. I don’t think any company can be successful here by solely looking at India as a sourcing destination. That’s definitely not what we are here for.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Now  better urban planning through telecom networksNow, better urban planning through telecom networks
Our Bureau
Colombo-based LIRNEasia uses mobile data to give real time info on population
New Delhi, October 3:  
Can telecom networks be used for better urban planning? Colombo-based ICT think tank, LIRNEasia, has completed a project which used data from telecom networks in Sri Lanka to generate patterns related to population movement that showed concentration of people in a city at any given time of the day.
LIRNEasia used data generated from mobile usage to create heatmaps that showed for example, how Colombo city acts as a sink, sucking people out of the surrounding suburbs during work times and North Colombo, which is the poorest part of the city, is integrally connected to the southern part of the city, providing labour to the rest of the city.
Rohan Samarajiva, founding Chair of LIRNEasia, said, “This can give real time insights on the geo-spatial distribution of the population which can be used by urban planners to manage things like traffic flow in a city.”
LIRNEasia is looking to do a similar project in India with local partners. “One of the big challenges for urban planners is to determine citizen’s actual use of urban environment and why people congregate at different locations. Mobile communication patterns can be leveraged to classify them into land-use categories,” said Samarajiva. For example, if planners get to know that people are staying at a location for a significant time then they can allocate adequate resources and services to that area.
To protect user privacy, LIRNEasia did not track individual mobile users but used a larger set of data from base stations of telecom companies. Each time a mobile phone user makes a call or sends a message it sends a signal to the nearest base station to help the network route it properly. LIRNEasia used data generated from this signalling to create patterns.
“This kind of information can be critical for India, especially with the thrust on creating smart cities. Big data analytics can also be a new revenue opportunity for operators,” said Samarajiva.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Ad agency Publicis holds on to key Samsung contractHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Ad agency Publicis holds on to key Samsung contract
REUTERS
Tweet
Paris, October 3:  
Ad agency Publicis has kept hold of a major contract with Samsung Electronics, a person familiar with the matter said, calming worries it would lose a client analysts said brought in some €70 million ($88 million) last year.
"Publicis is the big winner. It has kept the budgets it had earlier with Samsung and added additional business," said the person, who declined to be named because the contract was confidential.
South Korea's Samsung, which put its advertising accounts under review in May, spends heavily on marketing to keep consumers' attention riven to its smartphones and televisions that compete globally with products made by Apple and Google.
It spent more than $11 billion on advertising and marketing last year, according to its annual report.
Publicis-owned Starcom will buy advertising space for Samsung, Leo Burnett will handle the creation of ads, digital agency Rosetta will handle on-line marketing, and DBH will handle additional functions.
Interpublic Group and MDC Holdings, which currently handle some parts of Samsung's US advertising, will continue in their current roles, according to trade publication Ad Age.
Smaller agencies including London-based CHI & Partners, which does creative work for Samsung's TV business, and Los Angeles-based 72andSunny, also kept their contracts with Samsung, according to trade publication Brand Republic.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Stocks Close Higher in Rebound Rally
Sensex down 30 points in early trade ahead of RBI policyUpdated: September 30, 2014 10:03 IST
Sensex down 30 points in early trade ahead of RBI policy
PTI
stock exchanges
The benchmark BSE Sensex fell over 30 points in early trade on Tuesday on increased selling by funds and retail investors ahead of RBI’s monetary policy review.
Continuing Monday’s weakness, the 30-share index moved further down by 30.38 points, or 0.11 per cent, to 26,566.73, with metal, FMCG, PSU, oil & gas and banking sector stocks leading the fall. The gauge had lost 29.21 points in the previous session. Also, the National Stock Exchange index Nifty shed 11.25 points, or 0.14 per cent, to 7,947.65 in early trade.
Brokers said besides weak trend on other Asian bourses tracking overnight fall in the U.S. markets, selective selling by cautious funds and retail investors ahead of RBI’s policy review later in the day influenced sentiments.
Among other Asian markets, Hong Kong Hang Seng down 0.40 per cent, while Japan’s Nikkei shed 0.36 per cent in early trade today.
The U.S. Dow Jones Industrial Average ended 0.25 per cent lower in Monday’s trade.

We have been taking a pragmatic approach: Raghuram Rajancentral bank
Raghuram Rajan on key policy rates: ''The medicine seems to be working...before the patient has run the full course of the medicine, do you want to take a chance and take him off the medicine?''
After presenting Reserve Bank of India (RBI)’s fourth bi-monthly monetary policy, Governor Raghuram Rajan fielded a range of questions. Edited excerpts:
Does the RBI have a level of the rupee in mind?
We are not there to protect a level. We are not trying to keep a level in mind and say this will be what we will stick the rupee at. Our inflation rate is different from the rest of the world. The real value of the rupee keeps changing. The nominal value will at some point have to adjust to that unless productivity also pulls up in the economy. So lots of forces determine the fundamental value of the rupee. Our objective is not to stand in the way of those forces.
The RBI’s exchange rate policy, historically and today, has been to prevent undue volatility in the rupee. And so I don’t think anybody should, therefore, assume that it is okay not to hedge foreign currency exposures.
How many more quarters for credit growth to pick up?
You are asking me to look into the future. Credit depends on investment. Investment depends on that nebulous, hard to fathom thing called animal spirits. Now, we thought we had fair amount of animal spirits with the new government coming in and all the euphoria. Now that has to translate into action by the corporations. Some bankers tell me they are seeing glimmers of action on the smaller items — the brownfield investments. But it is not anything to feel tangible. What we need to build this recovery solidly is tangible, strong investment across the board. So, we are waiting for that. I don’t think it has happened yet.
Monetary easing
There are two points here. One is that how much are interest rates a key issue in preventing growth at this point. And I would say they are not the most important factor but they are not irrelevant as a factor because after all the reason why we keep the interest rate high is to curtail demand so that demand comes more in line with supply. So, I don’t think they are the most important factor.
And second, there is no getting away from the fact that there is a general consensus — we want to bring down inflation. I have one tool to do that which is interest rate. Demand and supply act over two different periods. Today, if I put investment in the ground to create supply then that supply will emerge three or four years down the line, not tomorrow. But the demand is there today. I can curtail demand over two or three quarters through monetary policy but I create supply only after three or four years. So, in terms of which you have to bring in balance, probably demand is easier to bring into balance rather than supply. That is not say we should neglect supply. That is precisely why we haven’t raised interest rates to 18 per cent.
Interest rate is a blunt tool. Why not cut the policy rates?
Interest rate is a blunt tool but it is also the only tool. We have been pragmatic and the medicine seems to be working.
The problem is before the patient has run the full course of the medicine, do you want to take him off the medicine and say let us take a chance. That is always the danger in Indian policy that we have to have the discipline to stay the course.
On wilful defaulter
The Gujarat High Court said you can’t, sort of, involve every director as a wilful defaulter. Some of these people may be innocent bystanders. We are not curtailing the right to do business but we are curtailing the right to steal from banks. We respect Hon’ble Court’s judgment and take actions accordingly.
In terms of curtailing bank finance, let us be very careful. What we need to do in the country is get a system where somebody makes a loan and has a reasonable prospect of receiving the loan back as repayment. If we curtail that process by which they can recover their loan, you are doing far more damage to the process of running a business. These measures — wilful defaulters and non-co-operative defaulters — are ways to ensure that there is a penalty to non-repayment/ to misuse of funds from the original stated business purpose. In that sense, I believe, that there are ways to make sure that lenders feel confident when they lend that the money will be used for appropriate purposes, they can charge a reasonable interest rate and the money will be returned. By preventing such money from being returned, I think, we are standing further in the way of business than helping it.

Reserve Bank keeps policy rates unchangedUpdated: September 30, 2014 23:40 IST
Reserve Bank keeps policy rates unchanged
Special Correspondent
The central bank kept the short-term policy indicative rate (Repo rate) unchanged at 8 per cent while keeping the Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR) at 4 per cent.
TOPICS
economic indicator
‘There are risks from food price shocks’
Continuing the effort to fight “persisting inflation” and inflationary pressures, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan, on Tuesday, maintained the policy rates at the current levels.
The central bank kept the short-term policy indicative rate (Repo rate) unchanged at 8 per cent while keeping the Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR) at 4 per cent.
The repo rate is the rate at which the central bank lends money to banks. The CRR is the portion of total deposits of customers, which commercial banks have to hold as reserves either in cash or as deposits with the central bank.
“With international crude prices softening and relative stability in the foreign exchange market, some upside risks to inflation are receding. Yet, there are risks from food price shocks as the full effects of the monsoon’s passage unfold, and from geo-political developments that could materialise rapidly,” said Dr. Rajan, while addressing a press conference to announce the fourth bi-monthly monetary policy here.
Medium-term objective
Turning to the medium-term objective — inflation target of 6 per cent by January 2016 — Dr. Rajan said the balance of risks was still to the upside, though somewhat lower than in the last policy statement.
This continued to warrant policy preparedness to contain pressures if the risks materialised.
Therefore, he said, “policy stance will be influenced by the Reserve Bank’s projections of inflation relative to the medium-term objective (6 per cent by January 2016), while being contingent on incoming data.”
“Clearly”, said Dr. Rajan, “there is more confidence in achieving 8 per cent target (by January 2015) than to achieve than the 6 per cent target. Policy will depend on data and broadly we have reiterated the guidance from the August policy but said that the data has been better since then given good monsoons.”
Post-monsoon revival in construction activity and the likely strengthening of momentum in business and financial services should sustain the recent signs of expansion in the services sector. Dr. Rajan said that in pursuance of the Urjit R. Patel Committee’s recommendation to move away from sector-specific refinance, the access to the Export Credit Refinance (ECR) was is being brought down to 15 per cent from 32 per cent of the eligible export credit, “thus continuing to give banks room for manoeuvre.
“This will be in effect from October 10.”
He also said that with liquidity conditions easing, the recourse to ECR hads fallen off substantially to about 10 per cent of the outstanding export credit eligible for refinance.

Thailand Wants Tourist ID Bands After Brutal Murders
RBI maintains caution on growthNEW DELHI, October 1, 2014
Updated: October 1, 2014 00:09 IST
RBI maintains caution on growth
Puja Mehra
economic indicator
RBI cautions that the contraction in capital goods production in July and the sluggish imports of capital goods have raised concerns about sustainability of the investment recovery.
The key take-away from the Reserve Bank of India’s fourth bi-monthly monetary policy statement, released on Tuesday is the central bank’s projections on the economy’s revival, a key element on the agenda of the Modi government. The RBI did not raise its growth projection for 2014-15, retaining it at the pre-elections level of 5.5 per cent, thereby, refusing to buy into the sharp surge in business sentiment and consumer confidence that its own surveys are capturing.
Quelling all hopes of a quick turnaround of the economy, it said, the momentum of activity across the economy is yet to stabilise and that the monsoon deficiency will dampen agricultural growth, which, in turn, will spill over to the rest of the economy as lower demand for the farm sector’s produce.
Business expectations of corporates for the third quarter, surveyed by the RBI, are at a eleven-quarter high, it said in its monetary policy report, ascribing the upbeat sentiment to the formation of a stable government at the Centre and the greater certainty about the policy environment, improvement in twin deficits, buoyant foreign capital inflows, a stable exchange rate and improved financial market conditions.
The RBI’s consumer confidence survey indicates expectations for one year ahead are at their highest levels since the global financial crisis.
The RBI’s expectations, however, do not mirror this exuberance. Its stated reasons for sticking to its pre-elections growth projection are that its expectations remain ‘broadly unchanged’ for the conditions conducive to revival in investment activity,fiscal consolidation and sustained disinflation.
Stalled projects to be revived
The key to reviving growth will be the revival of stalled projects, surmounting which, the RBI said in the monetary policy statement, has so far proved formidable as a number of factors are driving the time overruns in project implementation, including land acquisition, forest clearance and supply of raw materials. Yet another binding constraint, it said, is the energy sector outlook with uncertain regarding coal supplies. The Supreme Court last week cancelled all coal blocks allocated since 1993.
The above-expectations pick-up in the first quarter, the RBI said, was buoyed by exports growth and a turnaround in gross fixed capital formation (GFCF) or investments.
Subsequently, however, it cautions, the contraction in capital goods production in July and the sluggish imports of capital goods have raised concerns about sustainability of the investment recovery.
On the consumption side too, in spite of election-related expenditure in April and May, contribution of private final consumption expenditure (PFCE) to GDP growth declined over the fourth quarter of 2013-14.

How prices of crude oil are dragging rates of agricultural commoditiesHow prices of crude oil are dragging rates of agricultural commodities
MR Subramani
Record output in corn, wheat, soyabean and higher stockpiles also factors
Chennai, September 30:  
At $96.98 a barrel currently, Brent crude prices have dropped some 12 per cent over the last 12 months. Prices of US crude, on the other hand, have fallen nearly eight per cent.
But falling crude prices seem to have inflicted more severe damage on prices of agricultural commodities, particularly corn, wheat, rice and soyabean. Prices of these commodities, barring rice, have dropped by around 30 per cent in the last one year.
Trade developments
There is a connection between fall in prices of crude oil and agricultural commodities. Let us look into these developments:
At over $100 a barrel, crude oil leads to search for alternative energy sources. This is what happened in the last few years. Costlier crude led to people looking for alternatives such as ethanol (mainly produced from corn or sugar) and bio-diesel (from rapeseed oil and palm oil).
Now that crude prices have dropped below $100, the interest for alternatives has waned. More importantly, producing ethanol or bio-diesel has become economically unviable.
Why are crude prices heading south? One reason is that inventory in the US is near a five-year high of 358 million barrels (as on September 25). On the other hand, with shale gas production gaining traction, supplies are also increasing. These have combined to keep crude prices on a leash.
These are other factors too that are responsible for the bearishness in prices of agricultural commodities.
For example, corn prices are currently ruling near a five-year low of $3.25 a bushel for December contracts on the Chicago Board of Trade (CBOT). Prices have plunged on projections by the US Department of Agriculture that production this year will be a record 14.39 billion bushels against 14.03 billion bushels last year. Harvest of corn has begun and indications are that the crop is in a good health.
Global production of corn is seen up at 987.52 million tonnes (mt) and corn stocks are seen at 189.91 mt (173.08 mt).
With ethanol prices dropping by over 30 per cent, its production from corn will be a loss-loss proposition. Therefore, use of corn for ethanol will drop, resulting in more corn being available for other purposes, including feed.
The case of corn will also hold good for sugar, whose prices too are seen under pressure for the same reason.
In the case of wheat, US production is seen at 2.03 billion bushel. Global production is seen up at 713 mt with ending stocks likely to be 193 mt (18 mt) globally.
In the case of wheat, heavy rain during harvest has resulted in some 12 mt of the foodgrain being turned into feed.
This, in turn, is putting pressure on corn. On the other hand, it is also affecting wheat since it has opened up the possibility of the cereal being available at cheaper rates. According to participants at a global wheat seminar earlier this month, prices are likely to rule between $5.75 and $5.50 a bushel and could even drop to levels of $5.
On Tuesday, wheat for delivery in December ruled at $4.77 a bushel on the CBOT.
In the case of soyabean, besides higher production of the crop, its competing crops such as palm oil are also ruling lower. Soyabean is ruling near a four-year low of $9.17 a bushel for November delivery on CBOT. Palm oil, on the other hand, has shed some of its losses, after falling to a five-year low, to recover at $676 a tonne.
Global production
With the US, Argentina and Brazil likely to harvest a good crop, global soyabean production is projected at a record 311.13 mt. Ending stocks are seen at 90.17 mt (82.88 mt).
Though palm oil exporters Indonesia and Malaysia have announced zero export duty and shipments have picked up this month, production glut of other oilseeds will keep prices of all vegetable oils at bay.
Lower crude prices will prove to be a dampener in diverting vegetable oils for producing bio-diesel. All these, then, point to an extended bear run in the global commodities market.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Gold at Asiad to pack a punch for brand MaryGold at Asiad to pack a punch for brand ‘Mary’
Meenakshi Verma Ambwani
PTI Mary Kom celebrates after winning the gold in women's flyweight boxing event at the Asian Games in Incheon on Wednesday.
New Delhi, October 1:  
Winning the Gold at the Asian Games and being the first Indian woman boxer to do that is seen as a terrific come back for MC Mary Kom.
Mary Kom, who became a more recognised name after the release of the eponymous biopic starring Priyanka Chopra in September, is likely to see her brand valuation surge, say talent managers.
Her brand valuation can go up 20-25 per cent post this historic win at the Asian Games and help her further leverage the iconic status she has got post the biopic’s release, say brand experts.
“Magnificent Mary”, who bagged the Bronze medal at the London Olympics 2012, has been associated with nearly a dozen brands including P&G, Tata Salt, Monnet, Dalmia Cements, and Vodafone.
Neerav Tomar, Managing Director and CEO of IOS Sports, which handles her endorsements, said: “Winning the Olympic medal helped her get her due share and she has been associated with nearly 12 brands. The biopic has now made her star of the masses, and this win is a big milestone.”
Tomar said hat after the film’s release three more brands have signed her up, and enquiries from others have already started pouring in after the Asian Games win. A sports clothing company and a hospital chain are among brands that recently roped her in for endorsements.
He said that the latest win will not only add more brands to her endorsement tally but also help renew existing deals at a higher valuation especially those that are to come up for renewal in December.
Indranil Das Blah, COO of talent and sports management company CAA-Kwan, said: “Unlike cricketers, for athletes brand endorsement deals remain a challenge, as visibility of the sport is limited. But the biopic has helped Mary Kom become a name, beyond the sports audience. And this win will positively help increase her brand valuation.”
Prasanna Khare, Business Head – Percept Talent Management, said that “this Gold medal will help her maintain her brand value over a longer period of time.”
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Steady growth ahead for IT firms in Q2Steady growth ahead for IT firms in Q2
Adith Charlie/Venkatesh Ganesh
Weak rupee, large deals likely to help tech majors
Mumbai / Bangalore, October 1:  
A weak rupee coupled with robust demand trends in the US may propel frontline IT companies to report a 2-7 per cent rise in dollar-denominated earnings, according to top brokerage firms.
All indications are that Tata Consultancy Services and HCL Technologies may outperform, while company-specific issues could cause Infosys and Wipro to fall behind the pack in a traditionally strong second quarter, brokerages have noted. HCL Tech follows July-June as the accounting year.
“We expect sequential revenue growth for Indian IT companies to be helped by a ramp-up of large deals. Underlying drivers of growth, that is developed markets and infrastructure management, remain intact. TCS will lead the industry with 5 per cent organic, sequential revenue growth rate (in constant currency terms),” Kotak Institutional Equities Analysts Kawaljeet Saluja, Rohit Chordia, and Shyam M, said in a research report.
Rumit Dugar, IT Analyst with Religare Institutional Research, said that TCS’s Bangalore-based counterparts Infosys and Wipro may record quarterly revenue growth of 2.5 per cent and 2.2 per cent, respectively. AK Prabhakar, an independent analyst, and some others said they were confident that Infosys is on the path to recovery, as it has managed to stem attrition at the top ever since Vishal Sikka came on board as Chief Executive Officer.
Wipro’s numbers would also be keenly watched, as the company had guided for growth in the range of 1.7 - 4 per cent for the second quarter. “I think the Q3 guidance from the company will be in the range of 2-4 per cent,” said Prabhakar.
Falling rupee
It may be recalled that the rupee has depreciated by 2.85 per cent vis-a-vis the US dollar in the three months ended September 30, while the Euro has strengthened by 5.5 per cent compared to the Indian currency.
The depreciating rupee is good news for software companies, as a lion’s share of their revenue comes from software exports to the US.
However, the appreciating Euro is a spoiler for companies such as TCS and Infosys, given that they have significant exposure to Continental Europe.
On the margins front, analysts anticipate a mixed bag. Manik Taneja, research analyst at Emkay Global Financial Services, expects Infosys and TCS to report sequential improvement in margins.
“Wipro and HCL Tech will see margins declining sequentially on account of wage increments during the quarter,” he added.
Several technology companies dish out promotions and increments to their staffers in the second quarter.
The earnings season will start on October 10, when Infosys unveils its Q2 numbers.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

There were no secret talks between Gadkari and Raj Thackeray: BJPParty will never ally with NCP either, says Javadekar
Mumbai, October 1:  
The BJP has denied that party leader and Union Minister Nitin Gadkari and chief of Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) Raj Thackeray had held a close-door meeting on Tuesday at Amravati, Vidarbha.
There were indicative reports on Tuesday that the two leaders had met for a post-poll alliance.
However, Union Minister for Information and Broadcasting Prakash Javadekar told media persons on Wednesday that though Thackeray and Gadkari were present at the same hotel in Amravati, they did not meet each other or hold any secret negotiations. Both were there to campaign for their respective parties, he added.
He said that similarly, the party was not in any talks with the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP). “A perception is being created by some people that there is a tacit alliance between the BJP and NCP. We clearly denounce these kinds of rumours” he said.
“The BJP has been at the forefront of exposing the corruption of the NCP. It has raised its voice against NCP goondaism. There are no talks with the NCP about any kind of a post poll alliance,” he added.
Javadekar said Prime Minister Narendra Modi will hold rallies in Kolhapur, Beed and Mumbai. More locations are being finalised, and will be made public soon.
The Minister said the election campaign would feature the extensive use of different platforms such as folk theatre, video vans and text messages.
Messages would be sent to three crore users in the State, and social media messages would be sent in Marathi.
People want change in Maharashtra and they will vote BJP to power, he said.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Microsoft launches 3 Lumia handsetsNew Delhi, October 1, 2014
Updated: October 1, 2014 23:33 IST
Microsoft launches 3 Lumia handsets
Yuthika Bhargava
The Hindu Ajey Mehta, MD, Nokia India Sales Pvt Ltd at the announcement of sale of new series of Nokia Lumia smartphones in New Delhi on Wednesday. Photo: R.V. Moorthy
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Lumia 830 will be available in India from October 8 at Rs.28, 799, Lumia 730 will be available starting October 6 at Rs.15, 299 and Lumia 930 will be available from October 15 at Rs.38, 649.
Expanding its Lumia series of devices, Microsoft Devices, on Wednesday, launched three new handsets — Lumia 730, 830 and 930 — priced at Rs.15,299, Rs.28,799 and Rs.38,649, respectively.
“We are focussed on growing the Windows Phone ecosystem. Our user base has been consistently growing. We have introduced three new devices, which, we believe, will help us consolidate our position in the mid-price smartphone market,” Ajey Mehta, Managing Director of Nokia India, a subsidiary of Microsoft Mobile Oy, said.
The Lumia 830 comes with a 10-megapixel PureView camera, Windows Phone 8.1 operating system with Lumia Denim update and OneDrive with 15 GB of free storage. It will be available from October 8. The Lumia 730 is a dual SIM phone that comes with a 5MP front facing camera for Skype video calls, and will be available from October 6.
The Lumia 930 has a 20MP PureView camera, a 2.2 GHz Snapdragon quad-core processor, and comes integrated Microsoft services like OneDrive and Microsoft Office. The device will be available from October 15. .

Is Tom Brady As We Know Him FinishedIs Tom Brady As We Know Him Finished?
Posted:
Updated:
10/03/2014  5:59 pm EDT
37-year-old Patriots quarterback Tom Brady is enduring one of the worst stretches of his Hall of Fame career. | Dilip Vishwanat via Getty Images
reddit
After years at the pinnacle of his career, Tom Brady's wretched play in Monday night's game confused viewers. And yet, questions about the quarterback began before the shellacking in Kansas City. With four touchdown passes through four games, Brady is off to the worst start of his professional career. Moreover, both he and the New England Patriots -- for perhaps the first time in 17 years under Bill Belichick -- appear vulnerable.
The quarterback is often considered the most important and alpha male position in pro sports, but it wouldn't be fair or accurate to place all the blame on Brady. The "re-tooled" defense -- despite ranking first passing yards against, has been thrashed by Miami and KC, and the offensive weapons have been non-existent. Aaron Dobson and Kenbrell Thompkins -- two receivers from the 2013 draft -- have been so bad that Belichick placed both on the inactive list Monday night. Fellow 2013 acquisition Danny Amendola, thought to be Wes Welker's highly touted replacement in the slot, has totaled three catches all season. And Brady's most prolific option, tight end Rob Gronkowski, is clearly not fully recovered from another massive surgery, this one on his knee.
Moreover, a reshuffled offensive line starting two rookies and desperately missing the recently dealt Logan Mankins has not been able to keep its quarterback upright.
"Just forcing it," he said of the cause of his interceptions following the 41-14 defeat . "Throwing it where I shouldn't be throwing it."
The 37-year-old completed just one of seven passes more than 10 yards down the field Monday and has now connected on a league-low 32 percent of such passes, according to ESPN's Stats & Information. In addition, his off-target percentage (25.5) is second highest among quarterbacks who have started every game this season.
Brady is a first ballot Hall of Famer with three Super Bowls and two league MVPs to his name, and we are not accustomed to seeing him and the Patriots struggle to score points. And yet, the 2-2 Pats have produced more than 300 yards of offense just one time this season with little evidence to suggest things will improve. It would however, be premature to suggest Brady's done, just as it would be to say Belichick has somehow lost his way. In fact, Brady has overcome numerous pockets of his career with a passer rating below 79 (as it currently stands), including four-game runs during the 2001, 2002, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2009 and 2013 campaigns, per Grantland.com .
"When you lose the way we lost there is not a lot [to] be gained other than the feeling that we have now and that we don't want this feeling again," Brady noted Monday night . "We've had it before. It's motivated us."
What comes next is anyone's guess.
Correction: A previous edition of this article incorrectly stated that the Patriots boasted the NFL's worst pass defense in yards against. It has not been corrected to accurately state that they have the best pass defense in that category.
Email me at jordan.schultz@huffingtonpost.com or ask me questions about anything sports-related at @Schultz_Report , and follow me on Instagram @Schultz_Report. Also, be sure to catch my NBC Sports Radio show "Kup and Schultz," which airs Sunday mornings from 9 to 12 EST and 12-1 for fantasy football, right here .
More:

Cherry juice may help fight gout: studyLondon, Oct 2:  
Drinking cherry juice concentrate may help patients beat gout, according to new research.
Tart cherries have long been researched for their association with pain relief – ranging from gout and arthritis joint pain to exercise-related muscle pain, researchers said.
The study is the first to report consumption of Montmorency tart cherries caused changes in uric acid metabolism, which can have an impact on joint pain.
The study also detected increases in specific anthocyanin compounds in the bloodstream after consuming tart cherries.
In the study, Montmorency tart cherry juice reduced blood levels of uric acid and C-reactive protein, a measure of inflammation, researchers said.
High levels of uric acid are linked to gout, a form of arthritis that can cause severe attacks of intense pain and swelling (inflammation) in various joints, including the big toe and other joints in the legs and arms.
A research team led by Dr Glyn Howatson with PhD student Phillip Bell at Northumbria University in the UK gave 12 healthy participants (average age 26 years) two doses of Montmorency tart cherry juice concentrate: about 1 ounce (30 ml) of the juice concentrate mixed with 100 ml of water (equivalent to 90 whole Montmorency tart cherries) or 2 ounces (60 ml) of juice concentrate mixed with 100 ml of water.
The researchers used a single blind, two-phase, randomised, cross-over design to identify the bioavailability of anthocyanins following the consumption of these two different doses.
There was a washout period of at least 10 days between the phases. Each phase was comprised of two days drinking the tart cherry juice concentrate twice a day - in the morning and just before dinner.
The researchers collected blood and urine samples from the participants immediately before and at numerous intervals for 48 hours after the tart cherry juice was consumed.
The results supported the researchers' hypothesis: blood levels of uric acid and C-reactive protein were reduced and urinary uric acid was increased following both doses of the tart cherry juice.
The magnitude of the change was independent of the dose given; that is, the 30 ml of the juice was just as effective as 60 ml, researchers said.
"We have been investigating Montmorency tart cherries for several years because they're a unique fruit with a high concentration of anthocyanins," said co-author Howatson.
A second study by researchers from the University of Michigan found that the antioxidant capacity in the blood was elevated after eating whole frozen Montmorency tart cherries (45 or 90 cherries), and remained elevated even 12-hours after eating the 90 cherries.
Similar to the Howatson team in the UK, they also observed tart cherry anthocyanin metabolites in the blood and urine with both doses of the whole tart cherries.
The research was published in the Journal of Functional Foods.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

2G: CBI chief defends filing of separate counter affidavitsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
2G: CBI chief defends filing of separate counter affidavits
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 2:  
CBI Director Ranjit Sinha has vigorously defended his decision to file separate individual counter-affidavits before the Supreme Court in petitions filed by the six accused seeking quashing of charges in the 2G spectrum scam.
Sinha came out with his defence after the then Special Public Prosecutor U U Lalit, now appointed as judge of Supreme Court, raised objections to these affidavits.
"No time is appropriate to bring the truth before the Supreme Court," Sinha said in a strong observation made in an internal note on the questions raised by Lalit over the matter being reconsidered by the CBI Chief and individual affidavits being filed after a consolidated reply was given earlier.
"This case (2G) was investigated and chargesheets were filed before I took over the office," he added.
Sinha said that while the trial before the special CBI court was underway, the chargesheeted accused in the case had filed writ petitions before the Supreme court which issued notice to the CBI for filing a response.
"A consolidated reply, which was not approved by me as I was on tour, was prepared and filed by the CBI on 04.03.2014 before the Supreme Court".
"Later, when the concerned file was put up to me for perusal and post facto approval, I had the occasion to examine the matter at length and while going through the case records, I came across certain facts which were probably not addressed properly during the course of investigation," Sinha said.
The CBI Director said that consequently he had made "certain queries and after obtaining the necessary clarifications, I was of the view that it was necessary to file separate individual counter affidavits."
Sinha reasoned that the case of each of the petitioners stood on different footing and complete facts and that circumstances must be brought before the apex court.
DMK leader Kanimozhi, Gautam Doshi, Hari Nair and Surendra Pipara of Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group, Shahid Balwa and Rajiv Agarwal of Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables had filed separate petitions in the Supreme Court seeking quashing of all charges made by the CBI against them.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

What s Holding Beijing Back in Hong Kong Money
GM  Chrysler  Nissan U.S. sales rise 19 percentGM, Chrysler, Nissan U.S. sales rise 19 percent
Automakers continue to post robust sales
Craig Warga / Bloomberg
IHS estimates U.S. auto sales will reach at least 16.4 million for the year, the best since 2006, when the industry sold 16.5 million vehicles. Above, a Honda dealership in New York.
IHS estimates U.S. auto sales will reach at least 16.4 million for the year, the best since 2006, when the industry sold 16.5 million vehicles. Above, a Honda dealership in New York. (Craig Warga / Bloomberg)
By Madeline O'Leary, Mark Clothier and Keith Naughton, Bloomberg News, Bloomberg
Jeep Cherokee continues to fuel Jeep brand success, with monthly record-setting sales.
U.S. auto industry continues growth paced by SUV and crossover sales increase of 12% from last year.
Low interest rates, improved labor market trigger continued auto sales surge.
NEW YORK — General Motors, Chrysler and Nissan all reported 19 percent increases in U.S. sales in September, beating the averages of analyst estimates, while Ford and Toyota Motor missed. All five reported increasing sales of sport-utility vehicles.
Jeep SUV deliveries climbed 47 percent at Chrysler, while Nissan reported a 52 percent jump in sales of Rogue SUVs. Utility vehicles were the only segment in which Ford reported a gain. The Jeep brand has set a record every month this year, fueled by the compact Cherokee, which has become the company's top-selling model.
Caption 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe
Lexus
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever...
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever... (Lexus)
Caption 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe
Lexus
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever...
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever... (Lexus)
Caption 2015 Subaru WRX
Chicago Tribune, Robert Duffer
The redesigned 2015 Subaru WRX rally-inspired all-wheel-drive compact sedan with the wide body and the distinctive hood scoop remains the best total package for space and sport under $30,000.
The redesigned 2015 Subaru WRX rally-inspired all-wheel-drive compact sedan with the wide body and the distinctive hood scoop remains the best total package for space and sport under $30,000. (Chicago Tribune, Robert Duffer)

UN Accuses ISIS Of Mass Executions  AbductionsIslamic State In Iraq Carried Out Mass Executions, Abductions: UN Report
Reuters
(Adds dropped words "this year" in 3rd paragraph)
* Mass executions, abductions by IS deemed war crimes
* UN rights chief denounces "staggering array" of abuses
* Iraqi air strikes cause "significant civilian deaths"
By Stephanie Nebehay
GENEVA, Oct 2 (Reuters) - Islamic State insurgents in Iraq  have carried out mass executions, abducted women and girls as  sex slaves, and used child soldiers in what may amount to  systematic war crimes that demand prosecution, the United  Nations said on Thursday.
In a report based on 500 interviews with witnesses, also  said Iraqi government air strikes on the Sunni Muslim militants  had caused "significant civilian deaths" by hitting villages, a  school and hospitals in violation of international law.
At least 9,347 civilians had been killed and 17,386 wounded  so far this year through September, well over half of them since  the Islamist insurgents also known as ISIL and ISIS began  seizing large parts of northern Iraq in early June, the report  said.
"The array of violations and abuses perpetrated by ISIL and  associated armed groups is staggering, and many of their acts  may amount to war crimes or crimes against humanity," said U.N.  High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad al Hussein.
In a statement, he called again for the Baghdad government  to join the International Criminal Court, saying the Hague court  was set up to prosecute such massive abuses and direct targeting  of civilians on the basis of their religious or ethnic group.
Islamist forces have committed gross human rights violations  and violence of an "increasing sectarian nature" against groups  including Christians, Yazidis and Shi'ite Muslims in a widening  conflict that has forced 1.8 million Iraqis to flee their homes,  according to the 29-page report by the U.N. Human Rights Office  and the U.N. Assistance Mission for Iraq (UNAMI).
"These include attacks directly targeting civilians and  civilian infrastructure, executions and other targeted killings  of civilians, abductions, rape and other forms of sexual and  physical violence perpetrated against women and children, forced  recruitment of children, destruction or desecration of places of  religious or cultural significance, wanton destruction and  looting of property, and denial of fundamental freedoms."
FEMALE "SEX SLAVES"
In a single massacre on June 12, the report said, about  1,500 Iraqi soldiers and security officers from the former U.S.  Camp Speicher military base in Salahuddin province were captured  and killed by Islamic State fighters.
However, the bodies have not been exhumed and the precise  toll is not known. No one disputes that Iraqi military recruits  were led off the base near Tikrit unarmed and then machinegunned  in their hundreds into mass graves by Islamic State, whose  fighters boasted of the killings on the Internet.
Women have been treated particularly harshly, the report  said: "ISIL (has) attacked and killed female doctors, lawyers,  among other professionals."
In August, it said, ISIL took 450-500 women and girls to the  Tal Afar citadel in Iraq's Nineveh region where "150 unmarried  girls and women, predominantly from the Yazidi and Christian  communities, were reportedly transported to Syria, either to be  given to ISIL fighters as a reward or to be sold as sex slaves."
Islamic State pushed on with its assault on a Syrian border  town on Thursday despite coalition air strikes meant to weaken  them, sending thousands more Kurdish refugees into Turkey and  dragging Ankara deeper into the conflict.
Islamic State and allied groups have attacked and destroyed  places of religious and cultural significance in Iraq that do  not conform to its "takfiri" doctrine, the U.N. report said,  referring to the beliefs of Sunni militants who justify their  violence by branding others as apostates.
But the report also voiced deep concern at violations  committed by the Baghdad government and allied fighters,  including air strikes and shelling that may not have  distinguished between military targets and civilian areas.     (additional reporting by Ned Parker in Baghdad; Editing by  Louise Ireland)
Related on HuffPost:

Timothy Sykes: How to Transform Haters Into Customersreddit
Do you have haters in your life or business?
I sure do. In fact, haters can be an asset if you know how to prove them wrong.
This is exactly what Timothy Sykes did. I sat down with Tim to talk about his experience of having to deal with haters in a negatively stigmatized industry like penny stocks. You know, the same penny stocks that you saw on Wolf of Wall Street.
We're talking Jordan Belfort, ladies and gentlemen.
Tim has an amazing story of his own that he will share with us. He's famously known for turning $12,000 that he received for his Bar Mitzvah when he was thirteen years old to $1.7 million in just a few years. He then started his own hedge fund in his twenties and was on a reality show called Wall Street Warriors.
Today, Tim has made the transition from full-time trading to becoming a mentor that he never had, teaching his students how to trade penny stocks online.
Sean: Your claim to fame is the story of how you've turned $12,000 you received when you were thirteen years old into $1.65 million in just a few years. Can you tell us about how that started?
Timothy: When you turn 13 in the Jewish religion, you become a man. I had all this money that I got from my bar mitzvah. My parents in their wisdom gave me control of the money, and I wanted to trade in a stock market because this was 1999. The market was going crazy. And my parents thought that I would literally lose all my money. Instead, in the next 4 years, in my senior high school year, I turned it into nearly 2 million dollars. It was all from trading little penny stocks, the kind of scams that you see in the Wolf of Wall Street.
Sean: Let's take a little step back. You're making 6 figures and 7 figures as a high school student. How did that affect the way you associate with your friends?
Timothy: It was interesting. I'm from a middle class background so whether I make a $100,000 or $700,000, it's still ridiculous for a high school student. Senior of high school and freshmen year, I didn't really have much of a social life because I was making so much money, I put a lot of time learning. Especially in the beginning, it was very intense and I just crawled by. Unfortunately, I wasn't the popular kid that I wanted to be.
Sean: You've built the brand around this luxurious and high-class lifestyle. Is this the real life you live or is this because you know it's what sells?
Timothy: It's a mix. I want to post stuff that inspires my students. And a lot of people think that's it's sketchy that I'm posting all this stuff. But the thing about what I post is that I'm just a normal guy. I'm not good in math. I'm not that smart. I understand the limitations of my strategy. I'm not promoting anything that's totally unreasonable. When you break it down trade by trade into a specific strategy and you play that strategy out over 3-5 years, it's possible to be successful and I want people to be aware of that.
Sean: It seems like you're  trying to advocate that you don't have to be this intellectual genius to be where you are today, right?
Timothy: No. I'm not an intellectual genius. I look at myself kind of like driving in chapter, driving can be very scary. And if you don't pay attention to stop signs, red lights, the lanes - you're going to crash.
Sean: I think a lot of people don't know how hard you actually work. Behind the computers, behind the fancy photos. How much time did it take for you to educate yourself to become the pro that you are today?
Timothy: It's a lot of work to learn the rules for the stock market. It took me 6 or 7 years to really learn the rules. And in the past 5 years, I've been refining them. Most of my hard work now comes from setting all the educational materials.  I posted pictures from my 7 different resorts and I tested which pictures got the best likes. And I chose the resort based on the popular photos. So, I'm kind of crazy. But If I'm posting photos to inspire my students, I want to make sure that they do inspire them. Otherwise, I'm just wasting their time and mine.
Sean: How is the Timothy Sykes brand doing?
Timothy: We're on track to pull roughly 10 million this year which is a little over double last year. There's 13 million people with online discount brokers and I have 5 thousand students. So, it's just beginning. For the first few years, people were skeptical when I had no millionaires. Now, I have several students who are getting closer to million dollars of profits.
Sean: If you have to start all over again, without the $12,000, what are some of the steps that you would take immediately in order to get to where you are today?
Timothy: I would have looked for a mentor. Step number one, I would have gone to New York City, down to Wall Street, and I would have banged on every single door as a kid. You cannot learn this stuff quickly on your own. You can learn it but it won't be quick. And mentors or gurus can give you just cuts your learning time down dramatically. Number two, I've realized that education begins right away even if you don't have any money to trade. I would suggest to learn it right away so that you're prepared mentally for trading opportunities or investment opportunities. Whether you're ready or not, you need to make the necessary mistakes before it really counts. Again, get a mentor and start learning right away.
Sean: Do you have a mentor now or did you have a mentor before that was able to guide you or was it all yourself?
Timothy: No. I never had a mentor. There was never any "Penny Stock King" who was honest. Ever since I began, penny stocks were synonymous with dishonesty and shadiness. I guess you can say  I developed into a mentor by being everything that the people on my sector are not. I learned what I don't like and I try to be the exact opposite. And that's what created my business model. And I think that's why my business model is having so much success just because I'm trying something new.
Sean: Let's talk about your future now. What do you see the focus for you being for the next 5 years?
Timothy: I think wealth gets you in the game as coin expert, I think. I've created two millionaires so far. Now, the question is "How many people can I teach? How effectively can I teach?" It takes a few years to become a good trainer, it's taking me several years to refine my teaching skills. I'm basically going to spend time redesigning my website, and redesigning all my educational materials. It's going to focus on the same stuff but it's going to be a lot more digestible and hopefully more effective.
Visit thegrowthlist.com to hear the full 30-minute audio interview with Tim.
Follow Sean Kim on Twitter: www.twitter.com/sseankim
More:

JPMorgan cyber attack hits 76mJPMorgan cyber attack hits 76m households
By Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/961a31fa-4a7a-11e4-b8bc-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Asian stocks shake off early blues  dollar pins hopes on jobs dataAsian stocks shake off early blues, dollar pins hopes on jobs data
Reuters
Tweet
Sydney, Oct 3:  
Asian stocks steadied on Friday as Hong Kong shares rebounded from multi-month lows but they were still on track for a fourth straight week of losses amid worries about global growth.
Uncertainty about US nonfarm payrolls data due later in the day contributed to a volatile session as did lower volumes with several major centres, including India and China, shut for public holidays.
Fastfacts
Asian stocks edge up as Hong Kong stocks bounce off lows
Hong Kong unrest, U.S. nonfarm payrolls in focus
Dollar bulls count on a pick up in hiring
European stocks poised for rebound after Thursday's drop
German markets are closed for a holiday as well, but other European bourses looked set to rebound after Thursday's sharp drop.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rose 0.66 per cent, but is still down more than 1 per cent so far this week. It has fallen about 7.8 per cent in the last four weeks, marking its worst performance in over a year.
Tokyo's Nikkei climbed 0.3 per cent, while Australia's S&P/ASX 200 index gained 0.4 per cent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 0.8 per cent, turning around from a fall of more than 1 per cent earlier in the session.
"As we went into today, there was a risk this was going to happen. Traders were saying there was a bit of value in the market...today calmer heads prevailed," said Chris Weston, chief market strategist at IG.
ECB disasppoints, growth worries
The rebound in Asian stocks came even after the European Central Bank disappointed investors on Thursday by giving no hints of an imminent sovereign bond buying program.
Markets were further underwhelmed on Friday after a survey showed growth in China's services sector eased last month.
Growth worries particularly in the euro zone and China, geo-political risks as well as concerns about the effects of the Federal Reserve unwinding its massive stimulus have all conspired to unsettle global equity markets in recent weeks.
They have also driven the US dollar to a four-year high against a basket of major currencies as markets bet the Federal Reserve will hike interest rates well before the ECB and Bank of Japan.
Dollar index
The dollar index was last at 85.793, not far from the peak of 86.218 set earlier in the week. Against the yen, the dollar fetched 108.92, having reached a 6-year high of 110.09 on Wednesday. The euro traded at $1.2647, near a two-year trough of $1.2571 plumbed on Tuesday.
Dollar bulls are counting on the US jobs report to show employers stepped up hiring in September. Economists polled by Reuters expect payrolls rose by 215,000, up from a disappointing 142,000 in August. The jobless rate is seen staying at 6.1 percent.
Any disappointment in the numbers, due at 1230 GMT, could prompt investors to take profits on long dollar positions.
Investors were also keeping a wary eye on developments in Hong Kong, whose leader Leung Chun-ying defied pro-democracy protesters' demands to step down by Friday.
Leung repeated police warnings that the consequences would be serious if protesters sought to surround or occupy government buildings.
However, Chief Secretary Carrie Lam is to hold a meeting with students soon to discuss political reforms, although no timeframe has been announced.
The combination of growth worries, geopolitical risks and a stronger U.S. dollar have taken a toll on commodity prices.
Copper traded at $6,653 a tone, having plumbed a five-month low of $6,600 overnight. Oil prices wallowed at two-year lows, with Brent crude at $93.81 a barrel.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Moto 360 launched in India  priced at Rs 17 999 on FlipkartE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Financial Technologies Gets More Time for Stake Sale in IEXYou are here: Home Corporates
Electricity Watchdog Gives More Time to Financial Technologies for IEX Stake Sale
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 03, 2014 12:24 (IST)
AirAsia's Month-End Sale Offers Up To 60% Off
New Delhi:
Electricity watchdog CERC has granted one more month's time till October 31 for Financial Technologies to completely divest its stake in Indian Energy Exchange (IEX).
The Central Electricity Regulatory Commission's (CERC) decision came on a plea filed by Financial Technologies (India) Ltd (FTIL) seeking more time to complete the divestment process.
Against the backdrop of payment crisis at FTIL group firm National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL), the regulator in May had directed the company to sell stake in the power exchange by September 30.
"Considering the present stage of the divestment process, we deem it appropriate to grant one month's time, that is till October 31, 2014 for completing the process of divestment of entire share of FTIL in IEX," the regulator said in its order dated October 1.
In this regard, CERC has also directed the exchange to submit a compliance report by November 5.
FTIL has more than 24 per cent shareholding in IEX.
Even as it gave more time for compliance, the electricity regulator said IEX should pursue the divestment process in right earnest.
Referring to its ruling on the matter in May this year, the watchdog said, "we note that though the order was passed by the Commission on May 13, 2014... FTIL has initiated action only on July 7, 2014".
Axis Bank Capital has been appointed by FTIL as the investment banker for IEX stake sale.
FTIL has also filed an appeal before the Appellate Tribunal for Electricity against CERC' May order while simultaneously initiating steps to divest its entire stake in IEX.
In the wake of NSEL fiasco, which came to light last year, various regulators had initiated action against FTIL.
Last December, the Forward Markets Commission had ruled that FTIL is not a 'fit and proper person' to hold anything more than 2 per cent shareholding in commodity exchange MCX.
In March this year, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) had said FTIL is not "fit and proper" to own stakes in any stock exchange and directed it to divest existing holdings in MCX-SX and four other entities.
According to CERC's May order, decisions of Sebi and FMC have a direct bearing on the power market.
In that ruling, CERC had mentioned that "regulatory objectives of the power exchanges are similar to that of the commodity and stock exchanges in so far as the investor/consumer protection, market integrity, transparency, fairness and governance are concerned".
Story first published on: October 03, 2014 12:21 (IST)

Disruptive technology will not kill banksDisruptive technology will not kill banks
By John Authers
Banking is too heavily regulated to be threatened by newcomers
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e0b53980-4aa2-11e4-b8bc-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SEBI fines Rs. 20 lakh on 17 entities in Ahlcon caseUpdated: October 3, 2014 15:55 IST
SEBI fines Rs. 20 lakh on 17 entities in Ahlcon case
PTI
economy, business and finance
The case relates to 5.45 per cent stake acquisition by Ahlcon Parenterals’ promoters together with persons acting in concert (PACs) in the firm during 2009-10.
Capital market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has imposed a cumulative penalty of Rs. 20 lakh on 17 entities for not making a public announcement with respect to acquisition of additional shares of Ahlcon Parenterals (India) Ltd.
The case relates to 5.45 per cent stake acquisition by Ahlcon Parenterals’ promoters together with persons acting in concert (PACs) in the firm during 2009-10.
SEBI found that 17 entities, which include 14 individuals and three firms-Ahluwalia Builders & Development Group, Tidal Securities and Capricon Industrials-were persons acting in concert with promoter group of the company.
According the market regulator the PACs along with the promoter group were required to make a public announcement as there stake acquisition in the company as they had crossed the 5 per cent threshold limit.
Consequently, in an order dated October 1, SEBI has “imposed a penalty of Rs. 20 lakh” on the 17 entities which were acting in concert with the company’s promoter group.
The fine has to be paid “jointly and severally” by the 17 entities.
Under the regulator’s takeover norms, entities can acquire up to 5 per cent shares from the open market in a company without making a public announcement.
However, the moment 5 per cent shares are acquired any additional stake can be brought only after making a public announcement.
“The promoter group during the period January 2009 to March 2010 had acquired 5.45 per cent shares in the target company,” SEBI said in the order.
“Thus, they had crossed the permissible limit of 5 per cent and had to make a public announcement to acquire any additional share in terms of... Takeover Regulations which they had failed to do,” it added.
Besides these 17 entities, SEBI observed that another PAC, Madan Gopal, related to this case, had expired and therefore the current proceedings against him are abated.
The 14 individuals penalised are-Bikramjit Ahluwalia, Ram Piari, Pushpa Rani, Raman Pal, Rohini S Ahluwalia, Rohini Ahluwalia, Shobhit Uppal, Vikas Ahluwalia, Rachna Uppal, Sudarshan Walia, Sudarshan Ahluwalia, Mukta Ahluwalia, Santosh Ahluwalia and Raj Kumar Ahluwalia.
SEBI had come across the violation while examining the letter of offer by B Braun Singapore Pte Ltd along with B Braun Melsungen AG to acquire 26 per cent shares of the Ahlcon Parenterals.s

Economy adds 248 000 jobs  Unemployment Drops to 5.9 percent
GM recalls 524 000 cars tied to two injuriesGM stops sales of new pickups, recalls 524K cars
By Chris Isidore   @CNNMoney October 3, 2014: 2:38 PM ET
The Cadillac SRX is part of GM's latest recall. It also recalled a number of new pickup trucks due to a flaw with the airbags.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
General Motors told dealers to stop selling its 2015 Chevrolet Colorado and GMC Canyon mid-sized pickups on Friday.
The trucks have only recently started rolling off assembly lines. GM says a wiring problem with the trucks' airbags could keep the airbags from deploying properly when needed.
The trucks are so new that only few of them are currently in customers' possession, GM said in a statement. The vast majority are still at the factory and were about to be shipped to dealers. A few more are sitting on dealer lots.
GM is currently working on new airbag software that should solve the problem. In the meantime, no new Canyons or Colorados will be sold. The automaker said it was unaware of any injuries or deaths caused by this problem.
The new Chevrolet Colorado and GMC Canyon mark GM's re-entry into the market for smaller pickups, a vehicle type that most other automakers has abandoned.
Earlier Friday, GM recalled 524,000 vehicles to deal with flaws tied to three accidents and two injuries.
The problem in GM's morning recall can cause a part that holds the rear wheel in position to separate, which GM said can make the wheel wobble and cause a crash. The recall covers model year 2010 to 2015 Cadillac SRX and 2011 to 2012 Saab 9-4X SUVs.
It also announced a second recall for a flaw that can cause a hood latch to stick in the open position on the 2013 to 2015 Chevrolet Spark.
There are 524,000 vehicles covered in the two recalls, with most of them being in the wheel recall.
On Thursday GM recalled 117,000 vehicles for an issue with an electronics module in the chasis that could cause them to stall or not start.
First Published: October 3, 2014: 8:45 AM ET
Most Popular

Hong Kong protest groups vow to call off talks after violent clashesHong Kong protesters scrap talks with govt
AFP
Hong Kong, October 03, 2014
First Published: 09:03 IST(3/10/2014)
more photos »
Hong Kong student leaders on Friday called off talks with the government aimed at bringing an end to mass pro-democracy demonstrations that have paralysed the city, after violent clashes broke out with opposing crowds at their protest camps.
Hong Kong's main student union walked away from negotiations after angry opponents, some waving Chinese flags, began tearing down their tents and barricades in what activists said was orchestrated violence by paid thugs from "triad" criminal gangs.
"There is no other option but to call off talks," said the Hong Kong Federation of Students (HKFS), one of several groups driving a campaign for free elections that has brought tens of thousands of people onto the streets of the semi-autonomous Chinese city.
"The government and police turned a blind eye to violent acts by the triads targeting peaceful Occupy protesters," the union added, referring to Occupy Central, another prominent protest group.
Hong Kong's embattled leader Leung Chun-ying had promised students talks with government in a bid to clear the protesters, who have brought swathes of the city to a standstill by filling major thoroughfares.
The clashes marked a sudden spike in tensions after days of peaceful protests.
There were angry scenes in the packed Mong Kok and Causeway Bay shopping districts as pro-democracy demonstrators faced off with large crowds of opponents, with police struggling to keep the situation under control.
"Some of them are triad members for sure," protester Eric Leung said of the group of men that clashed with crowds in Causeway Bay as they attempted to dismantle the protest camp, wearing surgical masks to cover their faces.
"Everyone is angry and afraid -- but being afraid is not the answer," the 38-year-old told AFP.
Protesters take rest at a main road in the financial central district after riot police use tear gas against them as thousands of people blocked the road in Hong Kong. (AP Photo)
Sexual assault claims
Police said there had been two arrests and defended their response to the chaotic scenes, with senior superintendent Kong Man-keung telling reporters the force had "deployed a lot of manpower to control the situation".
But protesters were furious at the relative lack of arrests, saying pro-Beijing thugs had been freely allowed to attack their camps. Crowds in Mong Kok chanted "Bring out the handcuffs!" late into the night.
Police officers were seen escorting a man from the scene with his face covered in blood.
There were widespread allegations of sexual assault in the densely packed crowds, with three girls wearing plastic rain ponchos seen being bundled into a police van in tears after apparently being assaulted at the Causeway Bay protest.
"I urgently want to express to all citizens, no matter what attitude you have towards Occupy (Central), you still have to remain calm, and not use violence or disrupt order under any situation," Leung said in a televised message.
Read: Won’t quit, ready for talks, says Hong Kong chief
The opposition crowds  ebbed away into the night, leaving about 5,000 protesters chanting for the resignation of Leung, who they view as a pro-Beijing stooge.
While the United States, Europe and Japan have all expressed their concern at the scenes playing out in the key Asian financial hub, China's Communist authorities insisted Friday there is "no room to make concessions on important principles".
The protests were triggered by China's announcement in August that while Hong Kongers can vote for their next leader in 2017, only candidates vetted by Beijing will be able to stand -- a decision dismissed as "fake democracy" by campaigners.
Pro-democracy demonstrators rest after a night of protesting at a rally outside the Hong Kong government headquarters. (AFP Photo)
 
'Beat them to death'
Demonstrators had set a deadline of midnight Thursday for Leung to resign and for Beijing to abandon the proposals to vet candidates.
Leung refused to quit, but in a dramatic televised appearance shortly before the deadline he appointed his deputy to sit down with the HKFS, which has been at the vanguard of the protests.
Mistrust was rife that Leung was merely trying to buy time in the hope that the campaign will lose momentum, with Hong Kong residents tiring of the disruption caused by the mass sit-ins.
Friday's clashes broke out as the city returned to work after a two-day public holiday.
Read: Hong Kong protests doomed to fail, says Communist Party of China
"I don't support Occupy Central. We have to work and make money. Occupy is just a game," said a construction worker who gave his name as Mr Lee.
"Give us Mong Kok back, we Hong Kongers need to eat!" yelled another man removing the barricades there.
Individuals from both sides pushed and shoved each other as water bottles were thrown, and one anti-Occupy protester chanted: "Beat them to death, good job police!"
Protesters take cover from tear gas fired by police during riots that followed a pro-democracy protest in Hong Kong. (AFP Photo)
Shop owners have told of a massive downturn in business after days of demonstrations.
"I supported (the pro-democracy activists) at first but when they escalated their action, they have gone too far," said Janice Lam, 54, an onlooker in Causeway Bay.
Hong Kong Finance Secretary John Tsang warned that if the unrest persists, the city's status as one of the world's most important trading hubs could be under threat.
"If this situation were to persist we're going to see some damage to our system," he told a press conference.
He added that extended protests could seriously dent "confidence in the market system in Hong Kong -- that would bring permanent damage that we could not afford".

Cereal sales go soggy as breakfast shrinksCereal sales go soggy as breakfast shrinks
By Scheherazade Daneshkhu, Consumer Industries Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/771a89b2-4af2-11e4-839a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dollar surges on rate rise expectationsDollar surges on rate rise expectations
Neil Dennis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c42cb060-4b04-11e4-b1be-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Another forfeiture outrageBy Radley Balko October 3 Follow @radleybalko
The Des Moines Register has the story of William “Bart” Davis and John Newmer­zhycky, two gamblers who had more than $100,000 seized from them after they were pulled over by Iowa state police.
Davis and Newmer­zhycky were westbound on Interstate Highway 80 in Poweshiek County on the morning of April 15, 2013, traveling from a World Series of Poker event at the Harrah’s casino in Joliet, Ill. During the trip Davis, a longtime professional poker player, mentored Newmer­zhycky on how to improve his poker playing, Newmerzhycky said. The two had known each other for approximately two years.
At the time of the stop, Newmerzhycky was driving a rented red Nissan Altima with Nevada license plates. The Des Moines Register obtained depositions, other documents and dash camera video detailing what happened next.
At 8:50 a.m., Trooper Justin Simmons — a member of eastern Iowa’s interdiction team — began following the vehicle carrying Newmerzhycky and Davis. In a report, Simmons wrote that an Illinois law enforcement officer had relayed concerns to Iowa authorities about a red vehicle, a forfeiture complaint says.
But in a deposition taken while the pair fought the seizure of their money, Simmons said he did not know why Illinois authorities had flagged the red vehicle or whether they’d suspected it was involved in criminal activity. More than 10 minutes after he began following the car, Simmons initiated a traffic stop, claiming Newmerzhycky failed to signal while passing a black SUV.
However, attorneys have now argued that a dash camera video taken from Simmons’ patrol cruiser — which was several car lengths behind the Altima — shows Newmerzhycky using his turn signal, contrary to the troopers’ report . . .
So the entire stop that lead to the seizure was based on claims by the trooper that either can’t be verified or are clearly contradicted by dash-cam video.
Simmons took Newmerzhycky into his patrol car to conduct a “motorist interview,” a tactic used by interdiction officers to ask questions of a motorist and ferret out suspicious behavior, Simmons said in a deposition. During the interview, Newmerzhycky appeared to be breathing rapidly and fidgeting with his hands — all signs interdiction officers are trained to look at as signs of potential criminal activity, Simmons said in a deposition.
Nonsense. Perhaps he was nervous because he’d heard about the practice of civil forfeiture and was afraid they’d take his money. Or maybe he’s just nervous around cops. Perhaps because he’d read stories like this one.
After telling Newmerzhycky he was free to leave with a warning, the trooper asked whether there were any drugs or cash in the car. Despite Newmerzhycky’s asking if he was free to leave, Simmons called Trooper Eric VanderWiel to the scene so that VanderWiel’s drug dog, Laika, could scan the car’s exterior.
This is another common tactic. The cop tells the motorist he is “free to go,” then tosses out a couple of additional questions or asks to bring in the drug dog. The cop can then argue in court that the additional questions were voluntary, not a product of the official detainment. The insinuation here is that the motorist was free to leave, therefore the search was voluntary. It’s pure fiction. What would have happened if, after Simmons summoned the other trooper, Newmerzhycky simply got into his car and drove away? Would Simmons have let him go? Of course not. Driving away would have been cast as an attempt to flee and probably would have brought criminal charges.
The pair had told the troopers they had no drugs or currency inside the car. In reality, however, Davis kept his money — $85,020 of the total — packaged neatly inside a locked briefcase.
So yes, they lied to the cops. Probably because they knew if they told the cops about their cash, the cops would have taken it from them.
The troopers told the pair that VanderWiel’s dog “alerted” on the vehicle’s back side. However, the spot where the dog alerted was out of the frame of the video from Simmons’ vehicle, the lawsuit said.
Convenient. And not at all uncommon . And drug dogs are notorious for false alerts in the field . In this case, however, the police did find a small amount of pot and a grinder, enough to merit a misdemeanor charge for Newmerzhycky. That was also enough for the state of Iowa to try to keep the money. The Iowa police then called California authorities, who searched the men’s homes. Despite both men having medical marijuana cards, those searches led to felony charges in California. After more than a year, all charges in both states have been dropped, and the state of Iowa has returned $90,000 of the money. But the men are still out some $30,000 they spent on attorney fees and other legal expenses.
As the Register reports, the Iowa state police have previously come under fire for their forfeiture tactics.
Davis and Newmer­zhycky’s lawsuit is the latest in a string of Iowa legal battles over state troopers’ tactics. Some Iowa judges have ruled that troopers stretch their authority by holding motorists for searches without reason to suspect criminal activity.
For instance, judges with the Iowa Court of Appeals ruled last year that nervousness being exhibited by a driver who is interacting with a trooper during a stop should not, on its own, be taken as an indicator of criminal activity. In that ruling, judges also said that troopers paint with a “broad and unconstitutional brush” by making decisions to pull vehicles over based on suspicions tied to out-of-state plates.
The lawsuit claims that members of the interdiction teams more often give traffic warnings and citations to drivers from outside Iowa. An October 2013 Des Moines Register review of 22,000 warnings and citations given by the teams from 2008 to 2012 showed that 86 percent went to non-Iowans.
I suspect we’ll see more of this. Residents of Colorado or Washington especially will probably want to think twice before driving through bordering states with large amounts of cash.
 
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

Scientists use microbes to pre-digest fancy coffeeBy Rachel Feltman October 3 Follow @rachelfeltman
Civets may be out of the job -- and that's a good thing. (Carlo Allegri/Reuters)
Making civet coffee usually requires -- well, a bunch of civets. But the founders of a new company called Afineur are trying to cut the critters out of the equation for their own good, Wired reports .
A civet. (Kyodo News via AP)
The luxury beverage, which costs around $80 a cup, uses beans that have been eaten, digested, and expelled by the musky animals, which look a bit like a cross between a cat and a mongoose and live mostly in southeast Asia. This process makes the coffee less acidic and gives it a unique flavor profile.
Supposedly. I wouldn't know, because I can't afford civet poop.
These poor civets have had a rough time of it: In addition to producing tasty and highly sought after coffee in their guts, they also make a musk that's quite the commodity in the perfume world. Unsurprisingly, that means a lot of the creatures are raised in factory-farm-like conditions. In many cases, civets are force-fed an unhealthy diet made up almost entirely of coffee beans.
But how to get that civet-esque taste without harming any civets, now that demand is too high to just traipse around looking for naturally digested beans? Simple: Just try to digest the coffee in a lab.
Co-founder Camille Delebecque, a synthetic biologist, is keeping mum on which microbes he and food scientist Sophie Deterre are using to replicate a civet gut. But while they haven't taken the microbes directly from a civet -- or even tried to copy exactly what goes on in the gut flora of the animal -- they're using bacteria to ferment the beans in a way that mimics the taste of the delicacy. And in theory, producers of coffee could use different cocktails of bacteria to change bean taste in all sorts of ways.
Read more (including some feedback from a taste test) at Wired .
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

The Texas abortion decision: On the state level  conservatives are winningComments
By Paul Waldman October 3
A three-judge panel on the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals has ruled that Texas’ restrictive new abortion law can go into effect , resulting in the immediate closure of 13 of the state’s abortion clinics. There are now only eight clinics that perform abortions in a state with 26 million people spread out over more than a quarter-million square miles.
Here’s what this means: If this ruling holds, before long abortion could become all but illegal in nearly every state controlled by Republicans.
We talk a lot about Washington gridlock, but this is actually an era of activist legislation at the state level. That’s true of states controlled by both Republicans and Democrats, but it’s especially true in a few areas, particularly abortion. Between 2011 and 2013 — after Republican success in the 2010 election — there were over 200 restrictions passed on abortion at the state level, an unprecedented surge in legislative activity. The Texas statute represents a relatively new kind of effort, to not just make getting an abortion as unpleasant and difficult a process as possible for women, but to shut down clinics entirely.
Both kinds of efforts have an impact. In a couple of dozen states, legislatures have imposed waiting periods to get an abortion, because women are obviously too irrational to make decisions on the spot. There are also 17 states that mandate “counseling” before an abortion, which often involves medical personnel being forced to read women misleading or outright false propaganda about bogus links between abortion and breast cancer or “fetal pain.” Then there are the states that force women to get ultrasounds whether they want them or not.
But the kind of law that Texas passed is aimed at shutting down clinics entirely. It does so by imposing a set of requirements on clinics that are designed to be nearly impossible to meet. The best known is the requirement that the physician performing abortions must have admitting privileges at a hospital within a certain radius of a given clinic. This would have precisely zero effect on whether a woman suffering complications from an abortion could get care at any hospital; a doctor without admitting privileges can still bring her patient to the hospital if it becomes necessary. It just means that one of the hospital’s doctors would have to officially admit the patient.
Because of an organized campaign of terrorism aimed at abortion doctors over the last couple of decades, which has included bombings and assassinations, many doctors come from out of state to provide abortions, and therefore can’t have admitting privileges; hospitals are also reluctant to bestow the admitting privileges on a doctor providing abortions for fear they too could become a target.
Like other restrictions, the admitting privileges requirement was concocted by Republican legislators precisely because they knew many abortion clinics would be unable to satisfy it and would therefore have to shut down. Texas’ law also requires that facilities performing abortions meet the building standards of ambulatory surgical clinics, which can mean millions of dollars in unnecessary upgrades.
This decision wasn’t surprising, given that the 5th Circuit is a particularly conservative court. But the reasoning of the judges was breathtaking all the same. The Planned Parenthood v. Casey decision written by Sandra Day O’Connor in 1992 established the “undue burden” standard, which says that a state can restrict abortion so long as the restrictions don’t impose an undue burden on women. This court decided that despite the fact that Texas’ law would mean that one out of every six women in the state would live more than 150 miles from the nearest abortion clinics after the law shut so many of them down, that wouldn’t constitute an undue burden. As Jeffrey Toobin wrote : “The members of the Fifth Circuit panel seem to believe that anything short of a nationwide ban on abortion does not amount to an undue burden on women’s rights. This is the argument that will soon be heading to the Supreme Court.”
There may be no more nakedly dishonest argument in all of American politics than the Republican claim that these kinds of restrictions are just meant to protect women’s health and safety, not to cut off their access to abortion services. It’s a lie, pure and simple, and every Republican who utters it know full well that he or she is lying. But if the Supreme Court were to uphold this decision, it would be a signal to every Republican-controlled legislature — one you can bet they’d heed — that there’s almost no restriction on abortion rights that is too extreme, too contemptuous of women and their rights, or too disingenuous to pass the Court’s muster. Right now, there are states where abortions are all but impossible to get; for instance, there’s only one clinic in all of North Dakota that performs them. But ten years from now, half the country could look like that.
So the next time you’re tempted to think that the really important political developments are all at the federal level and it’s barely worth knowing who your state representative is, think of cases like this one.

President Obamas criticism of Fox News Obamacare coverage confirmedBy Erik Wemple October 3 Follow @ErikWemple
President Obama and former Health and Human Services secretary Kathleen Sebelius (Charles Dharapak/Associated Press)
President Obama enjoys elbowing Fox News from time to time. One such time came yesterday afternoon in an address at Northwestern University in Evanston, Ill.: “There’s a reason fewer Republicans you hear them running about Obamacare — because while good, affordable health care might seem like a fanged threat to the freedom of the American people on Fox News, it turns out it’s working pretty well in the real world,” said the commander in chief.
That slight comes on top of the president slamming Fox News for obliterating common ground in American politics ; for bringing a “destructive” viewpoint to politics ; for propagating conspiracy theories .
The attacks signal that Fox News irks the president — that the network’s frequent attacks against him aren’t beneath contempt. Being in the cable-news business, Fox Newsers well understand that a tweak from the president elevates their network. In a blog post on the fantastic GretaWire , Fox News host Greta Van Susteren noted that the attention amounts to “free promo for Fox!” And on her show , Van Susteren repeated the boast about promotion, then segued into the heart of the matter: “In these very troubling times, from Ebola to beheadings, we need the president to act presidential, that means not blaming others or acting cool in front of a bunch of students, by blaming Fox for whatever ails him or his administration …”
Van Susteren also wrote on her blog: “There is a lot of VERY SERIOUS stuff going on in the world.  That’s what the President should be talking about.”
Greta Van Susteren, try unloading that whole very-serious-stuff argument on Dean Angstadt. He’s the Pennsylvania logger who allowed Fox News to help shape his outlook on Obamacare . He had needed to have a heart valve replaced but lacked health insurance . Having heard all manner of negative information on Obamacare, Angstadt resisted signing up until a friend all but forced him to do so. Asked by the Erik Wemple Blog whether he had gotten his impression of the law from Fox News, Angstadt replied, ““Yeah, yeah — they get people fired up. You know what, I really do have a different outlook on it. It’s really wrong that people are making it into a political thing. To me, it is a life-and-death thing.”
That’s serious stuff.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Is Beijing adopting a Putin-style tactic to fight Hong Kong protestsBy Adam Taylor October 3 Follow @mradamtaylor
A pro-democracy protester  bleeds from his mouth as he is escorted by police after being beaten by anti-Occupy Central protesters at Hong Kong's Mongkok district, where a main road is occupied, on Oct. 3.  (Bobby Yip/Reuters)
For those watching the pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong, there are obvious reminders of a parallel with another student-led protest in a major Chinese city 25 years before. It's an uncomfortable thought. The 1989 Tiananmen Square protests only came to an end when soldiers opened fire on the largely peaceful protesters, killing hundreds if not more.
But a long time has passed since 1989, and a lot has changed, both in China and the wider world. There are numerous signs that Beijing might instead be looking toward another, more modern example for how to control mass urban protests.
This one was perfected by Vladimir Putin.
Much like how Beijing's decision to only allow pre-approved candidates to contest Hong Kong's election spurred the protests in the city, it was a single event that led to protests in Moscow and other Russian cities in Winter 2011. Many Russians looked at the 2011 Duma Elections as evidence of the blatant corruption of Russian society, and took to the streets to protest. For Putin, then prime minister, it was worrying timing: He was just months away from his planned return to the Kremlin, and he had built his legitimacy as Russian leader upon a tacit agreement with the people that freedom could be curtailed in return for economic growth and stability. That agreement suddenly began to look fraught.
Opposition activists protest in central Moscow on Dec. 10, 2011. The poster depicts Russia's then-Prime Minister Vladimir Putin looking old and reads: "2050 — No!"  (Yuri Kadobnov/AFP)
So how did Putin crack down? In hindsight, surprisingly slowly and cautiously. He mobilized his supporters, in particular the youth movement Nashi, to counter-protest. In state media, he blamed the protests on ominous "foreign forces" and pointed to the hand of the United States and Europe. But most importantly, he was patient: While the protests were far from peaceful, Russian security forces were clearly holding back, applying constant but infrequently overbearing pressure. They were playing the long game. After months of protests through the bitter 2011-2012 winter left activists with little to show, the protests lost momentum. By the end of 2012, they were virtually dead.
After the protests withered, however, that's when the real crackdown came. Putin tightened the screws on Russian society, clamping down on independent media and non-governmental organizations. The United States Agency for International Development (USAID) was forced to close its offices. Protest leaders, now out of the limelight, suddenly found themselves in considerable legal woes – the protest leader with the most significant momentum, lawyer and blogger Alexey Navalny, has been in and out of court since the main protest movement ended, and he is currently restricted under house arrest .
Russian protest leader Alexei Navalny looks out from a glass-walled cage during a court session in Kirov on July 19, 2013. (Sergei Karpukhin/Reuters)
There are some obvious parallels between the recent protests in Moscow and Hong Kong. The cosmopolitan disposition of many Hong Kong residents echoes the urban, elite values of many of the Muscovite protesters who formed the core of the Russian movement. Both are protesting what they see as a lack of democracy from their authoritarian governments. Russian state media has explicitly linked the Hong Kong protests to the so-called "Orange" revolutions in its neighboring countries, which are widely seen as foreign-orchestrated and ultimately negative. And while Russia may be considered a pariah in the West, in China it's still viewed warmly. As Jeremy Page recently noted at the Wall Street Journal , Putin's mythology has a place there: Some even refer to him as "Putin the Great."
Even before the protests in Hong Kong, there were signs that Beijing was clamping down on civil society in China. The Post's  Simon Denyer recently spoke to a number of experts who said that Xi Jinping had recently applied pressure on NGOs in the country, in part inspired by Putin. “Xi doesn’t want to go back to Mao’s path, but he doesn’t agree to Western democracy, either," Xiao Shu, a visiting fellow at Columbia University and a former newspaper columnist, told Denyer. "So Xi will follow the third path — Putin-style democracy, a controllable democracy — by shutting down the NGOs that are not submissive and supporting NGOs that are useful to government.”
And once the protests began, there were other signs. Chinese state newspapers blamed the protests on "foreign anti-China forces." And while police responded harshly over the weekend, with tear gas and pepper spray, they since appear to have been more restrained. Patience now appears to be a distinct policy. “The strategy is to control the situation and let them occupy until a time that the inconvenience caused to others in Hong Kong will swing the public opinion against Occupy or pressure the organizers to call it off,” one source told the Wall Street Journal . “They can wait to a time the public opinion will swing.”
Jeff Bader, formerly the Obama administration’s former top adviser on Asia, told The Post's William Wan that such a tactic could work. Unlike in other large protests, such as in Egypt in 2011, or even Tiananmen in 1989, the protesters in Hong Kong have a lot to lose if things drag out. "[Hong Kong residents] don't see democratic development as the key to a good life, which they already have," Bader explained. "They would like it, but they have other objectives, which the current economic and social system in Hong Kong effectively promote and ensure."
A local resident breaks through police lines and attempts to reach the pro-democracy tent Oct. 3 in Mong Kok, Hong Kong. (Chris McGrath/Getty Images)
On Friday, things stepped up a notch, with anti-protester crowds clashing with protesters in parts of Hong Kong . While those opposing the protests may have gathered spontaneously, there is a strong suspicion among protesters that the groups were organized by Beijing. This echoes not only the role of the pro-Kremlin groups in the Russian protests (and the suspicions that surrounded them), but also other pro-government groups who have popped up in protests over the years all around the world. At the time of writing, the clashes seem to have entrenched the protests, though that could change.
Even if Beijing can use Putin-style tactics to clamp down on Hong Kong in the short term, it will be difficult to neuter the movement as successfully as the Russian state did in the longer term: Hong Kong's strong civil society and history of a free press are a big contrast to Moscow. And ultimately, even in the short term, the success of Beijing's tactics will depend on how protesters react. "[The Putin strategy] only works if the protesters fail to sustain or broaden their actions or refuse to escalate them," Jay Ulfelder, an American political scientist who focuses on political instability , explains. "Those things didn't happen in Russia a few years ago, but I think they are happening now in Hong Kong."
However, as bad as a Putin-style slow crackdown on Hong Kong might be, as Leonid Bershidsky pointed out at Bloomberg View, the alternative – a bloody crackdown like that in Kiev during Euromaidan  – would probably be worse. Given Beijing's vast security apparatus and political will, that may well end up looking not so dissimilar to Tiananmen 25 years ago.
Adam Taylor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. Originally from London, he studied at the University of Manchester and Columbia University.

Unemployment is finally under 6 percent  but dont expect a raise anytime soonBy Matt O'Brien October 3 Follow @ObsoleteDogma
(Karen Bleier/AFP/Getty Images)
It only took six years, but unemployment is finally under 6 percent again. Don't break out the champagne just yet, but if you want to do a little victory dance, go ahead.
It was pretty much good news all around. The economy added 248,000 jobs in September, 69,000 more in revisions, and, yes, the unemployment rate fell from 6.1 to 5.9 percent, mostly for the good reason that people were finding work. (Although the labor force did shrink by 97,000).
Now, this is the part where we round up the usual caveats: these are just provisional numbers with a margin of error of 100,000. As always, it makes more sense to look at the longer-term trend instead of trying to divine too much from a single data point. But, as you can see below, the three-month jobs average is still at a respectable 224,000. Our slow and steady recovery might, every-so-slightly, be getting a little less slow.
Which brings us to the Federal Reserve. It's just about to finish winding down its bond-buying program, and the question now is when it will start raising rates. The Fed has said it will wait for a "considerable time" after QE3 ends to do so, but it's given itself enough wiggle room thanks to the vagaries of Fedspeak to move that up if necessary. So would this kind of job growth, assuming it's sustained, get the Fed to start lift off in, say, March instead of June, like people expect?
Probably not.
Even though unemployment is approaching something close to normalcy, there are still plenty of reasons to think there's plenty of slack left in the economy. There are over 7.1 million people who want full-time jobs, but can only find part-time ones; almost 3 million people who have been unemployed for six months or longer; and fewer prime-age workers between 25 and 54 years old than you'd expect in a healthy economy. These are all getting a little bit better each month, but there's still a long ways to go.
And all this "shadow unemployment," as economists David Blanchflower and Adam Posen show, is why workers haven't really gotten raises even as joblessness is officially falling. Indeed, as you can see below, wages were flat in September, up just 2 percent on the year. The Fed, in other words, can afford to keep rates low for a long time, because inflation isn't coming anytime soon.
It would probably take, by the sad standards of this recovery, sustained and substantial growth of something on the order of 300,000 jobs a month for the Fed to move up the first rate hike. That's because it wants to be sure, really sure , that the economy can handle higher interest rates before it raises them. Otherwise, it might have to backtrack and cut rates to zero again, like Japan did in the 2000s, or Europe has today. Raising rates too soon, in other words, might paradoxically force rates to stay at zero longer than if they'd been more patient — which, not-so-coincidentally, has become the Fed doves' byword . With shadow unemployment still so high and wage inflation still so low, there's no reason that even a good jobs report like this one should change the Fed's thinking.
Let's see how long this recovery can keep chugging along.
Matt O'Brien is a reporter for Wonkblog covering economic affairs. He was previously a senior associate editor at The Atlantic.

32 killed in stampede at Patna Dussehra eventUpdated: October 4, 2014 09:34 IST
Stampede at Ram Leela kills 32
Amarnath Tewary
The Hindu Relatives of missing persons struggle with police to enter Patna Medical College & Hospital where persons injured during the stampede are being treated. Photo: Ranjeet Kumar
PTI A policeman takes a victim to hospital.
PTI Footwear of the stampede victims lie scattered at Dussehra function venue at Gandhi Maidan in Patna on Friday. Photo: PTI
PTI Family members of those injured in the stampede weep at Gandhi Maidan in Patna on Friday. PTI
TOPICS
religion and belief
The tragedy occurred when people were returning after watching the "Ravan Vadh" ceremony at the main Dussehra event at Gandhi Maidan.
A stampede at a Ram Leela ceremony in Patna on Friday has killed 32 people and injured over 15 others. The incident occurred as people were returning after the Ravan Vadh at the Gandhi Maidan here. The injured have been admitted to the Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH).
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who spoke to Chief Ministe Jitan Ram Manjhi about the incident, has announced a compensation of Rs 2 lakh for the families of the dead. The state government has announced a relief of Rs 3 lakh for the victims and ordered a high level probe by the State Home Secretary and Additional Director General of Police. The probe team has been asked to submit the report within 24 hours
Rumours sparked panic
The stampede at Patna’s Gandhi Maidan following the Ram Leela ceremony on Friday was apparently triggered by rumours that an electrical wire had snapped, leading to panic as the people were leaving the venue near the Maurya Lok Hotel.
Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manji was present at the Gandhi Maidan along with a large number of people who had gathered to see the Ravan vadh on the occasion of Vijaydashmi, the last day of Dussehra.
Patna District Magistrate Manish Kumar Verma and hospital authorities said among the dead were 27 women and children and five men

IPR regime is fully compliant with global norms  says GovtNEW DELHI, October 3, 2014
Updated: October 3, 2014 22:44 IST
Govt. denies bowing to U.S. pressure on IP regime
Puja Mehra
trade dispute
Obama-Modi statement reiterates need for bilateral mechanism: Nirmala Sitharaman
The Modi Government on Friday denied that the reference to Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) in the joint statement from U.S. President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi earlier this week, was an outcome of the U.S. “arm-twisting”. The U.S. consent to discussion of IPR issues through the bilateral mechanism is a re-affirmation of India’s stand that issues need bilateral discussion and not unilateral action, a Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) clarification said.
The clarification further said the bilateral mechanism agreed to for discussing IPR disputes — Trade Policy Forum (TPF) — was put in place by the UPA Government in March 2010 through a US-India statement, was signed by the then Commerce Minister and his U.S. counterpart. “We have not submitted to the U.S. or yielded ground…. We have reiterated that the U.S. should not act unilaterally,” Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman told The Hindu.
The joint statement, the DIPP clarified, in fact “merely reiterates” the position India has held since 2010 — this consistent position being that the IPR legal regime in India is fully TRIPS compliant and that issues to be discussed have to be taken up in bilateral forums like TPF. India has consistently refused to be subjected to unilateral action, the clarification added.
The U.S. has proposed unilateral action against India under its Special 301 report, which is an annual report on IPR under U.S. Trade Act.
India has been repeatedly raising the issue of copyright piracy and misappropriation of traditional knowledge with the U.S., the clarification added.
The joint Indo-U.S. statement issued during Prime Minister Modi’s recent visit to the U.S. had said: “Agreeing on the need to foster innovation in a manner that promotes economic growth and job creation, the leaders committed to establish an annual high level Intellectual Property (IP) Working Group with appropriate decision making and technical level meetings as a part of the trade policy forum”.
The TPF that had not met for three years is scheduled to meet later this month. It includes the Innovation and Creativity Focus Group for consultations between the two countries at least twice a year on improving IPR protection and enforcement, working towards greater IPR awareness and fostering innovation and creativity through increased collaboration between U.S. and Indian innovators, the clarification stated.

3 Stocks with insider buying
The 10 smartest suburbs in America  according to MovotoEvanston ranks among nation's 10 smartest suburbs
Caption Santa Monica, Calif.
Michael Nelson/EPA
Its high number of museums, colleges and bachelor's degrees makes Santa Monica the smartest suburb in the country, according to Movoto.
Its high number of museums, colleges and bachelor's degrees makes Santa Monica the smartest suburb in the country, according to Movoto. (Michael Nelson/EPA)
Caption Evanston, Ill.
Chris Walker/Chicago Tribune
Evanston, home of Northwestern University, is Movoto's No. 2 smartest suburb. In addition to Northwestern, the suburb has several other universities and colleges and has the ninth most museums in the country.
Evanston, home of Northwestern University, is Movoto's No. 2 smartest suburb. In addition to Northwestern, the suburb has several other universities and colleges and has the ninth most museums in the country. (Chris Walker/Chicago Tribune)
Caption Berkeley, Calif.
Justin Sullivan/Getty
Berkeley, Movoto's No. 3 smartest suburb, has the most colleges and universities per capita and the sixth highest percentage of residents with bachelor's degrees.
Berkeley, Movoto's No. 3 smartest suburb, has the most colleges and universities per capita and the sixth highest percentage of residents with bachelor's degrees. (Justin Sullivan/Getty)
Caption Cambridge, Mass.
Joe Raedle/Getty
Cambridge, home of Harvard University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology, is No. 4 on the list. MIT's Ray and Maria Stata Center, which houses classrooms and auditoriums, is shown here.
Cambridge, home of Harvard University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology, is No. 4 on the list. MIT's Ray and Maria Stata Center, which houses classrooms and auditoriums, is shown here. (Joe Raedle/Getty)
Caption Cupertino, Calif.
Justin Sullivan/Getty
Though No 6. may not have as many nearby universities, Cupertino makes up for this with its younger students. Of all places Movoto considered, Cupertino students ranked highest in test scores and had a 95 percent high school graduation rate. It is also home to Apple headquarters.
Though No 6. may not have as many nearby universities, Cupertino makes up for this with its younger students. Of all places Movoto considered, Cupertino students ranked highest in test scores and had a 95 percent high school graduation rate. It is also home to Apple headquarters. (Justin Sullivan/Getty)
See more galleries
According to the  Movoto Real Estate blog’s latest analysis, America’s suburbs are among some of the smartest cities in the country.
The analysis collected data using the U.S. Census American Community Survey, greatschools.org and business listings. The 109 suburbs were then ranked based on the following criteria:

Apple to hold iPad event on Oct. 16Tom and Jerry’s new racism warning on Amazon Prime .
Uh, Tim, We Blew Our Budget on U2, but There’s This Great Cover Band in Los Gatos …
Apple has a few more new products to unveil before the year is out, and it plans to show them off in a couple weeks. Sources tell Code/red the company will hold its next special event on Thursday, Oct. 16 — not the 21st . Headlining the gathering: The latest updates to its iPad line, along with that hi-res iMac 9to5Mac told us about earlier this week . Also: OS X Yosemite. Given the breadth and spectacle of Apple’s September event, this one will be a more laid-back affair held at the company’s Town Hall Auditorium in Cupertino, without any mysterious white structures and awkward one-song concerts . Apple declined comment.
E.C. Favs Facebook’s WhatsApp Deal
Facebook’s $19 billion acquisition of the Internet messaging service WhatsApp will soon be a done deal. On Friday, the European Commission gave it the green light , despite the objections of some telecom operators who fear it could harm their mobile messaging businesses. The E.C.’s approval follows a similar decision by U.S. antitrust authorities in April and is the final step before the acquisition can close. Worth noting: The E.C. punted on reviewing the possible privacy implications of the deal. “The commission analyzed potential data concentration issues only to the extent that it could hamper competition in the online advertising market,” it said . “Any privacy-related concerns flowing from the increased concentration of data within the control of Facebook as a result of the transaction do not fall within the scope of E.U. competition law.”
Report: Google X Building Best Legos Ever
The Wall Street Journal : “Google’s secretive advanced-projects lab is developing a display composed of smaller screens that plug together like Legos to create a seamless image, according to three people familiar with the project.”
Point/Counterpoint: Neener-neener vs. Ha-Ha
Apple CEO Tim Cook : “At Apple, we believe a great customer experience shouldn’t come at the expense of your privacy. We don’t build a profile based on your email content or Web browsing habits to sell to advertisers. … And we don’t read your email or your messages to get information to market to you.”
Google Chairman Eric Schmidt : “Someone didn’t brief him correctly on Google’s policies. It’s unfortunate for him. We have always been the leader in security and encryption. Our systems are far more secure and encrypted than anyone else, including Apple. They’re catching up, which is great.”
Leonardo DiCaprio Won’t Ruin Steve Jobs Movie
Leonardo DiCaprio won’t be playing Steve Jobs in the Aaron Sorkin/Danny Boyle biopic of the Apple co-founder.
Pretty Sure It Was Equally Clear When You Were Conducting the Study
Facebook CTO Mike Schroepfer on a company research effort that manipulated the news feeds of nearly a million users: “It is clear now that there are things we should have done differently.”
Time for a Tour of Apple’s Facial Hair-Yanking Lab?
Chad Coleman : “Anyone else getting beard hairs pulled by the iPhone 6/Plus? It catches my scruff in the seam and yanks it during calls. #hurts #beardgate”
PETA Insists App Change Its Name to EscapeGoat
Corrina Laughlin, Vice : “ eScapegoat gives people a field in which to write a sin in less than 120 characters. It then anonymizes the sin and tweets it out. In 2013, the eScapegoat tweeted over 8,500 sins. This year, over 6,800 people have participated thus far. On Friday, when Yom Kippur starts, the eScapegoat team will symbolically kill the goat and all of the tweets will disappear into the digital wilderness.”
Off Topic
The worst cat : “Why is it so MOIST? This is a terrible cat.”
Thanks for reading. Send tips, comments and facehugger $5 bills to John@recode.net , @johnpaczkowski . Subscribe to the Code/red newsletter here .

America is quite strong but that doesn`t mean indian economy is strong...Silver Member
3 Followers
I have not seen this gap down so difficult to comment, my comment on general perception which starts chanting bear mkt arrived. I mean when u see 100 point down we starts hearing 7000... same way if 200 points upside chants of 9000... I don`t know what will happen on tuesday morning with 100% accuracy but sure that there won`t be bloodbath as imagined. I have seen one incident where SGX was trading 80 points down be4 start but mkt opens 30 points down and with blink turn positive...

Just like this seed mnsntRepost
Guest
Dear, you must have posted at least 5000 messages on this (MIL) board so far at an avg. of 15 per day. What an effort, hats off to you. You are a great force behind the rally. Simply great.
12.23 PM Oct 7th

Why ncikel break day high cmp pls expainNew Member
1 Followers
looto sir happy dashera m really fan of ur calls sir i wana join u bcz m small borders n ur calls really helping a lot so from where i got ur call share me bout it sir. thanks in advance.
1.26 AM Oct 4th

Imagining.thinking hard.i remember someone also said his known ones ar...Repost
Guest
Dear, you must have posted at least 5000 messages on this (MIL) board so far at an avg. of 15 per day. What an effort, hats off to you. You are a great force behind the rally. Simply great.
12.23 PM Oct 7th

A toxic brew of money  national interest and egoUpdated: September 30, 2014 17:11 IST
A toxic brew of money, national interest and ego
Hari Narayan
NO PLACE TO HIDE: — Edward Snowden, the NSA and the Surveillance State: Glenn Greenwald; Hamish Hamilton, 11, Community Centre, Panchasheel Park, New Delhi-110017. Rs. 599.
TOPICS
non-fiction
Edward Snowden’s decision to give away his identity, as Greenwald notes, was as calculated as it was conscious.
Any curious observer of international affairs who completes Glenn Greenwald’s No Place To Hide will be compelled to agree with him, when he says, “the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA) is the definitive rogue agency: empowered to do whatever it wants and with very little control, transparency or accountability.”
With Greenwald at the helm, NSA disclosures had their genesis in a mail that landed in his inbox in December 2012. He was initially unmoved by its cryptic but quotidian content, “I have some stuff you might be interested in.”
Blowing the whistle
However, in April 2013, he received another communication, one he couldn’t ignore. This one was from Laura Poitras, a documentary filmmaker whose assertions he was more inclined to take seriously. Someone with insider knowledge of NSA’s functioning had chosen the two for some disquieting disclosures about the agency’s operations.
The duo would, in the next few weeks, go on to publish a damning indictment of the agency’s surveillance programmes.
The ‘heretic’ who had made the brave decision to make the disclosures, meanwhile, became the target of a colossal witch-hunt by the executive arm of the U.S., with a section of like-minded media willing to toe its line. However, neither the White House nor the western media could appreciate the audacity that underlay the whistleblower’s decision to reveal his identity, that too within just a week of his disclosures becoming public.
Edward Snowden’s decision to give away his identity, as Greenwald notes, was as calculated as it was conscious. Despite being well-aware of the Obama administration’s war on whistleblowers, he was willing to risk his life to prove that he acted in good faith. He also believed that his gesture will make the public sense the importance of its own ‘Right to Privacy’.
The content of Greenwald’s book is, in part, an elaboration of what we have already come across. We are familiar with the what of it: that the NSA indulges in mass collection of private information with sinister-sounding acronyms for code-names – like EGOTISTICAL GIRAFFE, MUSCULAR and STORMBREW.
However, the motives behind NSA’s gargantuan appetite for private information, the why of it, are what Greenwald deals with in detail. Following his matter-of-fact description of the ten days Poitras and he spent in Hong Kong – their rendezvous with Snowden – in the first two chapters, Greenwald goes on to reveal the modus operandi of the NSA in the very title of the third chapter, Collect it all.
He dispels the myth that the NSA does not spy on Americans. The evidence he presents is an order from the extra-judicial Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) court that orders Verizon to hand over “telephony metadata.” It mentions, in no uncertain terms, that NSA’s remit is to include communications “wholly within the United States, including local telephone calls.”
Greenwald also lays bare the complicity of intelligence agencies from other countries. Many of NSA’s data collection operations happen in partnership with other agencies. Its primary partners-in-crime here are intelligence bureaus in the ‘Five Eyes’ alliance: those from Britain, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
NSA’s motives
And then there is Israel, the U.S.’s ‘all-weather’ accomplice who Washington treats at par with its indispensible allies in the Five Eyes. This, despite the cooperation being driven primarily by the needs and interests of Tel Aviv, as acknowledged by Washington as it realises that Israel “targets [U.S.] to learn [its] positions on Middle East problems.”
A list of NSA’s ‘customers’ makes for a chilling reading. It includes, not just other intelligence agencies, but also U.S. policymaking institutions like White House and Departments like Agriculture, Commerce and Energy, indicating NSA’s intention to probe into the commercial strengths and exploit the vulnerabilities of other nations.
Greenwald surmises that though some of the surveillance pertains to national security, a large part of it encompasses “economic espionage, diplomatic spying and suspicionless surveillance aimed at entire populations.” He demonstrates that the primary objective of the “surveillance state” is to maintain the superiority of the U.S., at a time when we are irreversibly moving toward a multi-polar global order. He gives numerous examples. One relates to the possible motives for NSA’s spying on U.N. Security Council members in August 2010, coming prior to a resolution imposing fresh sanctions on Iran. Ambassador Susan Rice is said to have professed that the information collected “helped me know when the other PermReps [Permanent Representatives] were telling the truth… revealed their real position on sanctions… gave us an upper hand in negotiations and provided information on various countries’ ‘red lines.’”
Among Greenwald’s most intriguing revelations is a power point slide – sans diplomatese, sans jargon, but full of hubris. Prepared by an NSA officer for a group of agency officials, it boasts,
“Put money, national interest, and ego together, and now you’re talking about shaping the world writ large.”
The sting, however, is in the coda,
“What country doesn’t want to make the world a better place… for itself?”
Establishment media
Toward the end, Greenwald provides an acerbic narrative on the current state of investigative journalism in the West. He has utter disregard for the ‘establishment media’, who he considers too close to state power to undertake any genuine adversarial reporting. However, he doesn’t provide any alternative model of practising journalism – one that would create a revenue stream that makes such high-quality reporting possible.
Greenwald’s own admissions earlier in the book provide a grudging acknowledgment of the impact journalism backed by a strong institution can have. Frustrated by the legal hurdles he needed to cross before getting his first NSA report published, Greenwald says he even contemplated creating his own website. While wrestling with his inner voice on this, he sensed that publishing such a large trove without institutional protection would be risky and backed out. He, in other words, admits that the Snowden disclosures couldn’t have had such a monumental impact had it not been the support provided by The Guardian and other publications with whom he and his team collaborated.
Greenwald has, no doubt, done some amazing work since he founded his online publication, The Intercept, earlier this year, whose objective, to quote the site, is to publish “fearless, adversarial journalism.” However, it is too early to pass any verdict and there will remain, for the foreseeable future, genuine apprehensions about the model’s ability to break even. In the meantime, the tough questions posed by Greenwald in the course of the book about journalism as a passion and as a profession will continue to create moral dilemma in the minds of conscientious journalists, until some of them come up with answers.

Gorakhpur train collisioncollision-pm...    Cached
'Gorakhpur train collision: PM Modi grants ex-gratia of Rs 2 lakh each for kin of deceased' on Yahoo News India. New Delhi, Oct. 1 (ANI): Condoling the loss of lives ...

Coke Revises Executive Pay Plan After Warren Buffett Calls It ExcessiveCoke Reins In Executive Pay After Warren Buffett Calls It Excessive
 | By By CANDICE CHOI
reddit
Berkshire Hathaway Chairman and CEO Warren Buffett waves during an interview with Liz Claman on the Fox Business Network in Omaha, Neb., Monday, May 5, 2014. The annual Berkshire Hathaway shareholders meeting concluded the previous weekend. (AP Photo/Nati Harnik)
NEW YORK (AP) — Coca-Cola is curtailing its pay plan for executives after shareholders including Warren Buffett called it excessive.
The world's largest beverage maker said Wednesday its long-term incentive program will now distribute the company's shares to a smaller group of executives, while the rest will be rewarded with cash bonuses instead.
That will mean the total shares authorized to be awarded under the plan will last longer. In addition, Coke said the mix of long-term equity awards will be adjusted to be more heavily weighted to performance shares, rather than stock options.
Coca-Cola's pay plan came under scrutiny earlier this year after Wintergreen Advisers called it a "raw deal" for shareholders, particularly in light of the company's slowing growth as it faces declining soda consumption in the U.S. and other parts of the world.
Wintergreen CEO Dave Winters had said the company's equity plan would transfer roughly $13 billion to management over the next four years.
In a statement Wednesday, Winters said, "Coca-Cola has finally conceded that the equity compensation plan it put to a vote of shareholders in April was outrageously excessive and inconsistent with past plans."
Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway is Coke's biggest shareholder, is a longtime critic of excessive pay packages. But he said Berkshire Hathaway didn't vote against the plan at Coca-Cola's annual meeting because he didn't want to publicly express disapproval of the company's management.
Afterward, however, Buffett said he discussed his concerns about the pay plan with Coca-Cola CEO Muhtar Kent.
Buffett did not immediately respond Wednesday to questions sent to his assistant.
Last year, Kent was given a pay package worth $18.2 million, according to an Associated Press calculation. That was down 16 percent from the previous year because Coca-Cola failed to meet its own growth targets.
The Atlanta-based company also said it would increase transparency about its stock and option awards and formalize its practice of share repurchases to keep stockholders' stakes from being diluted.
___
AP Business Writer Josh Funk contributed from Omaha, Nebraska.
___
Follow Candice Choi at www.twitter.com/candicechoi
More:

The ultimate reason Julia Pierson had to resignShould Julia Pierson  have resigned from her job as the director of the Secret Service ?
The answer is yes. But the ultimate reason was not because an intruder  breached the White House, however incredibly concerning that is. It was not, in the end, because an agent reportedly passed out drunk in a hotel hallway in March, raising questions about her success at bringing the agency's frat-house culture in line. And it was not because of recent reports that it took the White House four days in 2011 (before she took the top job) to realize fired gunshots had actually hit the president's residence.
Rather, the deciding reason she lost the confidence of President Obama appears to be that he found out bad news  just minutes before it appeared in the media. That, combined with  misleading statements  the agency made about the Sept. 19 breach, speak to an overall breakdown of trust in her leadership. And when that happens, it's nearly impossible for most leaders to recover. The end often comes quick.
It certainly did for Pierson. Just two days ago, after the revelations that the intruder had gotten much deeper into the White House than was originally thought, a spokesman for the president said he had confidence in the agency. But after Pierson gave a dispassionate, non-reassuring performance in front of lawmakers who grilled her Tuesday, certainty about her future quickly faded. For one, Pierson  said that she had read the agency's misleading statement implying the intruder was apprehended just inside the White House before it was released, raising questions about why she didn't stop that version. According to reports , the agency also initially  said he was unarmed  when he had a knife.
Then, the Post's Carol Leonnig dropped yet another bombshell : During a recent trip to Atlanta, a security contractor with a gun and a criminal record was just inches from the president in an elevator. The security lapse was not referred to an investigative unit, and Pierson did not  share  it with the White House. That, Leonnig and the Post's David Nakamura later reported, was what White House aides called the decisive factor in the erosion of Obama's confidence in her.
Mistakes happen, even in an agency where making them could mean the death of the president. And a security lapse on its own might not have ultimately threatened Pierson's job, or at least not so quickly. Eighteen months — the length of time Pierson spent at the top — also really isn't enough time to fix the kind of deep-rooted cultural problems that new   reports say have plagued the agency, leading to high turnover, staffing shortages and fears of contradicting supervisors.
But when questions arise about how forthcoming an official is being — especially to her own boss — they undermine the essential trust that leaders must have in order to get people to follow them. Without that trust, and without the confidence that goes with it, there was no other option than for Pierson to resign.
Read also:
Like On Leadership ? Follow us on Facebook and Twitter .
Jena McGregor writes a daily column analyzing leadership in the news for the Washington Post’s On Leadership section.

Sun TV hopes for ad spending recoverySun TV hopes for ad spending recovery
T E Narasimhan & Ram Prasad Sahu | Chennai Oct 02, 2014 10:50 PM IST
The Sun TV Network scrip is down 16 per cent over the past year, on account of slowing growth in advertising revenue, rising competition and the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) chargesheet against the company’s promoter in the telecom spectrum case.
Further, extension of the deadline for implementation of digitisation (phase III to end-2015 and phase IV to end-2016) has meant the expected gain from the subscription segment (30 per cent of revenue) is likely to be delayed further.
At Rs 342, the stock trades at 15 times its FY16 earnings estimate, a steep discount to Zee Entertainment’s 27 times. Analysts say the discount is due to increasing competition, the cap on advertisement, structural issues and the pending CBI enquiry.
The key growth metric is an uptick in the advertising business, half its revenue. However, ad revenue growth has been inconsistent, falling in the September and December quarters of 2013-14 and recovering a bit in the March quarter. For the June 2014 quarter, Sun reported flattish ad revenue growth; on the other hand, the sector's grew 13 per cent, on the back of a shift to Hindi news channels on account of the general elections.
Market share losses in two key markets, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh, where peers are investing heavily, as well as low inventory utilisation, also led to the poor performance. What went wrong in FY14 was the rise in ad rates to compensate for the reduced inventory due to the cap imposed by the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai, on advertising in each hour of a programme), which severely impacted volumes.
Chief Financial Officer S L Narayanan says the advertisement market was impacted by several “unprecedented” changes on available inventory. A change in rates has been put through; it took some time to settle in the market. Hence, there was some volatility in revenue growth but this is now back to normal.
Yet, the company was not able to improve its ad revenue growth, despite reverting to the 15 minutes an hour schedule in the June quarter. While there is a stay on the Trai order, if the ad cap of 12 minutes an hour is implemented, it will dent Sun’s revenue growth.
Improvement in ad spending is key for Sun. Analysts at BNP Paribas estimate double-digit growth will return in FY16 (eight per cent in FY15), as there are signs of increased spending on marketing in key sectors such as consumer goods, automobiles, telecom and e-commerce. The management, in a recent analysts' conference call, was hopeful of ad revenue recovery in FY16, with a growth uptick of 15-20 per cent.
Says Narayanan, “Revenue is driven by business confidence. If the economy is growing, everybody would be spending.” The confidence comes in the backdrop of an increase in spending by fast moving consumer goods companies, who bring 55 per cent of revenue for Sun TV. A third of this is from regional brands, all of which are doing well.
What will hamper progress for the company, which dominates viewership in the four southern states, is rising competition. According to IDFC Securities’ analysts, Sun TV's all-India market share has almost halved in five years. While it retains the top slot in Tamil Nadu, it has lost share in Andhra and Karnataka, where its peers are investing heavily. This is putting pressure on Sun, which is not able to pass on the price increases fully.
The other major contributor to the top line is subscription revenue, which grew 26 per cent in FY14 and should get a fillip from digitisation. Sun, with about eight million subscribers, hopes the revenue from the direct-to-home (DTH) segment would maintain a positive momentum in the coming years.
Narayanan says that digitisation is a huge plus for the company, as it will increase subscription revenue. Currently, a majority of the revenue generated in television is through advertisements, followed by subscription. Strong growth in DTH and the digital cable segment would result in a rise in subscription revenue (15-plus per cent annually) over the years to come, it is hoped.

Swachh Bharat Abhiyanbharat-abhiyaan    Cached
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today exhorted people to fulfil Mahatma Gandhi`s vision of Clean India. Launching the Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan at Rajpath in New ...

Sarita Devi bronze medalrefuses...    Cached
Sarita Devi refuses Asiad medal Indian boxer L Sarita Devi on October 1, 2014 stunned officials and spectators by refusing to accept the bronze medal, which is now in ...

What Massachusetts Could Teach Corporate Americareddit
America ranks 9th in the world, slightly ahead of Israel, a much smaller country, when it comes to women on corporate boards. According to the nonprofit organization Catalyst, women hold only 17 percent of corporate board seats and that figure has not changed in eight years. The Alliance for Board Diversity reports that white men account for 73 percent of the board seats of Fortune 500 companies, noting little change over the last decade.
The topic of diversity on corporate boards is both timely and important, particularly as the country is becoming more culturally and gender diverse. According to the third annual 2020 Women on Boards Gender Diversity Index of Fortune 1000 Companies, women continue to make steady gains in the boardrooms of Fortune 1000 companies, and now make up 16.6 percent of board membership, up from 14.6 percent in 2011.
While the state of Massachusetts seems to be leading the rest of the country in gender diversity on corporate boards there is still a significant disparity when it comes to racial and ethnic diversity. To level the playing field requires change and that change must come from the top.  Robert Rivers, President of Eastern Bank, is one of Massachusetts' chief executive's who understands the financial implication of women and people of color on corporate boards.
In a recent chat with Rivers, on whose board of trustees I serve, he said, "With women and people of color representing close to $12 trillion in purchasing power, the issue of increasing gender and racial diversity on corporate boards is not only a business imperative but a competitive advantage. At Eastern Bank we see a direct correlation between diversity and sustainable growth and profitability. It is well documented that people of color and women on corporate boards are good for business," adds Rivers.
Recently, Eastern Bank and the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston both partnered and co-hosted a forum with Get Konnected, a Boston based trans-cultural business networking event and ALPFA Boston (The Association of Latino Professionals in Finance and Accounting ), to discuss this topic. The event attracted more than 250 women and executives of color. Remarkably, three of the members on the panel were women and people of color who serve on Eastern Bank's governance body.
Another area of the Massachusetts business sector, where women are shattering the glass ceiling, is the healthcare industry. Healthcare is one the state's key economic drivers and is leading the gender equity revolution on corporate boards. One third of the state's hospital boards, including Massachusetts General Hospital, are led by women, and for the first time its two biggest health insurers, Blue Cross Blue Shield and Harvard Pilgrim Health Care, have women chairing their boards.
In an interview with the Boston Globe, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts'  CEO Andrew Dreyfus, says having women in senior posts helps the organization understand its customers. "Who makes the decision on health care in families? It's almost always women," said Dreyfus.
Harvard Pilgrim CEO Eric Schultz says of having a woman chairing his company's board, "It's a no brainer for us, as it should be for Corporate America."
To help break the glass ceilings among the Fortune 500s a number of initiatives in Massachusetts and the country have arisen in recent years.  Organizations such as 2020 on Corporate Boards, Bentley University's Center for Women and Business and The Alliance for Board Diversity serve as bridges for corporations seeking to diversify at the top.  These institutions can answer the important question: why gender and racial diversity matter when it comes to corporate boards. Studies in the US and abroad have shown that companies with women on their boards outperformed less diverse companies financially. And of course by bringing more women and people of diverse backgrounds to the table, there is a broader array of interests, opinions, and experiences that can lead to innovative ideas and more creativity.
Follow Colette A.M.Phillips on Twitter: www.twitter.com/colettephillips
More:

JPMorgan says 76 million households exposed in data breach0
News of the actions by the states emerged a day after the bank said in a regulatory filing that customer names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses were taken in the attack that the bank said surfaced in August. It added that it was continuing to investigate the matter and that customers would not be liable for any unauthorized transactions that were promptly reported to the bank.
When asked to comment on the investigations, JPMorgan spokeswoman Patricia Wexler said the company was careful not to speak more about the breach until it had “complete information.”
She said that, given the fact that no account information was taken, the bank was not legally required to disclose as much as it has.
FRAUD WARNING
However, cybercrime experts warned that the hack could fuel years of fraud, as criminals use the stolen data to "phish" for customer passwords and ferret out other consumer accounts.
The bank said it has not seen any rise in fraud in the wake of the discoveries, but security researchers said the information that hackers stole, such as addresses, tends to change relatively slowly, which gives criminals a long time to use it.
Their first step will likely be to use the information to send emails to customers purporting to be from JPMorgan Chase. Links embedded in those emails could be used to con customers out of their passwords, a practice known as "phishing."
"Hackers might send out emails saying 'Your JPMorgan Chase account has been breached, please log into our portal and enter your information,'" said Alex Holden, chief executive of Hold Security, a cybersecurity firm that monitors trade in stolen credentials.
The bank's letter to account holders on its website on Friday made no mention of "phishing," but it linked to a "frequently asked questions" document whose last answer warned about "phishing." Wexler said the bank is making the warning more prominent on its website.
"The risk is phishing" Wexler said, adding that people should be on the lookout. She said that there was no evidence that account numbers, passwords, user IDs, birthdays, or Social Security numbers were taken.
The stolen data is likely to end up being sold on underground cybercrime exchanges to fraudsters who will use it for "phishing" and other schemes. Holden said it is likely to be broken up into groups based on categories such as zip codes, with wealthy demographics going for higher rates. He estimates that lots of varying sizes would sell for between $1,000 and $15,000, with each of them being resold multiple times.
Such information can be used to craft "phishing" emails to seek other types of online accounts, beyond the initial firm that was breached, particularly when combined with personal details from social networking sites such as Facebook , Google , LinkedIn and Twitter, security researchers warned. Details from social media profiles can provide criminals with rich information that they can use to craft convincing "phishing" emails, including information about family, friends, education and work.
"Social media helps the criminals pursue their trade," said Mark Rowley, assistant commissioner for specialist operations for London's Metropolitan Police.
JPMorgan's Wexler said that the bank is not offering credit monitoring to customers because no financial information, account data or personally identifiable information was compromised.
JPMorgan disclosed at the end of August that it had hired outside forensics experts to help it investigate a possible cyberattack.
The bank said in April that it expects to spend more than $250 million on cybersecurity this year, with about 1,000 people focused on the area. The bank's efforts will grow exponentially in the coming years, it added.

Tackling Climate Change  Together: Five Observations From UN Climate Week 2014reddit
As a communications professional with 20 years of experience in global sustainability strategy and engagement, I found the recent climate convening in New York City both inspirational and encouraging. For the first time, we saw cohesion and camaraderie among the numerous parties advocating for change in the fight against climate change. As such, it seems change is finally within reach.
OPTIMISM IS ON THE RISE
Since COP15 in Copenhagen (2009) , it has been tough to be optimistic about tackling climate change. However, the tides began to turn in NYC last week, with a very real sense of optimism and unity emerging around the potential of a vibrant, clean, global economy.
Estimates vary on the number of people who participated in the Climate March on Sunday. Officials say 310,000, but I heard the crowd might've been as many as 500,000. As a participant, it felt like a virtual sea of humanity rolling through the streets of Manhattan. All ages, races and socioeconomic strata participated, and unlike some marches, it was abundantly peaceful. Yet, the most amazing moment for me occurred at 1 p.m. , when the thousands of marchers stopped and stood for a lasting moment of silence to honor those affected by climate change. The silence was followed by a thunderous roar -- a cue that in solidarity, change can happen.
PARTNERSHIP IS THE NEW LEADERSHIP
For far too long, we've been trying to tackle climate change in silos. NGOs, businesses and governments each have advocated for a different kind of change. And while progress has been made on all fronts, the necessary focus and scale have never emerged.
This past week, however, we saw the power of partnership at play in myriad ways. The launch of We Mean Business * is a great example. Seven business-focused NGOs representing some 500 businesses united as one voice for ambitious climate action and policy. RE100 is another example, as 11 companies lead the charge to commit to advancing the use of 100 percent renewable energy in their businesses by 2020 -- and they are asking 100 of the world's largest companies to do the same. Moreover, The World Bank is heading a massive global coalition across government and business that calls for a price on carbon. To date, some 73 countries and 22 states, provinces and cities have joined over 1,000 businesses and investors in signaling their support for carbon pricing.
BUSINESS HAS NEW AND COMPELLING VOICES IN THE DIALOGUE
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon first convened businesses to answer the call for climate solutions in 2009. Since then, numerous events and calls to action have received varied attention. However, this year, business engagement felt different. Around 100 CEOs attended the UN Climate Summit, and just about every business event was over-capacity. Perhaps the most exciting new voice at the Summit was Apple's Tim Cook. Mostly known for discussing Apple's products, he showed up differently when, in an interview with Christiana Figueres during the launch of We Mean Business, he said, "The time for inaction has passed" and "there can be no trade-off between economy and environment." Tipping his hat to the role innovation plays in advancing a clean economy, he maintained that if companies innovate and set the bar high, they can continue to grow economically while also protecting the planet. He was among many in the business community offering a clear, strong voice to the role of renewable energy.
OUR CITIES ARE LIKELY WHERE THE CHANGE WILL HAPPEN FASTEST
Nation states are most frequently featured in dialogue about climate solutions, but I'm increasingly convinced the real momentum will come from cities. The world's architects are leading the way with impressive commitments to reduce energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions (GHGe) of urban areas by changing how buildings and cities are planned, designed and constructed. For instance, at the International Union of Architects (UIA) World Congress in August 2014, member organizations representing over 1.3 million architects in 124 countries unanimously adopted the 2050 Imperative -- a declaration to eliminate CO2 emissions in the built environment by 2050. This is a significant commitment, considering urban areas generate 70 percent of all GHGe, mostly from buildings. Looking ahead to 2035 (and accounting for population growth and expected human migration), 75 percent of the built environment will be either new or renovated -- I heard at Climate Week that this equates to creating a city the size of Manhattan every 35 days. Proper building orientation, energy efficiency, the increased use of renewable energy and other priorities will drive transformative change in our cities -- and, therefore, our lives.
COMMUNICATION AND ENGAGEMENT ARE CRITICAL AS WE CONTINUE TO PAVE THE PATH FORWARD
At the start of the UN Climate Summit, an inspirational film, WHAT'S POSSIBLE , was shown to world leaders. The film, by social and political activist Lyn Lear, demonstrates that climate change is solvable -- but engagement and action are essential. Fortunately, the communications landscape is evolving. Two years ago, the NYC climate summit sparked 1 million social shares, last year it was 2 million and this year it was 83 million! Continuous dialogue, commitments and follow-through will be crucial to motivate citizens and stakeholders as we build alignment by mid-century around paths for zero emissions. This week certainly provided a vital spark of optimism that we must maintain to achieve the success needed at climate summits in Lima, then in Paris and beyond. The impacts, challenges and opportunities of climate change are evolving in the hearts and minds of citizens around the world, opening doors of opportunity for continued communication and engagement.
More:

6 Keys To A Successful VoIP Implementationreddit
Voice-over-Internet (VoIP) has the potential to both improve on existing phone technology, and greatly reduce phone costs. Yet, many SMB owners are understandably wary of the technology, having heard horror stories from their peers, or having had poor experiences due to bad VOIP implementations. Luckily, with the right knowledge and the correct set of tools, it is possible to implement VoIP in a manner that is extremely reliable and effective. In this article, we will explore some of the basic concepts involved in setting up a dependable VoIP configuration.
To understand the current state of phone technology, some background context is helpful. VoIP is the outcome of deliberate strategies by the telecom companies to extract more value from their copper wire lines. Prior to the mid 1990's, most phone calls were conducted over a single copper line. Remember those days when the power would go out but the phone still worked? These analogs lines, or "POTS" lines (Plain Old Telephone Service) provided 48 volts of DC power, when all phones were "on the hook."
Today, almost every analog line has been repurposed to DSL (Digital Subscriber Lines). This is why landline phones no longer connect directly into the wall, but into an analog to digital converter device. This is also how DSL or U-Verse subscribers can have internet and phone running over a single copper line. Today's "POTS" lines are actually VoIP.
So why might there exist a general sentiment of mistrust in VoIP? The short answer is, it's complicated. Instead of writing about the problem, I thought it would be more productive to focus on the solution. In 10 years implementing VoIP solutions, I've compiled the most important factors to consider, including these:
1) Install a Second Internet Connection to Ensure Continuous Service
Installing a second internet connection is like having a backup generator if your power goes out. Simply put, if your primary internet goes down, a second (backup) connection automatically "kicks-in" providing continuity for voice and data services. It's critical these connections are provided by different companies, and equally important no two connection mediums are the same. E.g. Copper + Cable, Copper + Fiber Optic or Cable + Fiber Optic. With average VoIP savings between 30-50 percent, installing a $29.95/month DSL line won't break the bank.
A single high-quality VoIP call uses approximately 80 Kbps of data. Internet connections carry two independent speed ratings, Downstream (D) and Upstream (U). Connections with identical downstream and upstream speeds is called "Synchronous". Connections with non-identical speeds are called "Asynchronous." This means a 10Mbps Synchronous connection has the capacity to handle about 125 simultaneous calls (10Mbps = 10000Kbps / 80Kbps = 125). While a 10Mbps Asynchronous connection may have much less capacity. For example, a 10Mbps ADSL connection may only provide 768Kbps of upstream bandwidth. This translates to a capacity of just nine (9) concurrent calls. Keep this in mind when considering DSL as your backup connection.
2) Choose Your SIP Provider Carefully
Every VoIP company relies on an SIP (Session Initiation Protocol) trunk; in layman terms, the trunk allows for inbound and outbound calls through global digital networks and the legacy PSTN (Public Switching Telephone Network). SIP trunks are essentially the gateway to dramatic cost savings on voice communications, SMS texts and faxing. Watch out though, because a number of low-end SIP providers out there who use a technology called least-cost routing (LCR). Basically, this means the provider routes your VoIP calls in the cheapest way possible, so choose your solution provider wisely! Our friends at 2600hz have done a nice job explaining LCR here .
3) Implement Quality-of-Service (QoS) on Your Network
Quality-of-Service is essentially a mechanism that prioritizes certain sets of data traffic over others sets of data traffic, so that the high priority packets of information reach their destination within a set time. Since VoIP calls are data packets by nature, without QoS calls may sound choppy, fuzzy or jittery, contain echo or even drop out. Failure to implement effective QoS on one's internal network leads to undesirable user experiences and unsatisfied customers; this is what has given VoIP a bad name.
4) Consider Using Cloud (Hosted) PBX
PBX stands for "Public Branch Exchange", and is simply another legacy acronym that remains in use, primarily because many folks associate PBX with phone. Phone systems today don't mount on the walls, they run on enterprise-class servers, preferably in the "Cloud" where 100% uptime guarantees on Power and IP (Internet Protocol) service are offered. Multiple virtual servers can run on a single physical machine. By including a second physical machine, shared storage, and virtualization software such as VMware, it is possible to create a solid foundation for a multi-tenant, cloud-based VoIP phone system. When the system is set to "High-Availability", it is reasonable to expect an uptime guarantee of 99.99 percent or higher.
5) Fully Secure Your VoIP Setup
Properly securing your VoIP system will prevent hackers from gaining unauthorized access to the system. Be aware that if your system is compromised, and unauthorized calls are made, it could be costly. I have seen cases where companies went months without knowing their systems were hacked, and they were on the hook for thousands of dollars in international calling fees. VoIP systems built on the open-source telephone platform Asterisk are routinely subject to hacking attempts, and should be avoided. We strongly recommend the use of an SIP proxy, a service that routes requests to the user's location, authenticates, and authorizes users for services. Alternatively, a VPN (Virtual Private Network) may be used to secure and encrypt voice transmissions through the system.
6) Measure the Quality of Your VoIP Service
For obvious reasons, it’s important to have a method for measuring the quality of any business-class service. If you are currently using a VoIP system, ask your IT or Telecom service provider for something called an “MOS” score. MOS stands for “Mean Opinion Score”, and has been used for decades in telephone networks to obtain the human user’s view of the quality of the network. An MOS score of 5 represents the same quality as a face-to-face conversation, while a score of 1 represents abysmal performance. As a benchmark, an average MOS of 4 or more is an acceptable result.
In summary, there are a number of factors that have contributed to the mistrust of VoIP. Traditional telecommunications companies misrepresenting their service , imposing monopolistic usage caps and pursuing anti-competitive behaviors have created confusion in the market as to what VoIP actually means.
Add hundreds of inexperienced IT folks whose mission is disrupting the Telco’s (not necessarily delivery of enterprise-grade reliability) and there is no wonder why small and medium-sized businesses (SMB’s) have grown to distrust VoIP.
One thing is for sure, cloud-based VoIP phone systems are quickly becoming the standard means of enterprise-grade, feature-rich communication for businesses, non-profits and government agencies worldwide. A strategic and technically sound VoIP implementation strategy unlocks tremendous value, while remaining secure and dependable.
This blogger graduated from Goldman Sachs' 10,000 Small Businesses program. Goldman Sachs is a partner of the What Is Working: Small Businesses section.
Follow Jason Volmut on Twitter: www.twitter.com/javolmut
More:

Jobless Rate Drops to 6-year low of 5.9 Percent
Neyveli s Rs 4 910 cr Tuticorin power project nearing completionNeyveli's Rs 4,910 cr Tuticorin power project nearing completion
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 03, 2014 05:54 PM IST
State-run miner Neyveli Lignite's 1,000 MW thermal power plant at Tuticorin is in advanced stages of completion, a development that will help it achieve over 4,200 MW generation capacity.
"Implementation of a coal-based thermal power project of 1,000 MW capacity at Tuticorin through the subsidiary company NMDC Tamil Nadu Power Ltd, formed in joint venture with TANGEDCO, is in an advanced stage of completion," Neyveli Lignite Corporation (NLC) Chairman B Surender Mohan said.
The plant, which entailed an investment of Rs 4,910 crore, could achieve 86% progress by August.
The ignite miner plans to take its installed power generation capacity to 4,240 MW by the end of the current fiscal, on the back of ongoing power projects.
It has an installed capacity of about 3,000 MW at present.
The Centre had earlier approved implementation of coal based 2x500 MW thermal power project at Tuticorin.
To meet the coal requirement, the company is also examining proposals from from Indonesia, Australia, Mozambique, the US and a few other countries offering coal assets and long-term fuel supplies among other things for its upcoming power projects.
NLC has plans for growth in power generation capacity. It is expanding activities in Neyveli and other parts. Its fuel needs are likely to shoot up to 10 MTPA once all these projects are commissioned.
It is already in the process of setting up two power projects in Tamil Nadu and Uttar Pradesh at an estimated cost of Rs 24,770 crore, to take its capacity to 11,195 MW.
In Tamil Nadu, it has plans to set up a 4,000 MW coal- based power plant near Thirumullaivasal village of Sirkali taluk, Nagapattinam district. In Uttar Pradesh, it will set up a 1,980 MW (3X660 MW) plant in Ghatampur in Kanpur Nagar district at an estimated cost of Rs 14,375.4 crore.
Besides, in Rajasthan, the company "has proposed setting up a thermal power plant of 250 MW capacity... At an aggregate estimated cost of Rs 2,298.83 crore.
Also, it has planned to set up another new power plant in Rajasthan with a capacity of 250 MW as an extension of the existing power plant there at an investment of Rs 2041.78 crore.
The 'Navratna' firm operates four mines with a total capacity 30.6 MTPA, and four thermal power stations of total capacity of about 3,000 MW.

The Switchboard: JPMorgan Chase details enormous cyber breachJPMorgan and other large U.S. banks had sensitive financial information stolen during cyber attacks in August.  (Photo by Andrew Burton/Getty Images)
Published every weekday, the Switchboard is your morning helping of hand-picked stories from the Switch team.
Join us today for our weekly live chat, Switchback. We'll kick things off at 11 a.m. Eastern time. You can submit your questions now,  right here .
JPMorgan says 76 million households were affected by cyber breach "JPMorgan Chase, the country’s biggest bank, said in a regulatory filing Thursday that 76 million households and 7 million small businesses were affected by a breach of its computer systems over the summer," reports The Washington Post's Danielle Douglas-Gabriel. "The breach, one of the largest on record, easily rivals the attack Target suffered during the holiday season, when hackers lifted personal information and credit card numbers from up to 110 million customers."
Facebook plots first steps into health care "Facebook is plotting its first steps into the fertile field of healthcare," report Christina Farr and Alexei Oreskovic of Reuters, citing three anonymous sources "familiar with the matter." Facebook is "exploring creating online 'support communities' that would connect Facebook users suffering from various ailments," the report said.
Google: Tim Cook is wrong about us "Apple got it wrong -- Google is the safest place on the Web, the search giant's chairman says," according to a report from CNN's Logan Whiteside. "We have always been the leader in security and encryption," Google chairman Eric Schmidt said in the report. "Our systems are far more secure and encrypted than anyone else, including Apple. They're catching up, which is great."
Privacy advocates sue Pentagon over Internet voting test results "Privacy advocates, worried that the Defense Department is sinking millions of dollars into unproven online voting systems, are suing the Pentagon for the release of long-promised test results on whether Internet-based voting is safe," reports The Washington Post's Nancy Scola. "The subtext of the lawsuit is that after spending millions on online voting experiments -- in 2010 alone, the Defense Department's Federal Voting Assistance Program received $9 million from Congress to design and test Internet-based voting -- privacy advocates worry that online voting could spread in the United States without proper vetting."
Dubai detectives to get Google Glass to fight crime "Dubai police plan to issue detectives with Google Glass hands-free eyewear to help them fight crime using facial recognition technology," reports Reuters's William Maclean. "The gadget would be used in a first phase to combat traffic violations and track vehicles suspected of involvement in motoring offences. A second phase would see the technology rolled out to detectives," the report said.
Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post.

Paris  always belle of the ballThe Roundabout Blog | 3 October 2014
Paris, always belle of the ball
By  Devin Altieri
(Above, newsreel footage captured by French media at the 1955 salon.)
Related
The Nazis' French connection
Paris: home to the Mona Lisa, the Eiffel Tower and the oldest motor show in the world. The city's automotive showcase has hosted car debuts for more than a century, and some of the most recognisable brands have had their most important moments play out at this autumn auto-rama.
As the world speculates about which of this year’s reveals might become landmarks cars, a look back at pivotal products in the Paris motor show’s history proves illustrative.
The 2014 edition, where press previews began on 2 October, marks 65 years since the appearance of the first Ferrari road car, the 166 Inter, at the 1949 Paris salon. While Ferrari had already experienced racing success, it was the financial boost provided by ensuing road-car sales that allowed Ferrari to become the motorsport and supercar powerhouse it is today.
Just as the ’49 show signalled a beginning, the 1952 edition marked the last appearance of another racing legend, the original Bugatti. The French marque’s sales began to decline in 1947 following the death of founder Ettore Bugatti, and the company closed its doors in late 1952. Fast-forward to 1998 and, flush with resources via new corporate parent Volkswagen Group, Bugatti returned to Paris with the EB118, a forerunner to the Veyron hypercar. Bugatti has since been a Paris mainstay, using it to introduce various special editions of the Veyron.
But it was the 1955 show, relived via the video above, that arguably manufactured the show’s biggest star. The quirky Citroën DS , which came to be known as “Déesse” – goddess in French – would go on to 20 years of production and sell more than 1m units. The success of the DS was registered right at the show stand, with 743 orders taken within the first 15 minutes of its unveiling and 12,000 orders within its first day.
Read more about the history of ‘The Goddess’ at BBC Culture.
The Paris show, which alternates every autumn with the salon in Frankfurt, Germany, remains a critical platform for carmakers. Visitors to the Porte de Versailles over the next two weeks can debate whether anything they see approaches the timelessness of the DS, but  there is little doubt about the Paris show’s sustained ability to capture attention with the new, the bold and the innovative.
(Keystone/Hulton Archive/Getty)
(Photo: Keystone/Hulton Archive/Getty)
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .

Vistara pays Rs 5 crore to New India Assurance for coverVistara pays Rs 5 crore to New India Assurance for cover
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Oct 03, 2014 07:00 PM IST
The soon to be launched airline Vistara, from the Tata Group-Singapore Airlines combine, has secured its insurance cover from the country's largest non-life insurer New India Assurance, for Rs 5 crore.
"We have provided insurance cover to both the aircraft of Vistara. We are hopeful of providing cover to three more planes the airline is likely to bring in by next March," a New India Assurance official told PTI here today.
However, the airline did not respond to a call from PTI.
The premium amount fixed for providing the insurance cover to the five aircraft is Rs 5 crore. The insurance cover per plane under the hull segment is $100 million, whereas it will be up to $350 million under the liability segment, the official said.
Full service airline Vistara, which is a 51:49 joint venture between the Tata Group and Singapore Airlines, is likely to launch operations this month or early next month.
Last Tuesday, Air India had renewed insurance cover for a little over $27 million for its fleet of 132 aircraft, at a premium of 17.5 per cent over 2013 from a consortium of public sector insurers led by New India Assurance and private sector firms led by ICICI Lombard, while reinsurance was renewed by AIG.
Air India has a fleet of 132 aircraft -- 108 with itself and 24 with its two subsidiaries -- 17 with Air India Express and seven with Alliance Air.
Aviation premiums have gone up this year after the two Malaysian Airlines tragedies in March and July, besides two other crashes on the Africa continent during the year.
Air India's current insurance policy, issued by New India Assurance, includes a $9.5-billion hull cover and a combined single liability of $1.5 billion.

This Is How Quickly Germs Spread in the OfficeHelp stop germs from spreading so quickly.
Photo by Mario Tama/Getty Images
This article originally appeared in Inc .
Flu season will soon be here, and with it come the microscopic germs that people in close quarters so desperately—and in many cases unsuccessfully—try to avoid. 
Advertisement
While it would be spectacular to have germ-ray vision in order to see exactly who and what are contaminating the office at any given time, researchers from the University of Arizona did the next best thing: They traced how germs spread throughout the course of a day.
The researchers recently performed their experiment in an office building with 80 employees. "They contaminated a push-plate door at the building entrance with a virus called bacteriophage MS-2," the Wall Street Journal reported . "It doesn't infect people yet is similar in shape, size, and survivability to common cold and stomach flu viruses." 
So where'd the virus head first? 
Straight to the break room. After two hours it was found on the coffee pot, microwave button, and refrigerator handle. Next, it traveled to the restrooms and from there it finally made its way to offices and cubicles.
Just four hours after the researchers introduced the virus, about 50 percent of office workers had it on their hands. It also sat on half of the most commonly touched surfaces in the building. 
Gross? Yes. Concerning? Not terribly. Exposure to a virus or bacteria doesn't necessarily lead to sickness. For example, studies at day care centers have found that 30 to 40 percent of asymptomatic children had respiratory viruses on them, according to WSJ. 
Microbiologists say that whether or not you'll get sick after exposure depends on three main factors: the number of virus particles you've encountered, previous exposure history (if you've had the virus before, you probably won't get it again), and your overall health.
So one of the things you can do to improve your chances of staying virus-free during flu season, for example, is to make sure you're getting enough sleep.
And of course, watch where you put your hands. Scientists have mixed opinions about the efficacy of hand sanitizer since it can kill good bacteria, which can help fight off bad bacteria. So it might be best to forgo the sanitizer and simply limit the number of surfaces you touch each day. This especially includes other peoples' hands. 

Salix pulls deal amid US tax crackdownSalix pulls deal amid US tax crackdown
By Andrew Ward in London and David Crow in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d31656e6-4ae9-11e4-839a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US Jobless Rate at 6-Year Low of 5.9%; Dollar RisesYou are here: Home Economy
US Jobless Rate Lowest in Six Years; Dollar Rises
Reuters | Updated On: October 03, 2014 20:28 (IST)
Measures Undertaken by New Government to Revive Growth: India Inc
London: A strong improvement in the US jobs market lifted the dollar to a four-year high against a basket of currencies on Friday while stocks also extended gains, taking heart from more evidence of a sustained recovery in the world's largest economy.
Closely followed non-farm payrolls data for September showed US employers had added 248,000 jobs, up from an upwardly revised 180,000 the previous month and beating forecasts of the 215,000 economists polled by Reuters had predicted beforehand. The jobless rate fell to a six-year low of 5.9 per cent.
Wall Street futures extended gains while the dollar hit a fresh four-year high of 86.498. US short-term interest-rate futures contracts fell and traders boosted bets the Federal Reserve could raise interest rates slightly earlier in 2015.
"Just when investors had been becoming nervous about global growth prospects with October so far seeing a broad sell-off in equity markets, today's non-farm payrolls figure could put a line in the sand for the indices," said Angus Campbell, senior analyst at FXPro.
This week has seen stocks, oil and other commodity markets suffer their biggest slump in months on worries about growth, political unrest and looming US interest rate rises and their impact on the dollar.
Dollar bulls, who have pushed the currency to a four-year high this week, had been counting on the robust jobs report following some healthy signals already this week.
Brent crude futures fell to $92.20 a barrel, trading near their lowest since 2012, with the overall tone quite bearish, amid ample supply.
Gold fell 1.3 per cent to a nine-month low of $1,197.95/oz while copper prices ticked up after hitting five-month lows the session before.
European bourses extended their earlier gains, rising 1 per cent.
The euro fell to a two-year low against the dollar, a day after the European Central Bank disappointed the markets on Thursday and triggered the biggest sell-off in over a year in markets like Italy.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Nearly all popular movies and TV shows are legally available onlineInternet of Everything
October 3, 2014
“Convenience” has long been the defense of people who illegally download movies and television shows for free on the internet. If you live in the US, it’s time to admit you’re probably doing it for other reasons.
Literally all of the top 100 box office hits—and 96% of the top 100 TV series—are legally available online in the US, according to a study by KPMG . The study looked at the availability of movies and shows on a multitude of VOD (video on demand) services, including Netflix, Amazon Prime Instant Video, Hulu Plus, iTunes, Redbox Instant, and others.
Share
Tap image to zoom
A survey of Australians conducted in 2010 showed that 42.4% of people who watched pirated movies do so out of convenience, while 43.5% said they did it because going to the movies is too expensive. Likewise, 41.5% of those who watched pirated television shows said they did so because it allowed them to watch shows whenever they want; 50.7% said it was because they had to wait too long to see their shows on TV.
Those excuses aren’t really valid anymore if you’re an American. Most of the popular streaming content providers are not all available in every country (Netflix is not currently available in Australia , for instance)—but they are in the US. And, let’s face it, the majority of popular movies, and especially TV shows, are available in the US long before they are in most other countries. If you live in the US, you rarely have to wait for your content to fall conveniently into your lap. Waiting isn’t a problem, and neither is availability.
What is still problematic is cost. Both movie ticket prices and the cost of internet are rising fast.
Share this:

Haryana polls: Opposition lacks development vision  has divisive agenda  says Hooda25
0
Chandigarh: Accusing opposition parties of having "divisive" agenda and lacking in development vision, Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Friday said if voted to power the Congress will ensure that fruits of development reach all sections of the society.
"Opposition parties in Haryana lack vision for development and have divisive agenda. But the Congress is focused on overall development of the state with its welfare policies.
"If voted back to power, the Congress will ensure that fruits of rapid development reaches each and every section of the society," said Hooda while at a rally in Rohtak.
Hooda said that his party's alliance was with the people of Haryana and people will "bless" the Congress party this time too.
#haryana assembly elections 2014 #haryana #congress #bhupinder singh hooda
Hooda toured several villages including Chiri, Katwara, Khidwali, Sanghi, Brahmanwas, Jassia, Rithal, Kiloi, Rurkee, Bhalout, Bohar, Baliyana, Kharawar, Pahrawar, Sunaria, Kakrana, Sundana, Kahnour, Garhi Ballam, Anwal, and Bhali.
The Chief Minister also said the Haryana model of development was better than the Gujarat model, saying that Haryana's development policies were being admired widely in India and abroad.
The Congress leader appealed to the people to vote decisively for the Congress to bring it to power for the third consecutive time.
Taking a dig at the opposition parties, Hooda said, "In Haryana, one party claims to form government from jail, while the other party does not even projects anybody as chief ministerial candidate."
Hooda said that his party's alliance was with the people of Haryana and people will "bless" the Congress party this time too.
18

Obama nationalizes the raceBy Jennifer Rubin October 3 Follow @JRubinBlogger
Well, that certainly didn’t take long. Expect ads like this from candidate Scott Brown to be in virtually every state where there is a competitive Senate seat:
Given that President Obama’s approval ratings are in the low 40s, the percentage of Americans who say the country is on the wrong track is consistently above 60 percent , Obamacare is unpopular (wildly so in swing states, with 55 percent opposing ) and a flock of vulnerable Senate Democrats have voted with him more than 90 percent of the time, it is remarkable that the president would make the midterms all about him. But that’s exactly what he did by declaring: “I am not on the ballot this fall. Michelle’s pretty happy about that. But make no mistake: these policies are on the ballot. Every single one of them. This isn’t a political speech, and I’m not going to tell you who to vote for — even though I suppose it is kind of implied.”
No doubt they are high-fiving one another in GOP Senate campaign offices around the country. There is more than a month to go, and the GOP by no means has the Senate majority locked up. But thanks to Obama, the party’s job just got a whole lot easier.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Does race really matter to Justice SotomayorBy David Bernstein October 3
Judging from her dissent in the Schuette case last term, the answer is, “only when the concept can be manipulated to support her political agenda.”
Here’s an excerpt from my Cato Supreme Court Review article on that case.
Perhaps the most notable thing about Sotomayor’s opinion, however, is that, as Walter Olson puts it, she “gerrymanders the word race itself a way convenient to her purposes, using it to include Hispanics (who, as official forms remind us, ‘can be of any race’), while breathing not one word about Asian-Americans.”….
It’s bizarre to treat Hispanics but not Asians as a racial group. Hispanic Americans (like Americans in general) can be descended from Europeans, indigenous people, Africans, Asians, or any combination of those. The idea that a white American whose father is of German descent and whose mother is a Chilean immigrant of Italian ancestry is in the same “racial” category as a Peruvian immigrant of pure Incan descent and an Afro-Costa Rican immigrant should offend the common sense of anyone who takes a moment to think about it…. While there are many white Hispanics—not just Hispanics with only partial Hispanic ancestry, but descendants of Spanish and Portuguese immigrants, descendants of Europeans who settled in Latin America, Sephardic Jews, and so on—there are by definition no “white Asians.”
Justice Sotomayor’s opinion nevertheless ignores Asian Americans entirely for the obvious reason that their success in winning admission to universities undermines the statistics she cites that show a sharp decline in “minority” (not including Asian) enrollment in states that ban racial preferences….
Justice Sotomayor’s implicit view of race in Schuette—that it includes a group with a common linguistic but not racial heritage (Hispanics) but not Asians—also undermines the following widely quoted language from her dissent:
And race matters for reasons that really are only skin deep, that cannot be discussed any other way, and that cannot be wished away. Race matters to a young man’s view of society when he spends his teenage years watching others tense up as he passes, no matter the neighborhood where he grew up. Race matters to a young woman’s sense of self when she states her hometown, and then is pressed, “No, where are you really from?”, regardless of how many generations her family has been in the country. Race matters to a young person addressed by a stranger in a foreign language, which he does not understand because only English was spoken at home. Race matters because of the slights, the snickers, the silent judgments that reinforce that most crippling of thoughts: “I do not belong here.”
“Race matters” is an odd rallying cry from a justice who for all intents and purposes treats Asian Americans as indistinct from whites. Nor does she provide a rationale for limiting the scope of her concerns for minority groups to African Americans and Hispanics. Are Hispanics and African Americans more likely to be asked where they are from or spoken to in a foreign language than are Asians? Do they suffer more slights, snickers, and silent judgments than Indian Sikhs wearing traditional headdresses, or, for that matter, Hasidic Jewish men with side-curls and fur hats, Mennonites, and Amish in traditional dress, or Arab women in hijabs? Unlike fair-skinned Hispanics who blend in with the general “white” population, Hasidim, Mennonites, and Arab Muslims are not eligible for affirmative action preferences—nor, in university admissions, are Sikhs or other Asians.
In fact, judging from her opinion, the breadth of Justice Sotomayor’s “race matters” concern is not some discernibly logical or empirical theory about for whom “race” or, for that matter, “different appearance from the mainstream” matters. Rather, being a “racial minority” is implicitly defined by an arbitrary combination of artificial census categories, university affirmative action admissions policies, and a sense of which minority groups, broadly construed, are not “making it.” The “making it” factor is itself highly problematic, given that some subgroups of the Asian category, not to mention some whites (as in Appalachia), have much worse socioeconomic indicators than some subgroups of Hispanics.
[I should point out that I'm not a fan of classifying humans by "race" to begin with, though I do have some sympathy for narrowly tailored affirmative action programs based on the unique history of certain American ethnic groups especially African Americans.  But if one is going to start throwing around race per se as salient, and then argue for a particular interpretation of the Constitution because "race matters," one should at least make an attempt at intellectual coherence.]
David Bernstein is the George Mason University Foundation Professor at the George Mason University School of Law in Arlington, VA.

The cloud DVR is going mainstream before anyone knows if its legalGlass
October 3, 2014
It’s perfectly legal in the US to record television programs for personal use, but the situation gets murkier when those recordings touch the web. American courts haven’t really decided if cloud DVRs, which store and play back TV shows over the internet, are just as acceptable as regular DVRs with hard drives, or instead violate copyright law. The US Supreme Court this year said a ruling on the legality of cloud DVRs would have to wait for another day.
That day could come soon.
Comcast, the biggest television and internet provider in the US, announced this week that its cloud DVR service has a key new feature: In many parts of the country, Comcast customers can now stream or download their recordings over any internet connection, wherever they are. Previously, downloads were limited to in-home connections managed by Comcast.
The distinction is important to lawyers, perhaps more than it is to customers. Comcast is confident in the legality of its product, but the programmers from which Comcast licenses content may not agree. They have a long history of suing to prevent technology that allows people to record television and play it back later, going back to VCRs.
“We comply with all the copyright laws that are associated with DVRs,” Matt Strauss , who is in charge of Comcast’s video business, told me last week while showing off the company’s X1 cable box . The new features  rolled out this week  to customers in San Francisco and now reach more than half of Comcast’s coverage area.
From VHS to the cloud
The potential legal issue is that Comcast’s contracts with programmers don’t include a separate license to stream TV shows over the internet. But that’s exactly what a cloud DVR does. The question is whether streaming recordings of TV over the internet is a “fair use” of content Comcast and its customers have already licensed. To stay within the bounds of copyright law, Comcast actually makes a separate copy of each recording for each customer and stores it in the cloud, which is not exactly efficient.
 Comcast actually makes a separate copy of each recording for each customer. 
You might think the matter was settled in 1984, when the Supreme Court ruled that “private, noncommercial time-shifting” was perfectly acceptable. (The justices, it should be noted,  almost went the other way .) That decision, known as the Betamax case, was used to justify the legality of DVRs when they emerged more than a decade later.
But the question arose again in 2006, when Cablevision, a television provider, began offering DVR service that stored the recordings in the cloud rather than on the machine’s hard drive. An appeals court based in New York City ruled in 2008 that it was a distinction without a difference, but the case didn’t make it all the way to the Supreme Court.
That has meant cloud DVRs are considered legal in New York, Connecticut, and Vermont, but their status isn’t clear in the rest of the country. As a result, the TV industry has been slow to adopt cloud technology in the US. Cablevision has offered cloud DVRs to most of its customers, but competitors largely haven’t followed suit.
The Aereo exception
Earlier this year, the Supreme Court dealt with a case that touched on similar issues: Aereo, a startup based in New York to take advantage of the previous appeals court ruling, was transmitting free broadcast television signals to people over the internet. It argued that the service amounted to a cloud DVR attached to an antenna, both of which are seemingly legal. The justices nevertheless  ruled against Aereo , calling it a “public performance” of copyrighted work, which is prohibited by law.
 What’s a “performance” and who is “the public”? 
That seemed to contrast with the appeals court’s Cablevision ruling, which said cloud DVRs don’t perform publicly—a decision that makes perfect sense to any average person trying to define the words “performance” and “public,” but raised eyebrows among lawyers familiar with the intricacies of US copyright law. Some of them feel that, while cloud DVRs probably should be legal, the Cablevision decision contorted itself to justify that conclusion. There are whole panel discussions on the topic!
So was the Supreme Court rebuking that ruling when it deemed Aereo illegal? Not technically. And the justices specifically said they weren’t taking a stand on cloud DVRs. But their reasoning raised enough questions that any lawyer would be concerned. Many I’ve spoken with since the Aereo ruling say they would advise Comcast, Cablevision, and other television providers to seek explicit rights to stream shows over the internet. Otherwise those companies risk a court battle that could end in a large settlement.
Cable TV vs. internet TV
The problem is programmers haven’t all been forthcoming with those rights. For cable companies, streaming television to tablets and phones within a customer’s home is considered OK because the content doesn’t travel over the “open internet,” in the words of cable executives. It’s a fine distinction, but one that appears to have programmers’ blessing. One widely praised feature of Comcast’s X1 cable service allows customers to watch live television on any device within their homes.
Tap image to zoom
Who wouldn’t want to watch “The Bachelorette” on the go?(Comcast)
Streaming outside the home is trickier because the content has to travel over the internet. It really shouldn’t make a difference, but it does. Access to so-called “TV Everywhere” is governed entirely by the choice of individual companies to make their programming available to TV subscribers over the internet or not. Many have objected or insisted on limits, hoping to extract additional payment from the same TV providers or new competitors—or in time, from customers themselves .
Recordings streamed over the internet may or may not be included in this category. The question becomes whether cloud DVRs are merely a technologically advanced way to do exactly what the Supreme Court said was fine to do with Betamax VCRs three decades ago. Or do they constitute a new performance of copyrighted work to the public?
“Sow confusion for years to come”
Justice Antonin Scalia, who dissented from the Aereo decision this year, warned that it would “sow confusion for years to come” because the court established a vague standard having to do with Aereo’s similarity to a cable company. “The Court vows that its ruling will not affect cloud storage providers and cable-television systems,” Scalia wrote (pdf, p. 33), “but it cannot deliver on that promise.” His view was that, by the letter of US copyright law, Aereo wasn’t performing at all.
 Are cloud DVRs like valet parking attendants? 
In the majority opinion, Stephen Breyer hinted at ways in which a service like Comcast’s cloud DVR might differ from Aereo. There is, of course, the fact that Comcast pays for the programming it delivers to customers. (Aereo didn’t.) Without naming names, Breyer suggested cloud DVRs could have similarities to how “a valet parking attendant returns cars to their drivers.” It may also matter that DVR viewing isn’t live, like the bulk of Aereo’s service, though the US Copyright Act of 1976 specifically says a public performance can be received “in the same place or in separate places and at the same time or at different times.”
This line in Breyer’s opinion must give Comcast some comfort:
In other cases involving different kinds of service or technology providers, a user’s involvement in the operation of the provider’s equipment and selection of the content transmitted may well bear on whether the provider performs within the meaning of the Act.
It “may well”! Indeed, it should. But as the nation’s biggest cable company rolls out these features to all of its customers—and, perhaps soon, all of Time Warner Cable’s customers , as well—a legal showdown on this question seems inevitable. Comcast believes its interests are aligned with programmers. That may be, but with the industry in flux, that could also change in an instant.
Share this:

CME Group cuts livestock trading hoursFrazzled livestock traders given a rest
By Gregory Meyer in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/066b5e98-4b11-11e4-b1be-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Patna: 32 dead  21 injured in stampede at Gandhi Maidan during Dussehra festivities5
0
Patna: Tragedy struck Dussehra festivities in Patna, the capital of Bihar, on Friday evening when a stampede at the city's famous Gandhi Maidan resulted in the death of at least 32 people and left 21 others injured.
The incident happened soon after the effigy of Ravan was burnt during Dussehra festivities at the ground. Several women and children were amongst those killed.
The cause of the stampede was not immediately known although some eye-witnesses said that there was a power cut and rumours of a live wire on the ground soon spread leading to the stampede.
Those injured have now been shifted to Patna Medical College for treatment. NDRF teams are at the spot.
Soon after the tragedy, political parties indulged in blame game.
BJP leader Kirti Azad blamed the incident on the lack of proper evacuation plans at the site while Manoj Jha of the Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) accused the Bihar government of failing to manage large crowds during festivals and important occasions.
Janata Dal United (JDU) leader Ali Anwar, however, hit back saying this was not the time for politics. "All efforts should be towards rescue operations," he said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi sanctioned Rs 2 lakh for the next of the family members of those killed and Rs 50,000 for those injured in the stampede. He also spoke to Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi who was present at the site during the celebrations.
The Union Home Ministry sought a report from the state government which set up a high-level inquiry to probe the tragedy.
Those seeking information about loved ones can dial 0612-2219810. About 50 Voluntary blood donors are ready to help at Patna Medical College Hospital. They can be contacted on 9308393446.
31

Hillary Clinton to hit the trail in the 2014 home stretchBy Ed O'Keefe and Jose A. DelReal October 3 Follow @edatpost Follow jdelreal
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton speaking at the Clinton Global Initiative's 10th Annual Meeting in New York City. (Photo by Michael Loccisano/Getty Images)
Hillary Clinton's fall campaign swing for midterm candidates in the final stretch of the 2014 campaign will take her through at least eight key states -- including stops in Iowa and New Hampshire.
Clinton’s nationwide tour will boost House, Senate and gubernatorial candidates. The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee confirmed Clinton’s itinerary, which was first reported by Politico Friday morning.
Clinton will attend a fundraiser for the DSCC in California on Oct. 20, the same day she’s attending a fundraiser with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) for women running for House seats.
Party officials familiar with her plans say Clinton plans to campaign in the high-stakes states where control of the Senate will be decided. She will join vulnerable Sens. Mark Udall in Colorado, Jeanne Shaheen in New Hampshire, and Kay Hagan in North Carolina. She'll also lend a hand to Michelle Nunn in Georgia and Rep. Bruce Braley in Iowa, both of whom are facing tough GOP opposition in their respective races.
Clinton will also join Democratic gubernatorial candidate Martha Coakley in Massachusetts, Maggie Hassan in New Hampshire, and Tom Wolf in Pennsylvania.
 
Ed O’Keefe is a congressional reporter with The Washington Post and covered the 2008 and 2012 presidential and congressional elections.
Jose DelReal is a blogger for Post Politics.

Mark Lerner says both Nationals and Orioles fan bases deserve a World SeriesBy Scott Allen October 3 Follow @ScottSAllen
(Photo by John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
Depending on whom you ask, it seems a World Series featuring the Nationals and Orioles is either the greatest or worst possible outcome of this year’s postseason for baseball fans in the area.
As a fan of both teams, I’m with The Post’s Thomas Boswell, who writes, “Of all the local sports prospects of my lifetime, nothing matches the fun index of an entire World Series played in ballparks 40 miles apart with as many as seven games jammed into nine days.”
Plenty of Nationals fans, though, would love to see the Orioles and owner Peter Angelos crash and burn in the ALDS, eliminating the chance of orange invading Nationals Park later this month. And for some Orioles fans, the sooner they stop hearing about Natitude, the better. Despite an ongoing legal battle with MASN and the Orioles over his team’s television rights, Nationals owner Mark Lerner would embrace a  Parkway/Beltway/MARC Series later this month. He even had some nice things to say about O’s fans.
“Both fan bases deserve it,” Lerner told the Associated Press . “I certainly feel great about our fan base, but I feel just as great about the Orioles’ fan base. There’s no better fans in all of baseball than Baltimore fans and they deserve a winner. I couldn’t be happier for that city.”
General Manager Mike Rizzo doesn’t really care who the Nationals would face in the World Series, as long as they get there.
“As far as a Beltway Series, I’d like to be in the Series against anybody,” Rizzo told the AP. “If it’s Baltimore, great. I’ve known Buck [Showalter] for a long time. We were together in Arizona (with the Diamondbacks) for a long, long time. A good friend of mine. He’s a great manager, definitely the Manager of the Year in the American League. They’ve got a great team, and they’re a scary team to play. But we’ll take a Beltway Series. We’ll take a Series in Anaheim. Or anywhere else. We’re just trying to get past the first round and see where we land.”
Meanwhile, NBC 4 is playing up the Nationals-Orioles rivalry with a series of promos that suggests the hate is strong between Washington and Baltimore fans, even extending to playgrounds. The last one is preposterous. Turning down a Berger cookie because you dislike the O’s? There’s no better cookie and you deserve that cookie.
Thanks to @russianmachine .
Scott Allen writes about all things D.C. sports. Follow him on Twitter @ScottSAllen or e-mail him if you’ve got a tip to share.

Maharashtra polls: tough  4-corner fight for most seatsEarnest start: NCP leader Jayant Patil launching his Assembly election campaign at Haripur village in Sangli. - PTI
Anti-incumbency feeling is high, but the BJP still has a daunting task ahead
Mumbai, October 3:  
The Assembly elections in Maharashtra, which are a mere 12 days away, will see a four-cornered fight in most of the seats.
There is a pronounced anti-incumbency feeling building up against the Congress and the NCP, which have ruled the State through an alliance for 15 years.
In their campaigns, the BJP and Shiv Sena are attacking the Congress-NCP rule for its scams and sluggish industrial growth.
On the other hand, the Congress and the NCP are busy trying to project a clean image.
Former Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan is the face of the Congress in the party’s ad campaign that was launched on Monday. It is banking on his non-corrupt image to garner votes for the party.
BJP’s chances
According to author and political commentator Nilu Damle, the BJP has a very good chance of forming the next government in Maharashtra if it manages to get about 100 to 115 seats.
But reaching those numbers would be difficult because the BJP still does not have a deep voter base in the State.
If the BJP gets close to forming the government then it could enter into an understanding with Raj Thackeray-led Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), said Damle.
The Congress may lose big time in the forthcoming elections, except in its pockets of influence that are controlled by politicians who have a strong family connection with the party high command.
The same would be the fate of the NCP, as its image has taken a big beating due to a perceived arrogance of power and money, said Damle.
Even RR Patil, who is one of the senior-most leaders of the NCP and a politician with clean image, could face electoral beating, he added.
Losing his grip
“The people of Maharashtra used to have a good opinion of Sharad Pawar but now they feel that due to his advanced age, he has lost his grip over the party. He will remain the Bhishma Pitamah of the party with less influence,” Damle added.
Narendra Modi’s biographer and political analyst Nilanjan Mukhopadhyay told BusinessLine that since the BJP had drawn about 30 per cent of the State’s votes in the Parliamentary elections, it has a good chance of winning the Assembly elections.
If the BJP has to grow in Maharashtra, it has to chart its own course. Its alliance with the Shiv Sena was not drawing it any benefits, he said. In fact it had become a liability, he added.
The BJP, in spite of it being a national party, was not sure of its position before the Lok Sabha elections, and therefore desisted from splitting the alliance, said Mukhopadhyay.
“When the BJP had struck an alliance with the Shiv Sena 25 years ago, it was a small party which was trying to gain legitimacy for its Hindutva plank. But since then the BJP has grown and moved to other goals, while the Shiv Sena has remained a single-focus party with no reach beyond Maharashtra,” he added.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Upbeat mood persists after Modi visitUpdated: October 3, 2014 22:44 IST
Upbeat mood persists after Modi visit
Narayan Lakshman
PTI Prime Minister Narendra Modi during a breakfast meeting with American CEOs in New York.
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Business and government leaders alike appeared to be basking in the afterglow of the U.S. visit of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, whose five-day tour to this country concluded on Tuesday after hitting high notes especially on the commercial front, holding out the promise of greater bilateral trade and investment through less red tape and more economic openness in India going forward.
In a private briefing senior business executives of the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry expressed unequivocal optimism that Mr. Modi had conveyed to the CEOs of top U.S. corporations in New York the emphasis that he places upon improving India’s “ease of doing business,” factor, adding that this would matter significantly to “cheques that will be cut later.”
“The real test for any CEO – British, American or German – to invest is to see whether Indians themselves are investing [in the Indian economy], and today Indians have stopped investing although today they still comprise [over] 90 per cent of the investments in India,” said FICCI President Sidharth Birla.
Mr. Birla added that even as Mr. Modi promised progress to a global audience, “We are watching and we have a far bigger hope than before, that Mr. Modi puts his money where his mouth is, and for the ‘Make in India,’ initiative, for example, the land and labour laws and infrastructural efficiency issues [will be addressed].”
Similarly Y.K. Modi, a past President of FICCI, said that the Prime Minister had shown via his “excellent track record as the Gujarat Chief Minister, which he is cleverly using” to prove that he is willing to “walk the talk,” and deal with the “nuts and bolts,” as a means to improving the macroeconomic situation in the country.
He said that both foreign and Indian businesses were not necessarily waiting for a “miracle” transformation of the economy before investing in India, rather “What people are expecting is that the government does not become a hurdle, which it was.”
U.S. officials appeared to echo the sentiments of this assessment, with Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs, Nisha Biswal, saying in briefing with select media here, “We’ve got folks who are firming up travel plans, because whether it’s on a trade policy forum to reinvigorate our conversations on trade issues, on issues like the Bilateral Investment Treaty… the Contact Group on Civil Nuclear Cooperation, whether it’s on higher education and skills, or energy or counterterrorism, we are lining up a pretty ambitious agenda of engagement.”
Philip Reiner National Security Council Senior Director for India suggested that there was optimism and a positive assessment of the meeting between Mr. Modi and Mr. Obama who seemed to hit it off over a their shared experiences in government.
He said, “They shared a lot of stories [and] found a great deal of common experience when it comes to first coming into government and realising just how bad government works, and acknowledging that there is so much more that could be done in government with technology, but it’s just so much slower inside.”
Mr. Reiner noted that when Mr. Obama entered office, he was facing the greatest economic catastrophe the world has seen since the Depression in the 1930s, and similarly Mr. Modi said that “India has faced a mass exodus of industrial investment and that as he has come in the door, you’ve already seen a turnaround.  You’ve seen the stock market really explode.  You’ve seen the growth rate increase.”

Monsanto india deserves at least 5% correction after a good run - upCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

You are a insider yes you are right some of top executives are looters...Platinum Member
105 Followers
friend - dont be rash.  Family issues sorted out ten years back.  Now India glyco is controlled by Shri U S Bhartia who blindly believe his executives most of them are not trustworthy and many became multi crorepathis at the expenses of his companies...  Highly profitable business..  lack of genuine control.. compay executives waste company`s resources like oceans... still compay survive!!!
12.53 PM Oct 2nd

Some `expert` on tv has given a technical target of 16.5 because of th...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

In recession the hr price had fallen to $300 below.Steel outlook not so bright:Business Line : 06.10.14
Weak demand and rising supply will keep global prices under check
With world steel demand continuing to lag supply, prices are expected to stay weak. Expanding steel production in China, the world’s largest producer and consumer of steel, even as domestic consumption tapers has been the single biggest drag on global prices.
In India, domestic steel manufacturers have managed to undertake some price hikes since September last year as they passed on the rise in raw material prices. This is, however, unlikely to continue, as rising steel imports, particularly from China, keep domestic prices under pressure.
Moreover, with the rupee now having stabilised, the protection from cheap imports provided by the weak rupee last year no longer remains. Following appreciation in the rupee, some domestic steel producers undertook price cuts in April to align their product prices with the landed cost of imports. Domestic steel prices (hot-rolled sheet) in China have fallen 16 per cent so far this year to $486 per tonne.
Supply to exceed demand
Even as Chinas crude steel production grew 2.6 per cent to 550 million tonnes (mt) for the year to August 2014, steel consumption contracted 0.3 per cent to 500 mt, during the same time. Steel production, on the other hand, continues to rise. China, which accounts for about 49 per cent of global steel production, contributed to 54 per cent of the increase in world production in 2014 (until August).
Elsewhere in the world too, the outlook for steel demand, which tracks overall economic growth, is far from bright. According to the IMF, while the global recovery continues, downside risks to economic growth in 2014 remain.
Leading economic indicators such as the Purchasing Managers’ Index indicate that the US economy is showing signs of improvement but the euro zone is still not out of the woods.
While the global steel demand-supply gap has narrowed since the slump created in the post-2008 period, production still exceeds demand. Global steel production, which is expected to rise to 1,644 mt (extrapolated) in 2014, will exceed demand, which is forecast to grow 3.1 per cent to 1,527 mt this year.
Impacted by the general economic slowdown and weak demand from key user industries — infrastructure, automobiles and consumer durables — India’s steel consumption grew only 0.6 per cent in 2013-14, the slowest in four years, to 74 mt.
Domestic picture
During the same time, domestic steel availability (production, minus exports, plus imports) rose 0.8 per cent to 85 mt. India, which has been a net importer of steel for several years, turned net exporter last year as domestic manufacturers tapped the overseas market, helped by the weak rupee. But with the rupee having stabilised since then and global steel prices continuing to stay weak, the threat of cheap imports into the country has increased.
India’s steel imports grew 23 per cent to 2.5 million tonnes in April-August 2014, compared to last year. The Indian economy showed some signs of a pick-up in the April-June quarter — GDP grew 5.7 per cent, the highest in 10 quarters, factory output expanded 3.5 per cent and the auto sector too reported high sales. But one has to wait and see whether the growth momentum will sustain — industrial growth contracted 0.5 per cent in July.
While the government’s thrust on infrastructure, housing and manufacturing, as reflected in measures introduced in the Budget and thereafter, will boost the demand for steel, the impact of this will be felt only over time. Domestic steel demand grew a meagre 0.3 per cent in the April-August period.
Meanwhile, rising imports are likely to keep domestic prices under pressure.
12.57 PM Oct 6th

