Beachside paradise  at a priceThe high price of this beachside paradise
By  Megan Snedden
You may not be alone in enjoying Sydney's beaches. (Getty Images)
Work-life balance
Come for the jobs, stay for the surfing. (Getty Images)
Getty Images
On weekends, grab a drink at Sydney Harbour, or opt for a trip outdoors. (Getty Images)
(Getty Images)
A vibrant coastal lifestyle is just one of many things Sydney has to offer. (Getty Images)
(Getty Images)
Tapping into online networks, especially those dedicated to expats in Australia, can make the job search much easier. (Getty Images)
More Slideshows
An expat’s home away from home
HIDE CAPTION
Imagine waking up to panoramic ocean views and hitting the beach for a stroll or a surf every morning before work. This is the reality for many expats who have relocated to Sydney, Australia.
By far, the city's biggest appeal is its coastal lifestyle, year-round ideal weather and bucket-list attractions like the iconic Opera House and Bondi Beach. Sydney is also a great launch pad to explore Australia's other natural draw cards like the Blue Mountains and the Great Barrier Reef.
Related
The most exotic business trip?
“There wouldn’t be many major global capital cities that have such beautiful beaches close to their doorstep,” said Mathew Tiller, the national research manager for Australian real estate agency LJ Hooker.
This lifestyle comes at a high cost, though. Sydney consistently ranks in the top five most expensive cities in the world to live. It's a place where banana prices can hit A$9 ($8.36) a kilo and a one-way train ride in town costs almost A$4 ($3.72). For expats, Sydney's far-flung location can also make a trip home a pricey 26-hour endeavour, with return airfares to cities such as London and New York around A$2,145 ($2,000) or more.
Yet achieving the Aussie lifestyle is well worth the cost, many expats say, as a skilled-labour shortage and variety of work visas make finding a job down under within reach. Here’s how to get settled into this city by the sea.
Housing
When looking for that ocean-view apartment, remember: rent in Sydney is advertised as price-per-week because it is paid fortnightly. So, if something appears inexpensive, multiply it to get the monthly rate.
Tiller said a large, brand-new one-bedroom apartment in Sydney's eastern suburbs, comprising Bondi, Bronte and Tamarama beaches, will average A$800 ($743) per week, but there are many older, 1970s buildings available for less.
American expat Caitlin O’Malley, who has lived in Sydney for more than a year, pays A$350 ($325) per week for a room in a shared three bedroom apartment in Bondi, which she found through a friend.
“I paid the same price to rent in New York City, but I was living in a shoe box there that was fifteen minutes from the subway. Here, I live on the top floor with ocean views, so my money goes further, but it’s still as expensive,” O’Malley said.
Beyond the beach, Tiller said rental prices depend on proximity to the Central Business District, or CBD, the city’s main employment hub for office workers. In trendy inner city areas such as Surry Hills and Paddington — known for their vibrant art scene and restaurants — a two bedroom flat might go for A$700 ($651) per week. In Parramatta, a 40-minute train ride away, a similar property will cost A$400 ($372) per week.
You can find listings at real estate agents or on web sites such as GumTree.com.au or RealEstate.com.au . A popular local surf photography website, AquaBumps , also lists rentals.
Wages and Taxes
Working in Australia might mean making more money than you do at home, as local wages can sometimes be higher for a comparable job overseas. This helps account for the high price of living. O’Malley said her annual salary at global digital media agency VML, where she works as a social media manager, is $20,000 higher in Australia than it was in the US for the same position.
As of July 1, minimum wage went up by 3% to A$16.87 ($15.68) per hour. Jobs in the hospitality sector Australia-wide can pay even more than that: around A$25 ($23.24) for your average cafe position, expat Marina Dreher from Ulm, Germany, said.
“You can earn a lot of money here and there are lots of opportunities in areas that need experienced people from overseas,” Dreher said. “Speaking multiple languages is definitely attractive for prospective employers, even in hospitality as there are so many tourists.”
Vibrant job market
The state of New South Wales, where Sydney is located, has the lowest unemployment rate in the nation, the Australian Bureau of Statistics reports. Still, a vibrant job market doesn’t guarantee positions for everyone.
“…Landing a job depends on how qualified you are,” said Kathy Nunn co-owner of Aussierelocation.com. “Compared to the rest of the world it’s quite attractive in terms of finding a job, but you have to have the right skills,” Nunn said.
Once you have a valid work visa, you’ll must apply for a Tax File Number online through the Australian Tax Office website ( www.ato.gov.au ) to avoid paying the highest tax rate of 45%.
Income of less than A$18,200 ($16,913) in the 2013-2014 year is not taxed, according to the ATO. After that, tax brackets apply. The $18,200 to $37,000 income bracket is taxed at A$0.19 ($0.18) for each dollar, for example. That’s low in comparison to living in Amsterdam , which has the highest tax rate in Europe.
Remember the Australian tax year runs from July 1 to June 30 and you may be required to file taxes in both your home country and down under.
The Job Hunt
Skill shortages across Australia in industries like health and engineering have led to a thriving migration programme that seeks to attract foreigners with particular qualifications, experience and languages. You can check the government’s Skilled Occupation List , to see if your profession is eligible for a work visa.
Otherwise, the country’s Working Holiday Visa (subclass 417) permits people from 19 different countries, including Japan and Canada, who are between the ages of 18 and 30 to hold several jobs during a 12-month period, as long as they don’t work more than six months under a single employer. Ten countries, including Poland and Chile, are eligible for the Work and Holiday Visa (462), which is similar, except there isn’t a possibility to extend an additional year as there is with the subclass 417 visa.
The means of finding a job are myriad. Nunn recommends applying for senior positions before getting to Sydney. However, it’s easiest to find casual or unskilled work after you've arrived.
Dreher joined a “German expats living in Australia” group through Xing, the German version of LinkedIn. Once she arrived in Sydney, Dreher used the online network to find a job at a cafe across the street from her house. A few months later, she was hired to fill a travel agent position by one of her regular customers who operated a campervan rental company. Her new employer went on to sponsor her subclass 457 visa, which lasts four years and is eligible for renewal. She hopes to stay in Australia long-term.
 Securing sponsorship can be a laborious, and stressful process that can take months, O’Malley said, and it doesn’t always guarantee a job. Her employer offered her the possibility of sponsorship, but the visa took months to receive approval through the company’s global headquarters in addition to the lengthy application process that followed.
“You have to prove that you have skills that other Australians [the company] interviewed don’t have,” O’Malley said. “Usually it’s pretty hard for people to get sponsored if they don’t have previous skills.”
She said she plans to stay in the country long-term.
Beyond networking, expats turn to recruitment agencies like Nakama, which fills roles in such industries as design and communications, and employment websites like Seek.com.au.
As for benefits, Australia offers competitive, retirement savings plans, called superannuation. Employers are required to contribute 9.5% of an employee's base salary before tax to an approved fund. Not planning on staying for the long haul? Temporary residents can apply to reclaim their superannuation funds after they’ve left Australia.
Australian residents receive four weeks of paid annual leave based on their ordinary work hours. Those with either a partner visa (granted to those in a de facto relationship with an Australian citizen) or permanent visa also qualify for paid parental leave at AUD $641.05 ($595.81) per week before tax for a maximum of 18 weeks.
Health Care
To qualify for a visa, health coverage is required. Australia offers a publicly funded universal healthcare scheme called Medicare, which most residents are eligible for, but not all.
Eleven countries have reciprocal agreements, which qualifies foreign residents from these countries for subsidised medical services: this is good news for people relocating from the UK and Sweden, for example.
Those from countries without a reciprocal agreement, however, can buy private health care in Australia or possibly rely on their health insurance plan back home, depending on the plan. Basic private health insurance in Australia through companies like BUPA and HCF might cost AUD $100 ($92.92) per month depending on the extent of coverage.
Residents who do not qualify for the reciprocal health care agreement may apply for the Medicare Levy Exemption: a 1.5% tax charged for Australian Medicare. If you don’t file the exemption before you return to your home country, you can file for it later. 
Without insurance, paying for a general doctor’s visit will cost around AUD $80 ($74.34) plus the cost of medications.
No Worries Lifestyle
While a cocktail at Sydney Harbour might cost you A$25 ($23.24), there are many ways to live well for less, such as enjoying the outdoors on the weekend and saving that night-out for a weekday evening when pubs offer discounts.
Despite the costs, the Aussie “no worries, mate” way of life attracts Dreher.
 “In Germany everyone is stressed out… here, there’s more balance between work and private life,” Dreher said. “Australians are hard-working, but they also treat themselves well by enjoying the sunshine and going for hikes.”
Does she feel a pull to her home country? “A lot of family and friends have visited, so I don’t feel the need to go home,” O'Malley said.
Advertising Feature

Vice Media nears sale of stake to A&EAugust 29, 2014 8:34 pm
Vice Media nears sale of stake to A&E
By Matthew Garrahan in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a2fb0c0e-2fa0-11e4-87d9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Time Warner sees Vice as a lure for youngJune 12, 2014 5:46 pm
Time Warner hopes a little Vice can lure younger viewers
By Matthew Garrahan
Talks over stake deal come as group spins off Time Inc print arm
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ee584c08-f219-11e3-9015-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Microsoft faces China antitrust ultimatumSeptember 1, 2014 1:32 pm
Microsoft ordered to comply over China antitrust allegations
By Charles Clover in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/31d5fdd8-31bf-11e4-a19b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

You ll Never Believe Where This Little Guy Livesreddit
Photo of tiny Demodex folliculorum mite that is found on human faces.
Talk about creepy! You may think your morning shower did its job, but odds are a bunch of microscopic mites are crawling on your face and living in your pores at this very moment.
In fact, new research suggests that a specific genus of these tiny parasitic creatures called Demodex are way more common on the faces of human adults than previously thought. Just check out the video above to see one of the little critters in action.
"The surprise is that these mites seem to be on nearly all or even all adults, even though they are rare or maybe even entirely absent on younger people," study co-author Dr. Rob Dunn, a biologist at North Carolina State University , told The Huffington Post in an email.
How do the mites make their way onto our faces to begin with? Dunn said the answer to that question remains a "fundamental mystery."
For their study, the researchers scraped a metal spatula along the noses and cheeks of 253 men and women to collect samples of their faces' microscopic ecosystem. Then the researchers extracted DNA from the sebum -- the oily substance produced by the sebaceous glands -- of another group of 19 adults.
What did the researchers find? Mites were visible in only 14 percent of the scraped skin samples, but DNA from the mites was spotted in all of the 19 adults.
The finding certainly shows the mites are even more ubiquitous than scientists thought. But that's just the beginning.
"This research can help us tell a compelling story of our own human history," study co-author Megan Thoemmes, a graduate student in biology at North Carolina State University , told The Huffington Post. "The genetic diversity and structure we are seeing in the Demodex mites can help us to better understand... how human populations have radiated around the world."
The study was published online in the journal PLOS ONE on August 27, 2014.
Also on HuffPost:

Letters to the editorApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

United buys KKRs stake in VersatelSeptember 3, 2014 1:59 pm
United Internet buys KKR’s stake in Versatel
By Jeevan Vasagar in Berlin and Anne-Sylvaine Chassany in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8e7d1522-3358-11e4-9607-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A work culture in which  we re in each other s business every momentA work culture in which 'we're in each other's business every moment'
A work culture in which 'we're in each other's business every moment'
Martha Cotton, partner at innovation consultancy Gravity Tank, discusses health mindfulness, sustainability and the sharing economy; the importance of understanding people; and an office setting in which employees make each other better.
Martha Cotton, partner at innovation consultancy Gravity Tank, discusses health mindfulness, sustainability and the sharing economy; the importance of understanding people; and an office setting in which employees make each other better.

6 simple time-management tips for managersSix simple time management tips for managers
Time management
By Dan Adika, Young Entrepreneur Council, Tribune Content Agency
Six tips to keep you from getting bogged down from tackling too many tasks.
You've always heard that time is money, and it's even more important when you are a young entrepreneur. You don't have a lot of time to accomplish everything that you want, so you need to learn how to get the most out of the small team that you have. Some of the best companies in the industry don't have big teams, yet they have effective ones. Here are six tips to keep you from getting bogged down from tackling too many tasks.
8
Have a list and follow it. One of the most important things about getting the most out of your time is knowing where you are spending it. Create a to-do list and follow it as much as you possibly can. There will be some speed bumps down the road, but you can avoid a ton of headaches if you just sit down and plan a little bit. Have goals for the day, month and year. Create plans for your team as well. That way, they know what's expected of them and won't have to rely on you to find out what to do next.
0
Think about what you want to do before you do it. Our parents used to tell us to think before we act. We can take that advice and go further with it. Before you pick up the phone and make a call, think about what you want to accomplish. Remind yourself of what you need to get done so that you don't get sidetracked when you start talking. Remember that you are trying to tackle a lot of things throughout your day, and having to contact someone again might be very troublesome and time consuming. Tell your team that you expect the same attitude from them.
Focus. Sometimes, we just get too distracted throughout the day. If things need to get done, you have to focus on them. Don't let any distractions keep you from accomplishing everything you set out to do. Make a "do not disturb" sign and hang it on your door when it's crunch time. You can do the same for your team. Do not disturb them during certain periods of time. They need to focus just as much as you do. Be sure that everyone is staying on task and on point.
Find a system that works for you. Everyone works in a certain way. You have to find the system that works well for you. Don't try different systems because you hear good things about them; you'll only end up confusing yourself and your team. Find the system that works for what you need and stick to it. There's no point trying to learn each and every system if you already have one in place that works fine.
Delegate your workload. It would be nice to do everything yourself, but that's not being realistic or productive. Delegate your work with your team so that everyone has something to do. Your results will be better because things aren't rushed, and you'll be able to relax a little and get rid of some stress. You might even discover some hidden talent within your team.
Use technology to your advantage. Technology was designed to help everyone, including entrepreneurs. Don't forget that you can set events on your phone or create a system that helps with customer issues. You can also use online guidance systems to help reduce the number of customer service calls and allow your team to be more productive. Technology can work with you, and you'll be able to get more done with the limited resources that you have.
Dan Adika is CEO and Co-Founder at WalkMe, an online guidance and engagement platform.

Backoff  credit card data virus in the airBackoff, credit card data virus in the air
PTI
Lethal credit card stealing virus prowling in cyberspace. Malware mainly infects Windows operating systems
New Delhi, Sep 3:  
A deadly virus which hacks and steals personal credit and debit card data is prowling in the Indian cyberspace.
The virus, of the lethal ‘Trojan’ family, has been named “Backoff” and is being seen spreading through computer networks which use Windows as their operating systems.
“It has been reported that variants of malware family dubbed as ‘Backoff’ targeting Point of Sale (POS) systems are spreading. The malware mainly infects windows based systems.
The malware propagates by scanning for systems with remote desktop applications enabled.
“Successful compromise allows an attacker to infect the systems further with the POS malware so as to steal customer payment cards data like card holders name, account number, expiration data, CVV code among others from POS systems,” the CERT—In said in its latest advisory to Internet users in the country.
The CERT—In is the nodal agency to combat hacking, phishing and to fortify security—related defences of the Indian Internet domain.
The virus is so notorious that it is able to capture keystrokes and communicate with the command and control server for further hacking—like activity, the agency warned.
Interestingly, the virus also possesses capability to inject malicious stub into Windows ‘Explorer.exe’ for persistence and in case the malicious file crashes or is stopped forcefully, the agency said.
Cybersecurity sleuths said the malware and all its variants remain “mostly undetected by the anti—virus vendors” which categorises it as a potent and big threat in the online world.
“The malware makes a network connection to various command and control servers and uses HTTP POST request to transfer the data of the victim system. The POST request generated from the victim machine consist of various parameters identifying different information about the infected machine,” the advisory said about the virus which can acquire at least three aliases to hide its evil designs.
(This article was published on September 3, 2014)

It takes half as long to recoup the cost of a college degree today as it did in the 1970sBy Jonnelle Marte September 3 Follow @jonnelle
(Bigstock)
Tuition costs are rising faster than inflation. Many people with college degrees end up unemployed or underemployed.  And debt collectors are being criticized for the ways they go after graduates for payments owed.
None of this suggests that college is growing more affordable. But a chart put out by the New York Fed’s Liberty Street Economics blog shows that by some measures, going to college is at least getting more manageable.
During the first four years of college, the investment families make in tuition results in negative cash flow. But once graduates start working and earning money, they begin to see what’s become known as the “college wage premium,” or the difference between what a person with a college degree earns over a someone without one.
While the cost of college has climbed over several decades, the time it takes graduates to recoup the cost of their degrees is falling. As the chart below shows, it takes about half as many years to break even on the cost of a degree as it did in the 1970s. Workers recouped the cost in about 10 years, on average, in 2013, compared to more than 20 years in the late 1970s.
(Federal Reserve Bank of New York)
Still as the writers noted the equation may change when it takes people five or six years to earn a college degree instead of four and not all college graduates will see a bonus equal to earnings. In fact, the main reason the college premium has grown so much is that wages for people who don’t have college degrees are falling.
Most workers are dealing with the reality that  wages aren’t keeping up with inflation. Still, the only people making more in real hourly wages when compared to 2000 are workers with college degrees.
Read more:

You Want More Leads - So Use These 9 Tips Nowreddit
Every business can use more leads, and business owners are constantly searching for new ways to increase the number of leads that their website generates. There are two things that will help increase leads. The first is to increase website traffic, and the second is to increase conversion rates. This sounds great (and completely logical), but many business owners struggle with both of these.
The only way to increase your conversion rate is to drive more traffic, and it needs to be targeted traffic. You could drive thousands of visitors to your website daily, but if they have no interest in what service or products you provide your conversion rate will be nonexistent. In an effort to help your business generate more leads I have put together a list of nine tips to help increase your traffic and conversion numbers.
1. Make Sure Your Website Loads Quickly
A slow loading website will turn away prospects extremely fast. Nobody has the time or patience to sit there and wait for your pages to load. There probably aren't too many business owners that test their page load speed or look into what is causing performance issues. This isn't because they don't care, as most are unaware that there are potential speed issues and a way to improve the problem.
There are two great free resources that can help identify issues that are causing page loading delays as well as provide solutions to fix the problems.  The first is GTmetrics and the second is Google's PageSpeed Insights . Simply enter in your URL and they will provide you with a score and suggestions to help improve your speed.
If your visitors aren't sticking around long it is very unlikely they will convert into a lead.
2. Ensure Your Website is Responsive
It is so important that your website is accessible on mobile devices , as 61% of mobile users are likely to leave a website that is not mobile friendly, and 88% of consumers who search for a type of local business on a mobile device call or go to that business within 24 hours.
If the user has trouble navigating your website on a mobile device do you think they are going to go out of their way to interact with any of your calls-to-action? Of course not! Give them a pleasant mobile experience and watch your conversions increase.
3. Write Content That Provides Value
When you create content for your blog don't worry about SEO. Worry about whether or not it is going to provide value to the website visitors that stop to read it. Are they going to learn something or are they going to view it as overly promotional?
Often times business owners will ask my company how long their content should be. There is no right or wrong answer. Do you think a website visitor is going to finish reading your blog posts and say to themselves, "Well I am very interested in this business but this blog post was only 800 words and I only interact with companies that produce a minimum of 1,200 words per post." How ridiculous does that sound? Focus on providing value and watch your leads increase.
4. Share Your Content
You have social media accounts and you are creating content for your website, correct? Are you sharing it on social media after you create it? As obvious as this question might appear, there are several businesses that do not share their own content across their social media profiles.
This results in more sharing and introducing additional consumers to your brand. It is also important that you make your content easily shareable by your visitors. My company uses a very simple plugin that displays eye appealing share buttons and allows our visitors to share our content with a single click of their mouse.
When your content is shared across social media it begins to drive traffic to your website that is interested in your brand. This will naturally result in more leads being generated.
5. Ensure Your Email Marketing is Mobile Optimized
Nearly 70% of all email is opened on a mobile device, so it is important to make sure that the email management program you are using is sending mobile friendly emails. If you are using calls-to-action in your emails you want to make sure that the reader can quickly identify them and click through to your website.
This also goes back to point #2 above. If someone can read the email on their mobile device and then they click over to a website that isn't mobile friendly they are going to leave. Make sure that the entire flow, from email to website visit, is pleasant on mobile devices to increase the number of leads you generate.
6. Use Infographics
Every business is starting to blog now, and while it is a very effective way to get website visitors interested in your brand, sometimes you need to stand out. Nearly every website is publishing blog posts, and infographics allow you to use visual content to really grab the attention of your visitors.
Not only will more visitors interact more with an infographic when compared to a regular blog post, but they will also be shared more across social media. A well thought out and clever infographic can go viral, especially if it is related to a current event. Companies that use strategic infographic marketing can really drive a lot of targeted website traffic, resulting in more leads.
7. Include Multiple Calls-to-Action on Your Website
Not only should you have calls-to-action on ever single page of your website, but you should have multiple CTAs located all over your website to increase your lead conversion rate. There are multiple action examples, such as downloading a free eBook, subscribing to a newsletter, signing up for a webinar, or filling out a contact form.
It is important to have them located throughout your website. My company has three CTAs on every page. We have a free eBook offer, a newsletter subscription offer, and a quote request option located in our sidebar. We also have another newsletter subscription CTA in the footer of our site. This enables visitors to sign up that reach the bottom without having to scroll back up.
8. Give Away Something of Value for Free
One of the CTAs mentioned above was for a free eBook download. This is a great way to generate more leads, as your visitors will be happy to give up their name and email address in exchange for something that they see value in. Both sides get what they want. Your business generates a new lead and the visitor receives something of value.
There are many different incentives you can offer. eBooks, webinar access, special discount coupons, access to locked content, or special reports are just a few examples. Every website is going to have a different market and target customer, and by using common sense you can identify some attractive offers to entice your visitors with.
9. Send Traffic to Relevant Pages of Your Website
Often times businesses will launch huge online marketing campaigns and drive the traffic to the home page of their website even though they are using keywords and ads related to specific products or services that their business sells.
It is important to send traffic to the most relevant page of your website. For instance, if you are running a pay per click campaign and targeting keywords related to a particular product that your website sells you would want to send those visitors to the actual product page on your website where they can read more information about it. This increases the odds of them completing one of your CTAs and turning into a lead.
Want more free online marketing tips? Make sure you sign up for the Market Domination Media weekly newsletter. You can sign up by clicking here and you will automatically receive online marketing tips in your inbox every week.
Follow Jonathan Long on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MDMSEO
More:

Dyson launches robotic vacuum cleanerSeptember 4, 2014 11:09 am
Dyson launches its first robotic vacuum cleaner
By Tanya Powley, Manufacturing Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c1474e0a-335d-11e4-9607-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lego seizes crown as worlds top toymakerSeptember 4, 2014 11:01 am
Lego seizes crown as world’s top toymaker
By Richard Milne, Nordic Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c447d310-3414-11e4-8832-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dyson sues Samsung over rip off vacuumSeptember 10, 2013 4:40 pm
Dyson sues Samsung over ‘rip off’ vacuum
By Mark Wembridge
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a76bee9a-1a14-11e3-b3da-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Better to offshore  than to crash outLast updated: September 5, 2013 12:01 am
Better to offshore, than to crash out
By Jonathan Guthrie
Manufacturers should still plant flags in the world map
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2328b12e-154e-11e3-950a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bloomberg to retake helm at data groupLast updated: September 4, 2014 2:59 am
Bloomberg to retake helm at data group
By Andrew Edgecliffe-Johnson in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/08ae1f42-33ce-11e4-ba62-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Microsoft unveils latest smartphone rangeSeptember 4, 2014 12:26 pm
Microsoft brings mobile personal assistant Cortana to UK and China
By Daniel Thomas, Telecoms Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9eaf977c-341a-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Heavy rains kill nearly 40 in PakistanPress Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: September 4, 2014 5:22 pm
Near 40 people including children died due to heavy monsoon rains and related accidents in Pakistan, a police official said on Thursday.
Most of the people have died because of the roof collapsing incidents in the largest province in Punjab as a result of continuous heavy rains since Wednesday night.
Fifteen people were killed in Lahore where all the roads and streets were flooded, he said.
Two people died when a rooftop caved in due to the heavy downpour in Lahore’s GOR-II area, the newspaper Dawn reported.
One man died and four others were injured in a similar incident in Johar Town. A rescue operation was launched in the area.
Four others, including two children, were killed in similar incidents of roof collapse in the Godhpur and Green Town areas as a result of torrential rains. Three more died when the roof of a house collapsed in Gujranwala district.
Also, three persons were killed and 16 were injured in different areas of Faisalabad due to crashing of roof.
Two brothers were killed and their sister was injured when the roof of their house in Khanewal area collapsed.
In Narowal’s Chandwaal area, a seven-year-old girl died while five others were injured in Muzaffarabad.
In Chiroi and Bhambar areas of Pakistan occupied Kashmir two people including a woman died when their house’s roof caved in.
Also, two siblings died in Manawa and one woman in Samanabad due to electrocution.
The current rain spell has been generated by the first well-marked low pressure of the monsoon season that is moving towards Pakistan via India, moist current from the Bay of Bengal and a trough of Westerly wave persisting over northern parts of the country.
The Pakistan Meteorological Department has send out a warning that it is likely that all rivers in Punjab would be in “very high” to “exceptionally high” flood from Friday to September 7 because of expected intensification of the current spell of fairly widespread rains reported from various parts of the country.

Minecraft builds partnership with LegoJuly 22, 2014 5:21 pm
Minecraft builds partnership with Lego
By Richard Milne in Stockholm
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6c3cd314-11aa-11e4-b356-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How Lego deals with success and digitalShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
How Lego deals with success and digital
Jul 10, 2014 : FT Nordic correspondent Richard Milne interviews Lego chief executive Jørgen Vig Knudstorp at the toymaker’s headquarters in Denmark. They discuss how Lego resists complacency after nearly a decade of constant organic growth, and how it deals with digital change.

Power Ministry floats Cabinet note on coal price poolingNew Delhi, September 4, 2014
Updated: September 4, 2014 19:23 IST
Power Ministry floats Cabinet note on coal price pooling
PTI
coal
The Power Ministry has floated Cabinet note for pooling of imported and domestic coal for deciding price of the raw material for plants commissioned after 2009, a proposal aimed at meeting increasing demand for the dry fuel.
The ministry is of the view that pre-2009 plants should not be included in this arrangement as share of the public sector is 98 per cent of the total capacity.
Sources said the proposal has been circulated among ministries concerned.
"Whereas in post 2009 capacity the public and private share is equally divided, therefore the proposal would be advantageous for plants commissioned after that year," a source said.
As per government estimates, if the pooling is confined to post-2009 plants the resultant increase in per unit cost of power generation is expected to be 74 paise for 2014-15, 44 paise for 2015-16 and 5 paise for 2016-17.
"To make this option work it would be necessary to make it mandatory for all the post-2009 power producers to take domestic coal only at the pooled price," the source said.
The ministry's earlier consultations with the central and state sector utilities suggested that they had strong reservations about the price pooling mechanism of pre-2009 plants.
If pooling of imported coal is done with domestic coal to be supplied for both pre and post 2009 plants, as per official estimates, the approximate increase in per unit cost of generation would be 23 paise for 2014-15, 17 paise for 2015-16 and 2 paise for 2016-17.
The ministry has said that for pre-2009 plants, the coal supply must be kept at the existing level of 90 per cent of the annual contracted quantity.
For post-2009 plants the supply must be made at 70 per cent of the Letter of Award (LoA) in the fourth quarter of 2014-15, 75 per cent in 2015-16 and 80 per cent in 2016-17.
The ministry's proposal will not be applicable to imported coal based projects.
The Power Ministry has sought an appropriate decision be taken on the coal imports and its price pooling.
The net coal requirement works out to about 433 million tonnes (MT) in the current year, about 500 MW in 2015-16 and about 548 MT in 2016-17.
On the issue of tapering linkage policy, the Ministry of Coal will revisit the policy which would facilitate supplies to coal block linked power plants if the development of captive mine is delayed beyond normative date of coal production for reasons beyond the control of developer.

Cabinet Approves 7% Hike in Dearness AllowanceYou are here: Home Industries
Cabinet Approves 7% Hike in Dearness Allowance for Government Employees
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 04, 2014 20:02 (IST)
Bharti Airtel Gains on Possible Rejig in Rural Telecom Fund
New Delhi:
Government today approved 7 per cent hike in dearness allowance (DA), taking it to 107 per cent of basic pay, a move that will benefit around 30 lakh central employees and 50 lakh pensioners including dependents.
"The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, today gave its approval for the release of an additional instalment of DA to general government employees and Dearness Relief (DR) to pensioners with effect from July 1, 2014. This is an increase of seven per cent over the existing rate of 100 per cent of the Basic Pay/Pension, to compensate for price rise," a press statement said here.
The increase is in accordance with the accepted formula, which is based on the recommendations of the 6th Central Pay Commission, it said.
The combined impact on the exchequer on account of both DA and DR would be about Rs 7,691 crore per annum and Rs 5,127 crore respectively in the financial year 2014-2015 (for eight months -- July, 2014 to February, 2015), it added.
As per the practice, the dearness allowance is worked out on the basis of 12 month average of Consumer Price Index for Industrial Workers (CPI-IW).
The average rate of retail inflation for industrial workers from July 1, 2013 to June 30, 2014 was 7.25 per cent.
Therefore, the central government decided to hike dearness allowance for it employees by 7 per cent.
The previous UPA government had increased DA to 100 per cent from 90 per cent with effect from January 1, 2014, on February 28 on the basis of agreed formula for revision of the allowance.
Story first published on: September 04, 2014 20:00 (IST)

Coal India Rushes to Supply Power Plants with Low Stocks: ReportBharti Airtel Gains on Possible Rejig in Rural Telecom Fund
Coal India is rushing to supply coal it has sourced from railway sidings, loading areas and other places over the years to feed power plants critically short of the fuel, a company official with knowledge of the matter said.
The move is part of emergency measures taken by the state giant to prevent a shutdown of nearly one third of India's thermal power plants that have coal stocks of less than four days - a situation last seen in one of the worst blackouts in 2012. A few power firms have already switched off some units.
Coal India, which accounts for more than 80 percent of India's total production, has about 30 million tonnes of accumulated "carpet coal" that is being sent to companies on a priority basis, said the official who declined to be named as he is not authorised to talk to media.
"We have requested our units to push this coal from stock to power stations which are in a critical condition," said the official. "Where critical or super critical power stations are there, we have already advised our subsidiaries to enhance their off-take so that they come out of critical condition."
The company has also advised power firms to use trucks to carry coal from remote mines, like the Amrapali open cast pit in eastern Jharkhand state.
India's railway network is often clogged, delaying delivery to power stations.
India suffered unprecedented power cuts on July 30-31, 2012, that affected 620 million people - nearly a tenth of the world's population - in 22 states across the north and east of India.
Heavy rains in eastern India has also hurt coal mining, with output falling to 1 million tonnes per day over the past week from an average of 1.3 million.
The production loss and a lack sufficient transport infrastructure could result in the company falling short by 30 million tonnes of its targeted coal supply to the power sector. It had planned to supply 408 million tonnes for the year through March 31, the official said.
This will result in a further increase in inbound shipments to the country, already the third largest importer of coal.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Bloomberg  a private matter© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/a9921a2e-344d-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maruti Suzuki shows a yen for currency stability with switch to rupee royaltyApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Govt forms four-minister panel to create environment regulatorApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Kerala High Court refuses to stay new liquor policyApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Challenges lure Bloomberg back to helmSeptember 4, 2014 5:54 pm
Challenges lure Bloomberg back to helm of media empire
By Matthew Garrahan and Shannon Bond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fbf19864-344b-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A Five-Step Action Plan for Women to Land a Board Seatreddit
In my last post, we discussed the fact that many women miss the boat because they don't understand the steps to take early in their careers to best position themselves for board membership. Here are five practical steps you can start taking today to increase your future chances of getting on a public company board:
Step 1: Excel at what you do. Nearly 50 percent of directors surveyed by the organization Women Corporate Directors (WCD) expressed that certain areas of expertise are missing from their boards. Research from consulting firm Spencer Stuart found that nearly 30 percent of boards are interested in adding new skills around their table. There's an opportunity here for women to help fill these holes in areas of needed expertise.
What skills are needed? According to a report in Fortune , executive teams look to fill board positions with people who demonstrate analytical and conceptual thinking skills while working well with others. Many women have the collaboration piece down -- so your goal should be to develop deep business and financial experience by starting where you are now in your corporate career. Getting P&L responsibility is critical. The key is to seek opportunities where you can be involved in real-time decision-making -- and excel at these projects in a visible way.
Step 2: Develop your brand/value proposition. You should be clear on why a board should hire you instead of assuming they know and will seek you out. To that end, it's important to understand how you can provide tangible value to a particular board -- and to be able to communicate that value clearly. What differentiates you from the pack of contenders? Call out your personal brand and demonstrate how you can use it to enhance the board's future success. Once you've developed your brand/value proposition and can articulate it clearly, create a board-specific resume that highlights the unique strengths, experiences and skill sets you bring to the boardroom.
Step 3: Gain nonprofit board experience. While there's some disagreement in the business community about whether nonprofit board experience is a prerequisite for gaining entree to a public company board, there is no doubt that sitting on a nonprofit board is an excellent way to learn board governance. Nonprofit board membership can also provide powerful and influential relationships that could result in paving the way to a corporate board seat. It certainly can't hurt to include nonprofit board experience on your board resume -- so get involved, charm a committee and take this experience as far as you can to enhance your skills sets.
Step 4: Develop and leverage a powerful network. Part of the reason that more women aren't on boards is that they lack the right networks -- as well as a sponsor who will advocate on their behalf. I have attended a number of education sessions on board membership for women, but disappointingly, the attendees were only women. Where are the men who occupy over 80 percent of U.S. board of director seats? Women who aspire to serve on a board can learn from men who are already there and should strive to cultivate relationships with them, which could lead to sponsorship opportunities.
It takes years of experience and competence to become board ready--but even with the necessary preparation, few find themselves in the boardroom without help from an active sponsor. When building your network, be bold and think big and wide beyond your existing contacts to include those with real influence. Some of the most critical relationships you can form are with recruiters who conduct board searches, and current board members. Your goal is to find one or two people who can serve as your sponsor or advocate. Seek people in power who are willing to go to bat for you specifically by recommending you for a board seat.
Step 5: Get educated. Candidates with training on governance issues, in-demand skills, and other specific experience needed for a board have more leverage to state their case for board membership. Check out your local National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD) chapter and research the educational programs available. Many major universities also offer corporate director programs from which you could benefit. Be sure to list any participation in relevant classes, seminars, and skill-building sessions on your board-specific resume, and be prepared to explain how your additional learning can benefit the board you're interested in joining.
By following these five steps, you'll ignite an action plan that will increase your board readiness and help you land a coveted board seat. For more strategies on how women can prepare for board membership, stay tuned for SHAMBAUGH's Executive Forum this fall on Becoming Board Ready.
To find out how organizations can eliminate outdated assumptions and move toward true cultural transformation, visit www.shambaughleadership.com . A SHAMBAUGH consultant can help your company take a deeper dive on this critical issue. Learn more about SHAMBAUGH's nationally renowned signature Women in Leadership and Learning (WILL) Program
Follow Rebecca Shambaugh on Twitter: www.twitter.com/beckyshambaugh
More:

Apparel Industry Profiteers Must Fund Relief for Free Trade Refugeesreddit
More North Americans have learned about root causes of Central American displacement and migration this summer than any other time in recent memory. We are horrified by the violence -- and feel indignant about the culpability of United States' failed drug war policy. The economic root causes, which we have heard less about, need our attention too.
The Textile and Apparel Industry has built tremendous wealth as beneficiary of the Dominican Republic-Central America Free Trade Agreement (CAFTA-DR) passed by the U.S. House of Representatives by one vote in 2005.  CAFTA-DR and subsequent Free Trade Agreements changed the economic landscape in the region, turning countries into mega-enclaves of textile manufacturing for brand name apparel sold in U.S. stores.  Companies that manufacture Jockey, Hanes, Fruit of the Loom, Lee, Wrangler, Adidas, New Balance and The North Face top the list.
On August 1, 2014, the Transnational Institute for Grassroots Research and Action (TIGRA) challenged the Textile and Apparel Industry's top manufacturers in Central America, the Apparel 10* to launch a multi-million dollar Fund to address the humanitarian crisis at the US-Mexico border. The Fund's purpose is to support legal representation of refugee minors in the U.S. and to ensure resources are available for Central American NGOs to help children now being deported, to safely reintegrate. TIGRA challenges the Apparel 10 to show leadership and take responsibility for the well being of families that helped create their wealth. We requested an answer within 30 days and still await a response.
The Economic Roots of the Central American Refugee Crisis
Since the implementation of CAFTA in 2005, Textile and Apparel Industry corporations have benefited the most from low tariffs on goods, low wages, relaxed labor and environmental standards, and state-funded infrastructure projects (roads, buildings, and hydroelectric dams to power their factories). This arrangement has generated $70 billion in revenue for its largest players in the region, more than any other industry that CAFTA serves according to the U.S. Department of Commerce. For U.S. textile exporters, Honduras, El Salvador, and Guatemala represent the biggest yarn and fabric markets in the CAFTA region. More than 75 percent of refugee minors come from this region known as the Northern Triangle.
U.S. Job Loss and Increased Poverty Wages in Central America
From 2000-2012, 565 textile plants closed in the United States, shedding more than 400,000 jobs. According to the Central American-Dominican Council of Textiles and Apparel, there are over 600 apparel factories in these countries, employing over 220,000 workers paying as low as $160 a month. Fruit of the Loom, owned by Berkshire Hathaway, is the largest private sector employer in Honduras. It employs 20,000 workers in Honduras and in El Salvador. A typical textile worker in the United States earns $37,000 a year. In Guatemala a worker earns $4,500 -- and in Honduras, its $2,490.
Destroyed Rural Economies and Decreased Food Security
The sector most affected by CAFTA in Central America is agriculture. Many local farmers and food producers are unable to compete with US-subsidized imports of rice and corn. With a weakened rural sector, more people look for work in cities, especially in the maquiladoras that spring up around urban centers. Less than 20 years ago, more than half of the region's population lived in the countryside; today, it's a little less than a third and decreasing rapidly. Increased competition for jobs in the maquiladoras will likely result in wages being pushed further down.
UCLA Professor and sociologist Dr. Leisy Abrego has documented what happens when families cannot survive and farmers cannot compete with low-priced food commodities that have been subsidized by the U.S. government. Dr. Abrego says workers are forced to seek opportunities elsewhere and migration becomes their main option. For her book, "Sacrificing Families: Navigating Laws, Labor and Love Across Borders," she interviewed dozens of Salvadoran parents impacted by the maquiladora state. One mother Sonia, 29 years old, was waiting to migrate as soon as her visa came through. Her own mother migrated when Sonia was 8 years old. "I have nothing here to stay for. If I work in a maquila here, I mean, I might as well work for a factory over there and make more money. Here in a maquila, you make $114 per month. That's not enough. I don't know what I'll work over there -- taking care of kids or something."
CAFTA's Link to Economic Instability and Regional Violence
San Pedro Sula, capital of Honduras (the third largest exporter of apparel and textiles to the U.S.) is the site of 122 apparel and textile factories concentrated in 23 industrial parks occupying expanses of land once suitable for growing crops. It is also the most violent city in the world based on a study by Mexico's Citizens' Council for Public Security and Criminal Justice. Government repression against human rights activists and US drug war militarization are the major factors for increased violence.
CAFTA's impact on the current migration crisis began with increased violence as a result of governments in the region implementing repressive zero tolerance policies to prepare for multinational investors. Central American countries wanted to show investors they were tough on crime with harsher replicas of the Zero Tolerance policy pioneered under former New York Mayor Rudy Guiliani and NYPD Commissioner Bill Bratton. At the time, Central American governments ignored recommendations to focus on violence prevention and intervention with social integration programs including investment and collaboration around sustainable job creation with livable wages. The ties between economic insecurity via CAFTA, resulting drug trade and violence and subsequent migration are now undeniable.
Unprotected Workers Throughout Central America
According to the Solidarity Center , "Honduran labor laws do not protect workers from the health and safety risks posed by textile factory work... The majority of clothing and textile workers are women who face particular challenges in the workplace, including sexual harassment, denial of maternity leave and forced pregnancy tests during the job application process." In one of the factories operated by multinational Korean-owned company, Kyungshin-Lear, women were forced to wear diapers "for the sake of efficiency." And Hermosa Manufacturing workers from El Salvador are still fighting Adidas for wage theft when it abandoned its factories while still owing workers $825,000.
Free-trade laws do not hold corporations accountable for negative local impacts, but people are suffering because of CAFTA-DR. The apparel industry, which has profited above all other sectors, has a moral duty to respond.
Industry Leaders Need to Show Leadership When the Political Class Can't
The United States Congress left for summer break on August 1 without addressing this humanitarian crisis. Since then, the Obama administration has fast-tracked hundreds of deportations, and some have unfortunately met the violence they flee from. According to San Pedro Sula morgue Director Hector Hernandez, 42 children have been killed since February, and one teenager shot dead hours after coming back home. The administration sends three planeloads of women and children a week back to Honduras.
According to Kids in Need of Defense (KIND), asylum seekers with legal representation are four times less likely to be deported immediately than those without. But immigrants facing deportation are not entitled to court-appointed lawyers, nor can most afford it if presented.
To respond to this challenge, the California State Legislature is considering a bill to provide $3 million to nonprofit legal groups in the state to represent unaccompanied minors. "Helping these young people navigate our legal system is the decent thing to do," says Governor Jerry Brown who is in support of the pending legislation and a standout among national political figures for showing courage on the issue. Extending this legal protection to thousands will require millions more.
TIGRA challenges the Textile and Apparel Industry to contribute their fair share.
It's the decent thing to do.
More:

Celebrating Safe Drinking Waterreddit
Every day of your life, you rely on safe, clean water. When you brush your teeth, bathe, put ice in a glass or just drink water straight from the tap, you know the water will be safe and clean. For that, you can thank the water utilities, regulators and legislators who worked together to conceive and implement the Safe Drinking Water Act (SDWA), which celebrates its 40th anniversary this year.
The fact that safe, clean water is expected, and maybe even taken for granted, in the United States, is largely because of the reliable access to clean water during our lifetime. That reliability dates back to 1908, when Dr. John L. Leal added chlorine to the water supplying Jersey City, New Jersey. For the first time in the U.S., a community was provided water free of bacteria. Word of that benefit then began to spread.
In 1914, the federal government began regulating drinking water. These early standards put the nation on the path that eventually led to the conception and implementation of the Safe Drinking Water Act.
Public and private utilities have played an important role in the shared responsibility of federal and state water quality standards from the beginning. Over the years, our members have worked closely with the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and other organizations to ensure that safe drinking water remains a priority in this country.
The EPA, which is responsible for enforcement of the SDWA, notes in its published materials that, "Drinking water that is not properly treated or disinfected, or which travels through an improperly maintained distribution system, may also pose a health risk."
That statement is important because it highlights both treatment and the distribution system.
Treatment encompasses disinfecting water that can contain anything from pesticides to harmful viruses and more that could have disastrous consequences if properly maintained water filtration plants were not in place. This is a critical part of fulfilling the promise of the SDWA.
The distribution system encompasses 2.8 million miles of water and wastewater pipes that lead to and from our homes, workplaces and schools. Updating and maintaining our nation's aging water infrastructure is one of the biggest challenges we face in the future. The cost of replacing and expanding our drinking water infrastructure is estimated at $1 trillion over the next 25 years. That number could grow if we delay action.
That's why members of the National Association of Water Companies (NAWC) regularly invest in the communities they serve by updating outdated treatment facilities and infrastructure--making sure the water from your tap continues to be healthy and safe, meeting and exceeding the standards.
America's public and private water utilities have historically recognized what needs to be done to improve America's drinking water and they have met the challenge through new technology, efficiency and treatment methods.  As we look to the future, we need to reinvigorate this spirit of collaboration between the public and private sector so that, as new challenges emerge, we can improve and adapt in the future to meet greater needs and demands.
Let's raise a glass of clean, safe drinking water to the 40th anniversary of the Safe Drinking Water Act - and to the promising future of one of our most precious resources.
Follow Michael Deane on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MDeaneDC
More:

Column: Alcohol under GST-States objection defies logicApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Stars humanise NY real estate© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/34ca583a-337d-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tech Revolution or Gender Revolution: Which Has Had a Greater Economic Impactreddit
The technology revolution has profoundly changed the way we live and work. How's that for stating the obvious? At the risk of channeling my grandmother, this is noteworthy for someone who grew up in the age of fax machines and VHS tapes.
A simple example of the ubiquity of the tech revolution is the incredible computing power and connectivity we now have in the palm of our hands. Geneva-based International Telecommunication Union predicts that 2014 is the year that the number of in-use cell phones will surpass the number of people on the planet. Now that surprised me.
But the technology revolution isn't just about the coolest gadgets and how many of us have them. Over the last three decades, technology has significantly altered our economic landscape, as well as social conventions and public policy. Yet I would argue there is another revolution in the same period that has had an even greater impact on the American economy: women's participation in the workforce.
Throughout the same three decades, the steep rise in the number of women in the workforce has strengthened household incomes and the U.S. economy overall. To put this revolution in terms of gross domestic product (GDP), a group of economists using Census Bureau data determined that without the increase in women's paid work, GDP would have been roughly 11 percent lower in 2012.
Comparing that to the 6 percent contribution to GDP of the information, communications and technology-producing industries combined in 2012, women's increased participation in paid work, contributed almost twice as much to GDP.
According to the economists' calculations, if women's employment patterns had remained unchanged, American households overall would have substantially lower earnings today. Additionally, GDP output would be, in today's dollars, $1.7 trillion less -- that's roughly equivalent to the combined U.S. spending on Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid in 2012.
That's huge.
Considering that women earn less than men in nearly every occupation -- 77 percent of men's pay is the widely reported figure -- their contribution to GDP is even greater. Despite this shift in labor patterns, basic U.S. labor standards, developed under the assumption of a one-income family, have been slow to adjust. Reconciling work and family demands is a challenge for many working women. And, unfortunately, motherhood is often blamed for the gender pay gap.
Women now make up almost half of the total U.S. labor force -- the 2012 figure from the U.S. Department of Labor puts the number at 47 percent. So, for the sake of the economy, let's hope the gender revolution continues. And for the sake of women and families, let's make sure the next phase of this revolution addresses the persistent gender pay gap.
More:

What It s Really Like Working For Uberreddit
I was a Community Manager on the East Coast for Uber for almost a year (February 2013-December 2013). After being out for about nine months, I've had a chance to reflect on my time there. I've also been encouraged to, due to the number of people who've reached out to me, asking how it was, since they themselves are considering applying.
This makes sense. It's smart to talk to someone who works at a company before deciding to work there. It's even smarter to talk to someone who currently works there and someone who used to.
So let me tell you what it's really like working for Uber:
PROS
1. The Team Is Extraordinary
The people at Uber are fucking awesome. There's no other way to put it. They're astonishingly smart, motivated, talented, warm, friendly, and very hardworking. Uber is extraordinarily picky about who they hire, and they do a good job of bringing in brilliant people.
For me, my peers were the best part of the job. They not only had my back most of the time, but they were super fun. For the most part (not all the time, but the vast majority of the time), I felt like I could reach out to anyone there, and they'd make time for me.
As a rule, people at Uber are generous and bighearted and intelligent and sharp and creative and cool.
2. They're Fair
For the most part, Uber is a pretty flat meritocracy. They're ready to listen to anyone, if what they say is of value. Good ideas are noticed, respected, and implemented. There are obviously some politics (I don't believe any large organization of human beings can totally avoid that), but it's not the predominant company culture.
Instead, they're extremely focused on metrics and analytics. Your success is largely based on your performance in terms of numbers, not whether someone likes you or you're someone's cousin or you've been there longer.
3. It's a Crazy Awesome Ride (pun unintended)
There's nothing like being on the inside of an insanely popular and insanely high-growth tech startup. Uber's growth is unbelievable. I've never seen anything like it. The weekly all-team meetings, held via Skype since Uber is now in 100+ cities all over the world, are awe-inspiring. It's unreal watching baby cities grow into monster cities, or small teams blossom into huge ones. Working for Uber is like being on the inside of a real live game of SimCity.
It's an incredible feeling to know that you're part of it.
4. People's Reactions To, "So, What Do You Do?" Are Awesome
It usually goes down like this:
Rando #1: "So, what do you do?"
You: "I work for Uber."
Rando #1: "What!??! That's so cool!"
Rando #2: "I love Uber!"
Rando #3: *just looks at you in awe*
CONS
It's Stressful
Really, really stressful.
I did an informal poll while I was at Uber, asking people in different departments and different cities: "On a scale of 1-10, how stressed were you at your last position, and how stressed are you at Uber?" I routinely got answers of 2-6 pre-Uber, and 8-10 at Uber. One guy said, "At my last job, maybe like a 4. At Uber? Normally... 8. This week? 11."
At Stanford, we had a saying that students there are like ducks on a pond. On the surface, they look like they're effortlessly floating along; under the surface, they're paddling like mofos, their hearts going a million miles a minute just to keep up.
That's Uber. Everyone looks like they're doing fine, but they're really working 80-100 weeks and even then, constantly feel like they're behind. Working for Uber is a sprint, with marathon hours.
It's Disjointed
Uber is still in the awkward gangly phase of a burgeoning startup. The thing is, it's not really a startup anymore. It's a big company with things like corporate values and policies and rules and guidelines. So expectations of employees are really high, but without all the support that comes with that.
As a CM (Community Manager), it was hard sometimes to rally all the things I needed help with, without pissing people off. I was dependent on teammates in design or engineering who were all the way across the country, many of whom I'd never met in person. It was nerve-wracking to not be in control, especially when I had time-sensitive needs and there was limited communication. I often felt powerless, but when I pointed this out I felt like I was just looked at as a complainer. A similar problem was echoed by others around me, those who experienced parts of Uber as rigid, not always willing to make the right systemic changes due to wanting to go at a breakneck pace all the time.
At Uber, you're not always going to be given everything you need, to do the job you're expected to do. The right systems simply aren't in place yet; it's all still being built. Things can be stressful or difficult, but without the recognition that they are, which can be challenging to deal with. It's easy to feel alone, even while you're surrounded by amazing people.
There Is No Work/Life Balance
At Uber, you work nights, weekends, and holidays. Some teams split it up so you get some real time off during the week/weekend, but that's rare (FYI, some of this may have changed, since things at Uber shift so rapidly, but I doubt it. It's ingrained in the culture). What's not rare is to sign on to Hipchat (the way the entire company stays in touch) at 11 p.m. on a Saturday night, and see lots of colleagues online, working, as well. Fortunately, you can work from home, and most teams are pretty flexible about that, but it's still important to understand that you will be working *all* the time.
Uber does a good job about being upfront about this; they describe it to potential new hires as "the Uber lifestyle." You're expected to pitch in and do whatever it takes to have your city succeed, no matter when or how long it takes, and everyone hired is willing to do so.
Joining Uber is like joining the firm from that John Grisham book... The Firm. Once you're in, you're in. Think of it like getting into the military, only cooler and you probably won't die.
So, would I recommend working for Uber?
It depends on who you are and what you want.
If you're young and hungry with few attachments, it's a great option. For someone single, just out of college who just moved to the area, not wanting to get into a relationship or hang out with a lot of people outside the company, it's practically ideal (practically). You'll meet incredible people and be part of a strong culture. You'll constantly be working, but you'll never be bored and you won't mind as much because most if not all of your friends will be at the company.
However, if you're already somewhat established in your life (mid-to-late 20s, early 30s, or in a relationship), it's going to be hard. It will be 'normal' to spend your entire workweek working until 9 p.m. or 10 p.m. every day, then work an all-day event on Saturday, for Uber. You'll miss seeing your friends and family, and resent the constant feeling that you're not doing enough, despite working so much. This may wear on you over time, and eventually you may burn out.
As for me, my story has a happy ending (not that kind, but it's still good). I'm happier at my current job than I ever was at Uber. We're OpiaTalk , a tech startup in the eCommerce space, out of Baltimore. We help retailers make the most of their organic traffic -- our social commerce widget turns browsers into buyers, hyper-converting traffic and driving opted-in leads at 4-5x industry average. Our team rocks, and I'm proud to be our Director of Communications. (I'm the crazy one in the brown dress):
Now, I wake up excited about my job and I also have real weekends, which has me feeling rested and ready for the week. During my time off I feel like I'm truly off, which is pretty much the best freaking feeling ever. At Uber, I constantly fantasized about leaving; it was never sustainable. OpiaTalk is sustainable because I work hard, and I have a life outside it.
Finally, I really wasn't in the right role at Uber, and my manager wasn't willing to work out a way to put me in one better suited to me in a timeline that worked. At my current job, I play to my strengths, and I feel truly supported by my boss. Shoutout to you, @TomPopomaronis : I love you, your mentorship, your humor, your entrepreneurial fire, your drive, and your heart. It's why I'll stick with you through anything, and why I'm pumped to be on the team you've built, that we continue to build together. Thanks for including me and for believing in me.
-----------
I thought long and hard about whether to publish this. My hope is that it came across the way it was intended: as an honest and thoughtful distillation of my own experiences and observations of what I still see as one of the coolest modern companies to come out of the United States.
You want to talk about disruption? Uber has actually disrupted the tech/transportation industry. The world is literally different because of this company, and I say that as a young woman who is guaranteed a safe ride home in most cities where she goes. #Gamechanger. I also respect how Uber helps empower an entire generation of drivers with safe, flexible jobs -- an opinion based primarily off my own one-on-one discussions with countless drivers about what Uber allows for them and their families.
Here's the truth: Some jobs fit your personality, and some don't. Some company cultures fit you; some don't. Sometimes, yes, it's important to stick with a position for your own professional growth; other times sticking with it just leads to suffering. I'm grateful I had the opportunity to work for Uber for a variety of reasons, including gaining a better understanding of where I truly belong and how I want my work life to feel. That was an invaluable lesson, even if was a painful process.
I can't tell anyone what to do; I can only offer up my perspective. I hope it was Uber helpful.
Follow Melanie Curtin on Twitter: www.twitter.com/opiatalk
More:

Is It Time for Me to Sell Blunders.comreddit
Remember 1997? It was the height of the dot-com bubble. And everyone was registering domain names with unrealistic hopes and dreams of developing profitable, pure-play internet businesses.
I, too, drank the Kool-Aid and registered blunders.com, and many others. No business plan. No strategy. Just $8.95/domain name and unrealistic, stupid thinking.
Blunders.com was to be a Successories.com parody. While I loved Successories' beautifully framed photography with inspirational messages like "Achieve", "Teamwork" and "Excellence", I believed the business world could also benefit from a little reality, too. Purely for lighthearted fun, Blunders.com would feature images, video and contributed stories of actual business and personal bloopers and fails.
It seems everyone I know registered a domain or two (or hundreds), hanging onto them in hope of creating a new business or benefitting from an increase in value to a future buyer... someday. But fourteen years and about $130 dollars of annual renewal fees later, I'm thinking it's time to sell.
Maybe you may have your own inventory of mothballed internet domain names. So, what to do?
The internet domain market
First, some research. Over the last decade millions of businesses and other online ventures (about 110 million registered .com domains and counting) have resulted in a dwindling supply of .com names. In response, the Internet's governing body ICANN (Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers) decided to create a new Top Level Domain Program (TLD).
For an analogy, think of dwindling phone numbers resulting in new area codes and dwindling 800 numbers resulting in more toll-free options. And for the uninitiated, TLD is the string of letters after the dot - .com, .gov, .edu and .net are the most familiar; by far .com is the most popular.
To learn more about these new domain name possibilities (and some insights on what to do with blunders.com), I went to a domain name expert - Monte Cahn .
Like many experts, Monte is a pioneer. Among his credits:
WhoIs record privacy, which protects domain name owners from spam and unwanted solicitation by hiding their identity.
The monetization and development of domain markets - selling, auctioning, escrowing and appraisal of domains. In 2004, Monte (as CEO and founder of Moniker, an ICANN-accredited domain name registrar) introduced the first live Sotheby's-style auction for premium domains.
Monte told me, "We've always associated domain names to virtual real estate and putting a stake in the ground to claim your property, and then being able to monetize it, either by reselling it or turning it into a real business. And so, that's how we became famous in the industry."
More on Monte and his latest domain name venture in a minute. For now, let's go back to Top Level Domains and the new generic TLD program. I don't know how many applications were submitted, but I do know that some that were accepted have started coming on line this past year, offering a number of diverse new options to the domain-registering public.
Some are related to topics of interest, such as .diet, .beer, .hiphop.
Some are for industries and professions like .realtor, .lawyer, and .finance.
Some are for large companies as businesses from Accenture to Zappos have submitted applications to register a TLD for their trademarked names.
For big brands, having their own TLD is going to allow them to promote specific products or categories and reach target markets more easily and creatively. For example, Nike could use running.nike to target runners and promote running shoes and teams.nike to showcase teams that use Nike gear.
Shifting to the Right of the Dot
Monte is excited about this new potential, having founded his next domain business named Right of the Dot ™. The premise of Right of the Dot is summarized in the business name and this succinct statement on the company's website:
The domain industry is on the verge of shifting its attention from the "left side of the dot" to the right side.
Domain name options have been constrained by the dot. You could be as creative as you wanted on the left side (with the exception of certain characters and symbols like $), but you had to settle for a limited number of options on the right side, and the de facto choice (except for non-profits, schools and government) became .com.
That could change. More than 1000 new names or "strings" could become available in the next few years. According to Monte, "A lot of very industry-specific, social-specific, business-specific and geographic-specific TLDs are coming into the market in a big way. So my new business is concentrating on what's "right of the dot" because that's going to have more meaning. For example, the .travel registry has restricted the usage of that TLD to those with UIN numbers or travel agents. An address like .realestate might be open only to people whose license is up-to-date."
As for how this will shake out, only time will tell. TLDs other than .com have been available in-market for some time now - for example, .biz for businesses and .mobi for sites optimized for mobile devices - and most have failed to garner acceptance, let alone popularity. Meanwhile, as standard-bearers, the foundational TLDs of .com and .org will probably hold and may even increase in value.
Yet a new generation of internet users could have no proclivity for .com, just as they don't care whether the toll free number is 800 or 866. As dedicated mobile phone users, toll-free is a foreign concept to them anyway.
What I decide to do with blunders.com boils down to whether or not I believe it will hold its value in the wake of the onslaught of new TLDs and my desire to finally launch it as a new business.
What are you going to do with your domain inventory?
Resources:
http://dotanything.co/ for a list of all the new domains.
http://www.ha.com/ for domain name auctions.
http://rightofthedot.com/ for Monte Cahn's new business.
Photo credit: Venture Marketing
John Fox is the Founder and President of Venture Marketing . He writes about issues especially important to B2B businesses leaders.
© 2014 John Fox. All Rights Reserved.
Follow John Fox on Twitter: www.twitter.com/b2bmarketing
More:

Column: Time for strategic bonding with AustraliaApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Entrepreneurs Need To Bridge The Knowing-Doing Gapreddit
These days, with the many Internet articles and new courses available, most new entrepreneurs readily cross the gap from lack of business knowledge to knowing, but many never make it over the knowing versus doing gap. Investors I know highlight this problem with the mantra that they fund founders and teams who can execute, rather than ones who just talk about their great ideas.
After many years of working in and starting businesses, I'm convinced that implementing new business ideas is much more difficult than coming up with the ideas. The first challenge is to overcome the natural human tendency to equate talking about an idea with actually taking action. The bridge from talking to knowing to doing is all about leadership, confidence, and initiative.
I found a good summary of the dynamics behind personal business leadership, and how to get there, in a new book " Leadership Rigor! " by Erica Peitler, a well-known leadership performance coach. Here are the key principles she espouses, extended to leadership teams, based on my own background and mentoring new entrepreneurs:
Learn to trust yourself and your team. Crossing the knowing-doing gap in a startup can create feelings of trepidation, fear, and embarrassing consequences of perceived failure. These are self-imposed barriers based mainly on your own negative self-talk. Learning to trust yourself is critical. Then you have to listen to and trust your team.
Be patient and let the collective strength grow. Be aware of your anxiousness and practice self-management in being patient with yourself and team members. Resist the trigger of impatience. Slow down and trust the process, engaging the collective input of all. No one is the sole center of attention, so allow strengths to grow and unfold naturally.
Take an escalation-of-risk approach. Start with a low-risk approach of discussion of your action plan in a one-on-one discussion with a trusted advisor. A more moderate-risk is to offer your plan to key team members, asking for feedback. Finally, the highest risk approach is to push your execution model directly on the whole team, and resolve issues.
Take the fear out of team player decisions. It is easier to encourage team members to question current business processes and make innovative changes in an atmosphere of trust and safety. Getting beyond known limits requires courage from all, not fear. Driving the fear out of business pivots encourages thinking outside the box.
Use metrics to support judgment in decisions. Metrics should be seen as guides, helping to direct and support good behavior, but not absolute measurements of good or bad judgment and wisdom. Metrics are necessary to acquire knowledge and turn it into action. What gets measured gets done. What is not measured is not seen as important.
These principles embody an incremental approach to the knowing-doing obstacles that entrepreneurs and their teams have to face head-on:
Overcoming the resistance of inertia. It's easy for founders and teams to convince themselves that it's okay to stay in the knowing stage a little longer while everyone strives for a greater level of confidence. Sometimes intellectual arrogance drives the conclusion that knowing is the most important thing, and almost the same thing as doing. It is not.
Taking risks and resolving unknowns is not comfortable. Individual and team leadership is about consciously demonstrating good business actions, in real time, through disciplined practice. Doing this will create experiences from which you and the team can learn and grow. Expertise requires iteration on learning, failing, and growing.
Fear of showing vulnerability. Every entrepreneur and team member has to get over the fear of showing others conscious incompetency in certain areas, and a willingness to struggle through the necessary learning curve to reach conscious competency. This is an important step in self-coaching, and in coaching others on the team.
Don't let the memory of past actions limit thinking. Memory often serves as a substitute for thinking. Team members do what has always been done without reflecting. Business problem solving should mean drawing from past precedents, how things have always worked, and standard operating procedures, but not being constrained by them.
Entrepreneurs should judge their own competency, and that of team members, based on how well they perform, not how well they talk or how smart they seem. It's easy to sound smart by being critical of the ideas of other team members, and it's easy to make excuses about why a new proposal will not work, or why the present process is less risky than a new one.
Starting and building a business is not rocket science. But is does require continuous decisions and sound execution. Thus the knowing-doing gap is one of the biggest inhibitors to success that I see. It's time for every entrepreneur to take a hard look at themselves and their team to assess how well they stack up relative to the principles and challenges outlined here. All your competitors, investors, and customers are making the same assessment on you.
Follow Marty Zwilling on Twitter: www.twitter.com/StartupPro
More:

Whitehall on all-male shortlists© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3238822a-3429-11e4-8832-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Draghi pins hopes on orphan childSeptember 4, 2014 8:28 pm
Draghi pins hopes on ‘orphan child’ plan
By Claire Jones in Frankfurt and Christopher Thompson in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/148faa2e-3450-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Barclays to launch fingervein scannersSeptember 5, 2014 12:02 am
Barclays to launch finger vein scanners
By Daniel Schäfer in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cf707970-3448-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Barclays in second client money probeAugust 15, 2014 6:47 pm
Barclays in second client money probe
By Sharlene Goff, Retail Banking Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d0ce7662-2491-11e4-9224-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Barclays moves up US dealmaking ranksAugust 3, 2014 12:58 pm
Barclays moves up US dealmaking ranks
By Ed Hammond and Camilla Hall in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ac13d2e4-1ab5-11e4-bd87-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Barclays / BAT / Holidays and the City© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/217360a4-180e-11e4-a6e4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Slowing Asia demand sparks diesel glutLast updated: September 4, 2014 8:21 pm
Slowing demand in Asia sparks diesel glut
By Anjli Raval, Oil and Gas Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/26b0b7ba-3415-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

material world still rulesSeptember 3, 2014 1:09 pm
A thinker whose heft impressed Bill Gates
By Ed Crooks
In Vaclav Smil’s view, physical substances remain central to modern economies, writes Ed Crooks
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/34631104-3344-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Vice Medias value increases to $2.5bnSeptember 4, 2014 2:56 pm
Vice Media’s value increases to $2.5bn after $500m fundraising
By Robert Cookson, Digital Media Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/645e6bb2-341e-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

DIPP moots unified industrial corridor bodyApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Hearing of arguments in suit against Aamir Khan s  PK  poster next weekApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Emraan Hashmi s  Raja Natwarlal  box office collections: Rs 50 crore  mission impossibleApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Another Major Newspaper Drops  Redskins  NameNew York Daily News Will No Longer Use 'Redskins' Name
Posted:
Updated:
09/04/2014 10:59 am EDT
FILE - In this June 17, 2014, file photo, Washington Redskins helmets sit on the field during an NFL football minicamp in Ashburn, Va. The U.S. Patent Office ruled Wednesday, June 18, 2014, that the Washington Redskins nickname is "disparaging of Native Americans" and that the team's federal trademarks for the name must be canceled. The ruling comes after a campaign to change the name has gained momentum over the past year. (AP Photo/Nick Wass, File) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
NEW YORK (AP) — One of the nation's largest newspapers says it will no longer use the name Redskins when writing about Washington's NFL team.
The Daily News of New York said Thursday in a lead editorial titled "Sack the Name" that the reference will no longer be part of stories and columns. The name, however, may appear in quotations, reader letters and discussion of the dispute. Also, the logo of a feathered Native American will be dropped, replaced by an image that features team colors.
The editorial notes that language changes through the years, and "the time has come to leave the word behind."
Other media outlets have also dropped the name. Last month, CBS analyst Phil Simms, who will handle Washington's Week 4 game, said he likely won't use the nickname.
More:

Apple to add security alerts for iCloud users  says Cook: WSJ8
The iPhone maker said it plans to more aggressively encourage people to turn on the two-factor authentication in the new version of iOS, the daily reported.
"The usability battle will always be there but could you ever imagine using your debit card at an ATM and not entering a pin? That's two factor, something you have (a card) & something you know (a pin), and we all get along just fine," WhiteHat Security's Matt Johansen told Reuters.
Apple said on Tuesday the attacks that emerged over the Labor Day weekend on celebrities' iCloud accounts were individually targeted, and that none of the cases it investigated had resulted from a breach of its systems.
Some security experts have faulted Apple for failing to make its devices and software easier to secure through two-factor authentication, which requires a separate verification code after users log in initially.
Apple could also do more to advertise that option, they said. Most people do not bother with security measures because of the extra hassle, experts say, and the leading phone makers are partly to blame.

Want a Bigger Business Make it PersonalIt's an old cliché, and we've all heard it: "It's not personal, it's just business."
Really?
Anyone who can dismiss a business as being anything but personal probably never owned one.  As entrepreneurs, our business are a huge part of who we are; it is our art, our concerto, and our masterwork.  For most entrepreneurs, the very mention of being a business owner invokes a feeling of personal pride.
What entrepreneur hasn't personally sacrificed time, money and sweat (and probably blood and tears) to make their business grow? For a true entrepreneur, a business is not just a way to make money, it's the way we show who we are, prove we are capable, resolve our insecurities and learn some of life's most important lessons.
Of course business is personal .
It is by allowing business to be more personal that we maximize potential and reach our goals.  Beyond our own feelings for our business, any business is ultimately based on relationships: the relationships between people in your office, the relationships between you and vendors, the relationships between you and your customer. In fact, if you're not forging personal relationships with your clients, you're probably doing something wrong. Overwhelmingly, business is about people, and people are emotional beings, whether we want to admit it or not. We have a saying in our office: "You don't have awesome companies; you have awesome people." If more entrepreneurs and business owners would stop denying the personal, emotional, human side of business, and embrace it, their businesses would thrive.
#business IS #personal and should be embraced for more transparent & honest communication. @TheCharfens
How does embracing the personal aspects of a business make it grow? For one, it increases morale.  It is now a generally accepted fact that people don't just want a paycheck, they want to have their contributions matter. They want to be a part of something. This isn't a business desire; it's a personal, emotional desire. By acknowledging that business is personal, you're also acknowledging that the people who choose to work with you form a team who offer mutual support to each other, rather than just workers filling a role. Your team members want to matter, so let them know that they do matter, and matter beyond the role they fill. If you subscribe to the cliché, "It's just business," you're effectively ignoring the emotional and human impact business decisions can have on someone. You're ignoring their humanity and the incredible opportunity we have as entrepreneurs to use our companies as incubators to help people grow.
So what can you do to acknowledge that yes, business is personal and yes, business can have a profound effect on people's emotions and lives and still move the business forward?
The first step is transparency.
Transparency is terrifying for most leaders because somewhere along the way--in a company we worked with, in a class we had in college, by observing other leaders--we learned that it is best to keep most things to ourselves. Yet life and business are both so much easier when you just let everyone know what is going on.
Through transparency you will quickly find:
• When your team knows what is going on, they are more willing to help.
• You will gain trust the more transparent you are.
• When you are not transparent and holding back, everyone knows.
• It is easier to tell people the truth since what they can imagine is probably worse.
Acknowledge that tough decisions may sometimes affect team members adversely. Work with those team members and offer them support. Remember, the greatest investment you make in any business is the investment you make in your people. By nurturing their growth and being transparent when it comes the personal and emotional impact of decisions, you're treating them with the respect you'd want to be treated with.
Recently, we had an outstanding team member whose role became obsolete. We'll call him Adam. Adam was a trusted team member for years.  In his role he got us through some tough situations.  It was a highly specialized role that we simply didn't have the need for anymore. We looked at placing him in another department, but realized pretty quickly that nothing we had to offer would really play to his strengths and allow him to grow. Rather than shrugging the decision off as "just business," we sat down with him, transparently, and explained the situation, how disappointed we were, and told him we'd do everything in our power to help him move on, including a months-long transition period in which he'd work for us while searching for a new role elsewhere. We talked about it as a company, and the outpouring of support was overwhelming. Every team member offered support and assistance, we used our contacts as owners to find as many opportunities as we could for him, and within a couple of weeks he had several great offers, one of which he accepted. Instead of quietly dismissing him and telling our team that he had "chosen to pursue other opportunities" we rallied around Adam and created a win.
Another way to embrace the personal side of business is through this model we live by and we have posted in our office:
RESPONSIBILITY
---------------------
BLAME
Putting responsibility over blame and acknowledging when there is an issue is the fastest way to move towards correcting the real challenge, especially  when it concerns clients or vendors. Remember, there are people on the other side, and when you blame, you're attacking the person, not the problem. If you take responsibility, own that there's a challenge and commit to correcting mistakes and moving forward, you're not only acknowledging and respecting the emotions of others involved, but you're putting yourself in a position to move forward much quicker.
Make it Personal and Create Clients for Life
One of our clients who we trust for market information, feedback on how we are doing, and market analysis is Joe Pryor.  Joe runs a dynamic real estate firm in Oklahoma, The Virtual Real Estate Team .
Our relationship with Joe had not so impressive beginnings.  In 2009, one of our companies grew from 2 people to 20 and from $500,000 to over $7 million in a single year. We were having a tough time just keeping the doors on. One morning Alex received a Google alert that 45 minutes earlier someone had published an article on a well-known industry site about our product.  The title was "Don't Rush Out and Buy the CDPE Designation" (our product) and described how we had missed on a commitment--and Joe had called in and no one had called him back.
If you are a business owner and you are reading this you know just how damaging an article like this can be. Instead of dismissing the article and doing something else or lamenting how terrible it was or calling a firm to try to move it down in search engine rankings ...
Alex picked up the phone and called Joe Pryor, the author. He remembers the call vividly, the phone rang a couple times and Joe answered.
"Hi this is Alex Charfen, I want to thank you for letting us know what was going on through the article you posted."
There was a long pause followed by "Wow, that was... fast."
Once he got over the shock of the call, Alex let Joe describe what had happened and how he felt, and quite honestly he had a point.  When he was done, Alex took full responsibility and apologized, explaining to him what we had going on, how fast we were growing and the issues the growth was causing.  He painted the vision for him that we have of how we treat our members and apologized for missing, saying there was no excuse for what had happened.  He thanked him for letting us know about the issue, rather than just walking away without giving us the chance to correct it and make things right with him.  We then offered him a full refund.
Here is where the magic of making it personal really revealed itself.
Once Joe understood what we were doing, what our mission was and how much it meant to us, he made it personal for him.  Not only did he refuse a refund, Joe did and still does refer a ton of people to us; he is one of our most vested customers we have, and when he and his wife Charlene (one of our clients as well) got married last year, I had the opportunity to congratulate them!
While there are pragmatic, business-centric reasons for acknowledging the personal side of business--increased morale, increased productivity, team alignment, quicker resolution to challenges--all of which affect your bottom-line, perhaps the bigger rewards are intangible. By recognizing the personal side of the business and acknowledging the people you work with day in and day out, you're giving the team a strong purpose and giving them a better chance for growth.
Make business more personal and you will be surprised at what you can accomplish.
Alex & Cadey Charfen are the co-founders of the Charfen Institute.
Follow Alex and Cadey Charfen on Twitter: www.twitter.com/thecharfens
More:

Solid Economic Data Lift Hopes for Aug. Job ReportAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

USL Shares Slump Over 6% After Board Orders Probe Into LoansYou are here: Home Corporates
United Spirits Board Orders Probe Into Loans to UB Group Companies
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 05, 2014 14:58 (IST)
Jack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
New Delhi: The board of United Spirits Ltd , now controlled by Diageo, has ordered a probe into the loans given by United Spirits to UB Group companies as it posted net loss of a whopping Rs 4,488.77 crore for the financial year ended March 31, 2014. Shares fell over 6.8 per cent to Rs 2,226.00 apiece during Friday's session.
Shares in
The company had reported net loss of Rs 105.03 crore in the fiscal ended March 31, 2013.
USL made provisions of Rs 1,012.75 crore in year ended March 31, 2014 on the account of 'doubtful loans' and exceptional item of Rs 3,235.73 crore on sales of Scottish subsidiary Whyte and Mackay.
While ordering the probe for a "detailed and expeditious enquiry on doubtful loans", the company said "the Board has directed the Managing Director to engage independent advisors and specialists as required for the enquiry".
"Certain pre-existing loans/deposits/advances due to the company and its wholly owned subsidiaries from United Breweries (Holdings) Ltd which were in existence as on March 31, 2013, has been taken into consider atom in the consolidated annual accounts of the company drawn up as of that date."
"Pursuant to a previous resolution passed by the Board on October 11, 2012, such dues (together with interest) aggregating to Rs 1337.40 crore were consolidated into, and recorded as, an unsecured loan by way of an agreement between the company and UBHL," the company said.
For the quarter ended March 31, 2014, the company reported standalone net sales of Rs 1,916.95 as against Rs 1,866.18 crore in the corresponding period a year ago.
For the quarter ended March 31, 2014, USL's standalone net loss stood at Rs 5380.10 crore as against net profit of Rs 56.02 crore.
The probe comes after UB group chairman Vijay Mallya was declared a 'wilful defaulter' by state-owned United Bank of India.
However, Mr Mallya disagreed with the action of the lender and said he would pursue legal action.
"We were not given a hearing, we have not appeared before them, we disagree with their action and we shall pursue legal action," Mr Mallya told reporters after the annual general meeting (AGM) of United Breweries on Thursday.
Diageo Plc, the world's largest spirits maker, announced on November 9, 2012 that it will acquire a 53.4 per cent stake in United Spirits for Rs 11,166.5 crore in a multi-structured deal.
As of 2:55 p.m., shares in United Spirits were trading at Rs 2,249 apiece on the BSE, down 5.91 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 14:30 (IST)

5 big trends shaking up the job market5 big trends shaking up the job market
By Jordan Malter   @jmalt87 September 5, 2014: 12:03 PM ET
 
5 surprising labor market facts
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The job market is not exactly smokin' hot, but it's an improvement over recent years.
Let's zoom out a bit. Here are five important trends in the labor market that you should be thinking about beyond the monthly unemployment figure:
1) More people are on payroll today than any other time in U.S. history
Yes, we lost a lot of jobs during the recession, but we've gained those jobs back. Now there are 139 million people on payroll in the U.S.
The catch? A big driver of that record is simply population growth. There are still over 9 million people unemployed -- people who are looking for work, but can't find a job. That's down from over 15 million in 2009, but the labor market isn't back to full health yet.
2) About a third of the workforce is freelance
This is a hard one to measure. The most recent government data available comes from a 2006 Government Accountability Office report which concluded that about 31% of the workforce was 'contingent', meaning they aren't in permanent or full-time jobs. But both the recession and technological advances have changed that dynamic.
A recent survey commissioned by the Freelancers Union and Elance-oDesk says that 53 million freelancers (including independent contractors, temporary workers and moonlighters) make up 34% of the U.S. workforce.
And the number is expected to grow. Workers under 35 are more likely to freelance and an Intuit study predicts that 'contingent workers will exceed 40 percent of the workforce by 2020.'
Related Video: Freelancer health care off Obamacare grid
3) About 5 million 16-24 year olds aren't working or in school
That's one in seven young people, according to a Social Science Research Council report from late last year. There's even a term for them -- disconnected youth -- and the rate in certain neighborhoods can reach as high as 30%. Unsurprisingly, there are racial correlations to these statistics. For example, about one in four black and latino youth in Philadelphia are not in school or working.
The Brookings Institute has looked at this issue as well, saying the labor market fortunes of youth have "plummeted."
The good news? We're moving in the right direction. The Bureau of Labor Statistics said the July unemployment rate for 16-to-24 year-olds was the lowest since the recession started, at 13.6%.
Related Story: More teens are hearing 'You're hired!'
4) Women make only 82% of what men make
Unfortunately, it's probably not a surprise that women are making less than their male counterparts. It's not simply that women work less or that they are in lower paying jobs. Full-time female workers make less than men in 101 of 112 occupations, according to a report by the Institute for Women's Policy Research .
The gap is wider in many higher paying jobs including Financial managers (70%), Software developers (79%) and CEO's (80%).
5) Baby Boomers are retiring at a rate of 10,000 a day
More than 70 million Baby Boomers will retire before 2030, according to the Social Security Administration . Retirees contribute less to the economy than people who work. But Georgetown University says their absence in the workforce will help create upwards of 30 million job openings by 2020 .
And retirees spend more money on certain things, like health care. That also creates job opportunities. Personal care aides and home health aides are two of the fastest growing jobs in America.
The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics predicts those occupations will grow almost 50% by 2022. The wages are low , but that's more than 1 million new jobs.
First Published: September 4, 2014: 6:50 PM ET
Join the Conversation

5 facts about DOJ civil rights investigationsBy Josh Hicks September 5 Follow @reporter_hicks
Attorney General Eric H. Holder on Thursday formally announced that the Justice Department will investigate the Ferguson, Mo. police department for civil rights violations.
The probe , first revealed in a Washington Post article on Wednesday, will examine whether officers have systematically engaged in racial profiling or a pattern of excessive force.
The Justice Department will also review the St. Louis County Police Department’s handling of mass demonstrations after a white Ferguson police officer fatally shot an unarmed African American man, 18-year-old Michael Ferguson.
Below are five key facts about the Justice Department’s civil rights investigations under Holder, who has served as attorney general since the start of the Obama administration.
Attorney General Eric Holder speaks during a press conference at the Department of Justice on Sept. 4. (Brendan Smialowski/AFP/Getty Images)
1.) DOJ has increased its civil rights investigations
The Holder Justice Department has opened more than 20 civil rights investigations into local police departments in the past five years, doubling the number of reviews that the agency opened during the previous five years.
2.) Some police departments enter voluntary agreements
Police departments can resolve civil rights investigations by entering into voluntary agreements to take remedial actions, such as providing additional training to officers and working to implement best practices.
The Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department was the first law-enforcement agency to participate in what the Justice Department calls a “collaborative reform process.” The program, which started in 2011, is led by former Oakland and East Palo Alto police chief Ronald Davis , who established a reputation as a reformer in both cities.
At least 14 police departments have voluntarily agreed to take remedial actions. Those agencies include the New Orleans Police Department, which was found to have engaged in a patter of excessive force and other problems, and the Puerto Rico Police Department, which was found to have used unreasonable force against demonstrators.
3.) Four police departments are fighting DOJ
Holder’s Justice Department has filed lawsuits against four local law-enforcement agencies that have resisted DOJ demands. The jurisdictions include Alamance, N.C.; Colorado City, Ariz.; Maricopa, Ariz.; and Meridian, Ala.
The most high-profile dispute involves a lawsuit to obtain documents  that could help federal investigators determine whether Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio’s aggressive tactics against illegal immigrants represent civil rights violations.
It is unclear how the Ferguson police department will respond to the Justice Department’s new probe of that agency. The St. Louis County police department, which trains Ferguson officers and Missouri state troopers, voluntarily agreed to a review.
4.) Eight civil rights investigations are still open
The Justice Department says it has issued findings or guidance letters for most of these cases, which involve police departments in Albuquerque, N.M.; Cleveland; Los Angeles County, Calif.; Miami; and Newark, N.J. The Ferguson case falls into this category as well.
5.) DOJ does not always find constitutional violations
The Justice Department says it has concluded five civil rights investigations without finding constitutional violations. Those cases involved police departments in Austin, Texas; Escambia County, Fla.; Harvey, Ill.; Lorain, Ohio; and Schenectady, N.Y.
Josh Hicks covers the federal government and anchors the Federal Eye blog. He reported for newspapers in the Detroit and Seattle suburbs before joining the Post as a contributor to Glenn Kessler’s Fact Checker blog in 2011.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409911225/1409911225000/1409911225 tracking: {authors=Josh Hicks, blog_name=federal-eye, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=five-facts-about-dojs-civil-rights-investigations-under-eric-holder, post_id=22676, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 10:00:25 AM close date: Sep 19, 2014 10:00:25 AM

Chandrababu Naidu wants to transform AP into a "digital state"Apple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

ECBs move is astute  but not the big oneSeptember 5, 2014 8:16 am
An astute move but not the Big One
By Wolfgang Münchau
ECB’s plan to buy private-sector assets is not nearly enough to lift it out of its misery, writes Wolfgang Münchau
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/63384466-344f-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

If Scots keep sterling they forgo independenceSeptember 4, 2014 6:48 pm
If Scots keep the pound they forgo independence
By Martin Wolf
Alternatives to the currency union exist and some might work well
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/995a8b64-3380-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The world retreats from globalisationSeptember 5, 2014 8:49 am
Bear market for gilts the next big move
By Neil Collins
State will issue more paper whether investors want it or not
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b8881e88-34cb-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Frances problems  viewed from a villageBlog guide
Gideon Rachman and colleagues offer commentary on international affairs.
Welcome. If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read FT blogs. However, our posts remain free.
Follow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Microsoft launches Nokia X2 in IndiaNew Delhi, September 5, 2014
Updated: September 5, 2014 17:34 IST
Microsoft launches Nokia X2 in India
PTI
AP Chris Weber, CVP, Mobile Devices Sales of Microsoft presents new products during his keynote speech in Berlin. File photo
TOPICS
Beefing up its budget smartphone portfolio, Microsoft Devices on Friday launched Nokia X2, priced at Rs. 8,699, in India to compete more aggressively with the likes of Samsung as well as home-grown firms like Micromax.
The Nokia X2 was unveiled globally in June as a successor to its Android-centred Nokia X handsets.
Nokia X2 is representative of the evolution of the Nokia X family, delivering an enhanced experience across user interface, hardware and apps, Microsoft said in a statement.
In February this year, Nokia had announced the ‘Nokia X’ family of affordable smartphones, running Google’s Android apps, at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona.
It has four devices -- Nokia X, Nokia X+, Nokia XL and Nokia X2 -- under the Nokia X range. Microsoft also sells Asha and Lumia range of smartphones.
With a 1.2GHz dual-core Snapdragon processor on-board, the dual SIM handset will have a 4.3-inch ClearBlack display, 1GB RAM, 5MP rear and VGA front camera and 1,800 mAh battery.
Besides supporting Microsoft apps like Skype and Outlook, the handset will offer 15GB of free cloud storage on OneDrive.
“The enhancements on the Nokia X2 lead to a richer, faster and easier experience designed to introduce the ‘next billion’ people to the mobile Internet and cloud services,” Nokia India Sales (a subsidiary of Microsoft Mobile Oy) Head Mobile Phones Sari Harju said.
Microsoft Devices operates the handset business acquired from Nokia earlier this year for over $7.2 billion.
The roadmaps ahead for the Nokia X family is, however, not clear.
Microsoft, in July, had said it plans to shift select products from the Android-powered range to Windows platform as it beefs up the affordable Lumia range.
The sub-Rs 10,000 smartphone category is a fiercely competed segment with international as well as homegrown players such as Micromax, Karbonn and Lava vying for a larger chunk of the market.
Microsoft estimates the affordable mobile devices market to be a “$50-billion annual opportunity”.
According to analysts, India is the fastest growing smartphone market globally with over 44 million smartphones sold last year.

Nats Anthony Rendon adds base-stealing to his growing repertoireComments
(Photo by Otto Greule Jr/Getty Images)
In the fall of 2012, Nationals first base coach Tony Tarasco still held the role of minor league outfield coordinator. He roved between affiliates and worked with prospects on baserunning and outfield play. When he visited Class AA Harrisburg, Anthony Rendon would walk past him and repeat, “I’m trying to tell you, I can run.”
Rendon had not attempted a stolen base all season, because the Nationals would not allow it. On the second day of the season, playing for Class A Potomac, Rendon had fractured his left ankle. The injury still affected him when he returned, and the Nationals told him to exercise caution. Even in 2013, he only attempted three steals between the major and minor leagues, and he was successful twice.
“We always pulled him back, told him not to take any chances,” Tarasco said. “We never had an opportunity to see that. He was hurt. His ankle was bothering him. When I got him in instructional league, he was like 50 percent. Over the course of the season, we were always toning him down.
“Even last year, we were still pulling back. What worried me was not him. It was that he hadn’t had an opportunity to excel the way he could, because he wasn’t 100 percent. I was always worried about his decision-making, because he hadn’t had the practice. But he’s shown that he has it.”
This season, Rendon has proven baserunning is just another thing he does exceedingly well. Rendon has been one of the most efficient base-stealers in the majors, swiping 15 bases while getting caught only once. Among players with at least 10 steals, Rendon ranks third in stolen base percentage behind Andrew McCutchen and Michael Brantley, who have both been caught once in 18 attempts.
“I led my team in college,” Rendon said. “I could always steal bags. I think the help of Tony, the guys around me pushing me, I’ve grown smarter about the game, too.”
Rendon shrugged when asked why his steals have skyrocketed this season. “Your answer is as good as mine,” he said. “I just go with the flow. I just play the game.”
But there are a few reasons. First, the Nationals have been practitioners of good, smart base stealing. They have stolen bases at an 85 percent success rate, the best in the majors and one of the best rates of all time. No one in the majors has stolen more than Jayson Werth’s nine bases without getting caught.
When Rendon arrived at spring training, he worked on jumps before practices. During the year, he often takes the field before practice to do drills with Tarasco and Denard Span. Tarasco said it feels like Rendon has more than 15 steals, because he steals bases when the Nationals truly need it.
“He’s got overall great feel for the game,” Tarasco said. “It comes really easy to him, that feel for the game. He sees things well. He takes information, and he applies it. Ultimately, his gut feel for when to run, when not to run, when we need it, it’s excellent.”
Rendon’s steals are only part of his baserunning acumen. According to FanGraphs.com, Rendon’s baserunning has been worth 7.7 runs more than an average player’s, which ranks fourth in the majors – only Ben Revere, Ian Kinsler and Dee Gordon rate better. Rendon has taken extra bases – first to third on a single, for example – on 54 percent of his chances. The league average is 40 percent.
“It’s not just his base-stealing,” Tarasco said. “He’s a very good baserunner. His awareness and his quickness – he might not beat you in a 60-yard dash, but he can definitely get to second base and go first-to-third and first-to-home. He makes great turns. He has a natural, instinctive feel for the game, where a ball is going to go.”
So Tarasco knows now: Rendon can run.
“He used to always say he had it, and I always gave him mess about it,” Tarasco said. “He’s proven himself to be a fantastic baserunner.”
FROM THE POST

Texas businesses embrace Bitcoin ATMsBitcoin
Texas businesses embrace Bitcoin ATMs
While some states mull over how to manage the burgeoning cryptocurrency market, the Texas Department of Banking says bitcoin is property rather than currency and therefore not subject to the regulations for currency exchanges.
While some states mull over how to manage the burgeoning cryptocurrency market, the Texas Department of Banking says bitcoin is property rather than currency and therefore not subject to the regulations for currency exchanges.

Primary market warms up to acche dinSamie Modak |  Mumbai Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 12:57 AM IST
Markets prepare themselves for slew of IPOs
Buoyed by the success of secondary  market, IPO market set to see high action
With the market rising and investor sentiment improving, India’s primary market is warming up for action, after a hiatus of about two years. Buoyed by the success of the Rs 200-crore initial public offering (IPO) of Snowman Logistics, which saw bids worth about Rs 12,000 crore, at least three more IPOs are set to hit the market.
On Friday, agrochemical company Sharda Cropchem launched a Rs 350-crore offering. Next in line are media firm Shemaroo Entertainment, which plans to raise about Rs 150 crore, and apparel retailer Monte Carlo Fashion’s Rs 500-crore IPO.
Adlabs Entertainment and Lavasa Corporation are seeking regulatory nods to launch such offerings.
If the Sharda Cropchem, Shemaroo and Monte Carlo IPOs go through, September will be the best month for the IPO market since December 2012, in terms of the number of offerings. Since 2013, only five IPOs have hit the market, indication the slowdown the primary market has seen.
“Discussions with companies have increased substantially and we think there are many quality issues in the pipeline. We feel there will be more filings with Sebi (Securities and Exchange Board of India) through the next few months,” said Sanjay Sharma, managing director and head (equity capital markets), Deutsche Equities India.
“In the past two to three years, there wasn’t much activity in the equity market. So, people had stopped work on IPOs. Now that the markets have opened up, you will find more such offerings; you will start seeing more IPOs hitting the market after September,” said Indraneil Borkakoty, managing director, IDFC Investment Banking.
It is expected share sale activity by the government will also gather steam soon.
Sources say the Centre has already started road shows for disinvestment in Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) and Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC).
SAIL’s offer for sale (OFS) of about Rs 2,000 crore is likely to be first off the block, followed by ONGC’s mega share sale of about Rs 15,000 crore.
Investment bankers are confident the new paper supply, be it through IPOs or OFSs, will be lapped up by investors. The optimism stems from the recent success of share sales in listed companies, as well as the availability of liquidity. This year, about Rs 60,000 crore has already been raised through qualified institutional placements, OFS and block trades. Foreign investors have pumped in about $13 billion into the stock market this year, while mutual funds have invested about Rs 12,000 crore since July. Equity mutual fund schemes, after recording inflows of about Rs 20,000 crore in the last three months, are waiting to deploy funds in new paper in the market.
Experts say investor preference is shifting from the debt market to equities, adding this will help the primary market offerings, as prices of listed companies have already run up substantially. The shift can be attributed to tax changes in the case of debt mutual funds, as well as the success of the equity market. India’s benchmark indices—the Sensex and the Nifty—have soared about 30 per cent so far this year and are close to their all-time highs.
 Advertisements

US jobs growth slows in August to 142 000Any questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Infosys Foundation commits Rs 30 crore to Chennai Mathematical InstituteApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Guv Raghuram Rajan s RBI to hold rates on Sept 30; may cut in Feb: BofA-MLApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

LIC tops list of Million Dollar Round Table in 2014BS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 12:31 AM IST
LIC tops Million Dollar Round Table list
MDRT is premier association for financial services professionals like insurance agents; LIC leads the chart with 6730 MDRT members
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has topped the company ranking list of the Million Dollar Round Table (MDRT) in 2014.
The ranking has 6,730 MDRT members.
Founded in 1927, MDRT claims to be a “an independent association of more than 42,000 of the world’s leading life insurance and financial services professionals from more than 470 companies in 71 countries”.
Apart from the basic membership, MDRT has two levels — court of table (COT) and top of table (TOT). MDRT’s Top of the Table is an exclusive forum for the world’s most successful life insurance and financial services professionals.
It has now been decided by LIC to encourage more agents to join this esteemed group. The aim is to achieve 13,000 members this calendar year.
To become a member of MDRT in 2014, an agent is required to do annually. Agents are required to have a minimum commission of Rs 8.36 lakh annually in 2013 and Rs 25.08 lakh for COT. Court of the Table members must earn three times the MDRT base production requirement and are eligible to attend a special session at the MDRT annual meeting to celebrate and network. Top of the Table, MDRT's highest level of membership, comprises those members who submit six times the MDRT production requirement.
MDRT members get access to meetings, networking opportunities and international training and development. Through its many professional development programs, services and products, MDRT provides opportunities for members to gain insights into all aspects of expanding their business, leading to even greater success. Its membership is regarded as the standard of excellence in the insurance and financial services industry.
 Advertisements

Nato states to form group to fight IsisLast updated: September 5, 2014 1:56 pm
Obama leads coalition in fight against Isis
By Sam Jones in Newport
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2f4e5522-34e6-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Isis Wallet retreats on brandingSeptember 5, 2014 2:17 pm
Isis Wallet rethinks strategy in the battle for brand recognition
By Henry Mance
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cb56f1c8-344f-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Government Expanding List of Foreign Firms to Buy Crude: ReportWill All Coal Licenses be Cancelled? Verdict by September 26
New Delhi: In a bid to widen supply sources, the government is expanding the list of foreign firms that can sell crude oil to state-run oil companies, by including global giants like Italy's Eni.
Besides national oil companies of oil producing nations, the government had on May 21, 2001 permitted state refiners to buy crude oil from top 10 foreign firms. Of this list, a few firms have subsequently merged and some are no longer major players in global oil production and supply business.
The Oil Ministry has now decided to revise the list of multinational companies with whom the PSU oil companies can enter into term contracts for supply of crude oil, official sources said.
Currently, refiners like Indian Oil Corp are allowed to buy crude oil from 10 MNCs - Exxon (which has merged with Mobil), Shell, BP, Elf (merged with Total Fina), Texaco (merged with Chevron), South Korea's SK, Chevron, USX of the US, Spain's Repsol and Nippon Mitsubishi of Japan.
In the new list now being prepared, suppliers from South Korea, Spain and Japan as well as USX have been dropped while Eni, Valero Energy, Russia's Lukoil, Conoco Phillips, Occidental and Marathon have been added.
The new list comprises of 13 MNCs, the sources said.
Oil refiners buy crude oil from suppliers in Middle East and elsewhere on term or fixed quantity contracts as well as through spot tenders. Term quantities are fixed at the beginning of the year and contracts entered into.
For 2014-15, state refiners IOC, Bharat Petroleum Corp (BPCL), Hindustan Petroleum Corp (HPCL) and Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd (MRPL) require 125.12 million tonnes of crude oil, they said.
Of this, 25.52 million tonnes will be sourced from domestic fields and the remaining 99.60 million tonnes will be imported.
Of the imports, 80.51 million tonnes will be done on term contract and the remaining 19.09 million tonnes on spot tender basis.
IOC plans to buy 44.40 million tonnes on term and another 10.30 million tonnes on spot tender basis. BPCL will import 13.48 million tonnes on term basis, HPCL 10.90 million tonnes and MRPL 11.73 million tonnes.
State refiners together account for about 56 per cent of the nation's refining capacity.
Sources said the term contracts will be on the basis of official selling price of that country.
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 16:08 (IST)

Investment Will be in Jeopardy if Coal Blocks deallocated: Naveen JindalBharti Airtel Gains on Possible Rejig in Rural Telecom Fund
New Delhi:
Jindal Steel and Power Chairman Naveen Jindal today said that about Rs 4 lakh crore investment made to develop coal mines would be in jeopardy if the blocks be deallocated.
"The total investment that has gone to develop these blocks is around 4 lakh crore rupees out of which 2.5 lakh crore is the bank loan," Mr Jindal said at a summit on Mining and Metal here.
Mr Jindal was reacting to a question on Supreme Court's recent observation terming all coal mines allocated between 1993 and 2010 as "illegal".
Supporting previous governments' mine allocation policy, he said India is the only country in the world which seeks not only royalty, but also an assurance for using the produce in their end-use projects. In other countries, the government, being the owner of the mines, charge only royalty.
"If we term the government's coal allocation policy as faulty and illegal, then the effort put in by the investors to revive the discarded mines of Coal India, the entire Rs 4 lakh crore investment would be in jeopardy," he said.
The Supreme Court had on August 25 held that allocation of 218 blocks in pre-auction era were done in an illegal manner by an "ad-hoc and casual" approach "without application of mind" and "common good and public interest have, thus, suffered heavily" due to lack of fair and transparent procedure resulting in "unfair distribution" of the "national wealth".
Highlighting the challenges faced by companies seeking to invest in setting up steel plants, he said though India used to produce more than China at one point, China's production has now gone up by 10 times that of India's
Story first published on: September 04, 2014 18:51 (IST)

Stocks Slide on Job Numbers Disappointment
Special Report: Watches & JewelleryThirty years after setting up a studio in east London, jeweller remains true to his artisan roots
Sep 5, 2014
Auctioneer’s new website is ‘step closer’ to a shop
Sep 5, 2014
Family aims to hold on to brand tradition
Sep 5, 2014
British watchmaker offers chronometer-certified, self-winding movement for a modest price
Sep 5, 2014
Bumpy launch for ‘in-house’ model the Wright Flyer
Sep 5, 2014
Brand opens Geneva home of ‘creative independence’
Sep 5, 2014
Social enterprise turns guns into luxury watches
Sep 5, 2014
Long life, happiness – and perpetual calendars with 328-part movements
Sep 5, 2014
Gemfields rough stone auction generates $33.5m
Sep 5, 2014
Global price push as Rio Tinto’s Argyle mine winds down
Sep 5, 2014
Pierre Bouissou says ecommerce is on the jewellers’ agenda
Sep 5, 2014
Modernist designs from the mid 20th-century are the new saleroom stars
Sep 5, 2014
Comeback for Queen Victoria’s favourite stone
Sep 5, 2014

Designed for FT readers  Antenna finds the best of the web. Click here to see.FT Antenna brings you a selection of stories from across the web. More info.
Today's Top Stories
@ezraklein tweeted 8 hours ago
About Antenna
Antenna is an experiment by the FT. It is powered by tweets from accounts we trust. Only links to websites carefully selected by us can appear.
Who's it for?
It's for FT readers who don't have the time to be on Twitter all day, but who want to be tipped off about a variety of interesting stories from across the web.
How does it work?
FT Antenna updates throughout the day. It uses London time to define "Today", "Yesterday", and "This Week".
But how does it work?
The main scoring mechanism reflects the number of retweets, but there’s some scaling so that Twitter accounts with relatively few followers aren’t penalised.
What next?
If you like what you see and think it's useful, then tell your friends, family and colleagues. (And tell us. We'd love to hear from you!)

Mobile Payments Will Be the Defining Feature of the iPhone 6Out with last year's model
Photo by Mary Turner/Getty Images
This article originally appeared in Business Insider.
Mobile payments is an idea that sounds much better than it is in practice. At least for right now.
Advertisement
Despite the efforts of PayPal, Square, and even Google Wallet, few people have actually replaced their wallets with their smartphones, which was the original idea behind mobile payments: Since most financial transactions are electronic these days (sorry cash), we should be able to make our wallets and our phones into one single product.
Apple’s alleged mobile payments system , which was actually patented years ago as the “iWallet,” describes how users could control their financial accounts and transactions on their phones, but also be able to pay for goods directly with those devices as well, thanks to a near-field communications (NFC) chip. 
PatentlyApple
Services like Google Wallet use NFC, though barcodes and QR codes are still more popular among mobile payments users at the moment.
Compared to other services, Apple's mobile payments platform, made secure by its proven Touch ID fingerprint scanner, iPhone users could see their credit card profiles, messages from their banks, and even schedule payments directly from their phones. 
Apple already stores a great deal of financial data in iTunes, but by giving users control over their finances in a simple app, they can learn more about their spending habits, ore even set spending limits on their children's’ devices, which would disallow kids from charging millions of dollars worth of in-app purchases .
Apple must have found a great solution, because it’s finally convinced all of the major credit card companies to work together on the service , according to Re/code. 
While the iPhone would reportedly anchor Apple’s forthcoming mobile payments service, the company’s unannounced wearable device is also expected to play a role in this service, since the wrist device will have tight integration with the iPhone. This could allow “iWatch” customers to leave their iPhones in their pockets as they pay with their wrists. 
It’s unclear if and how this service will become an extra revenue stream for Apple, but if people can actually—finally—substitute all of the items in their wallets with valid digital substitutes, it should give consumers one more reason to buy an Apple device this season.
People might be happier about having a bit more visual real estate to use their apps, but killing the credit/debit card once and for all with a simple and more efficient solution—if that's what actually happens on Sept. 9 —would be a much bigger deal.

Kiev agrees ceasefire with rebel fighters© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9a53569c-34cd-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

McCaskill: I gave Kansas Democrat Taylor the best advice I couldBy Sean Sullivan September 5 Follow @WaPoSean
Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.) said Friday that she offered Kansas Democrat Chad Taylor the "best advice" she could but stopped short of saying she explicitly asked him to end his campaign for U.S. Senate.
"He was wrestling with a really hard decision," McCaskill said on MSNBC's "Morning Joe." "He was facing a campaign without a lot of resources and he wanted to run but he had, you know, questions about it."
Taylor ended his campaign  Wednesday, clearing the way for Greg Orman, an independent, to have a clear shot at Sen. Pat Roberts (R), who polls show is vulnerable.
McCaskill said she had a "free-ranging" chat with Taylor in the days leading up to his decision.
"I told him that he needed to think about what the outcomes could be either way and kind of think those through. And he decided to not pursue it," she said.
Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach (R) said Thursday that while Taylor may have ended his campaign, he cannot be removed from the ballot because he did not indicate that he is incapable of serving, as required by state law. Taylor said he did everything that was asked of him and plans to challenge the ruling.
Kobach is a member of Roberts’s honorary campaign committee. But he insisted he was not playing politics.
McCaskill disagreed, accusing Kobach of  "putting his finger on the scales."
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409928237/1409928237000/1409928237 tracking: {authors=Sean Sullivan, blog_name=post-politics, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=mccaskill-i-gave-kansas-democrat-taylor-the-best-advice-i-could, post_id=96585, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 2:43:57 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 2:43:57 PM

L&T wins Rs 5100 cr order to build power plants in MP. Has the infra push truly begunChief of Bureau, CNBC-TV18 Mumbai
2353
Financial Markets Anchor & Research Analyst
12548
Head - Research
2546
After United Bank, now SBI declares KFA a willful defaulter. Is it too late for banks to recover their dues?
Yes

Laura Ashley shares bloom as profits riseSeptember 5, 2014 2:29 pm
Laura Ashley shares bloom as profits rise
By Claer Barrett
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5388db5a-34ce-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

What to expect from Keenan RobinsonWhat to expect from Keenan Robinson as Redskins’ new ‘Mike’ linebacker
By Mark Bullock
Comments
With the Redskins’ opening game against the Texans just around the corner, most of the focus has been on how the Redskins will cope with the duo of J.J. Watt and Jadeveon Clowney . But Washington will also have to deal with the formidable Arian Foster heading a historically strong Texans rushing attack that’s flanked with Andre Johnson and DeAndre Hopkins at wide receiver. The Redskins have a new signal caller at the heart of their defense, with Keenan Robinson taking over at the Mike linebacker position from the retired London Fletcher. Fletcher’s play had regressed over the past few seasons, but he was always a strong leader and made important adjustment calls to get everyone lined up correctly.
How Robinson steps up to that challenge remains to be seen. But his performance on the field this preseason has been promising. He displayed good play-recognition skills, and had the athleticism that Washington has lacked at the linebacker position for years.
Here, the Ravens are running a reverse, faking the hand off on a run to the left before handing off to wide receiver Jacoby Jones.
As quarterback Joe Flacco fakes the initial hand off, Robinson works his way up to the line of scrimmage. Robinson keeps his eyes in the backfield to locate the ball.
As Jones receives the ball, Robinson makes his way back across the field, avoiding traffic, while Ryan Kerrigan forces Jones to adjust his path to the edge.
Robinson has the closing speed to show Jones to the sideline, who steps out of bounds for a five-yard loss. In previous years, London Fletcher might have diagnosed the play, but not had the speed to get over in time to make the play. Robinson got there with time to spare and Jones wasn’t able to turn the corner and get up the field.
Another thing the Redskins have lacked is solid tackling. They’ve been among the worst in the NFL with missed tackles over the past few years. In preseason, Robinson showed he can wrap up and make form tackles, even in key situations.
The Ravens faced a fourth and one. They run the ball to the left.
Robinson identifies the play quickly and begins to make his move towards the ball-carrier.
The runner attempts to bounce the run outside, but Robinson comes flying in at full speed and wraps his arms around him.
Robinson shows good form as he brings the runner to the ground for a loss. Baltimore wanted to make a statement run on fourth and one and ended up losing a yard on the play thanks to an excellent read and tackle from Robinson.
Robinson’s athleticism also helps him in coverage. Receiving tight ends have caused Jim Haslett’s defense nightmares, but Robinson’s ability in coverage should help.
Here, the Ravens face third and seven. They have wide receiver Jacoby Jones running an underneath crossing route.
Robinson drops back into coverage, but spots Jones cutting underneath on his crossing pattern. Robinson breaks on the route.
Robinson runs impressively step for step with Jones and takes away the checkdown option for Flacco, who is sacked moments later by Jason Hatcher.
All of these plays are encouraging signs for Robinson. His development is key to the Redskins defense. If they are to beat the Texans and indeed go on to have a successful season, Robinson will have to continue to play at this level.
Mark Bullock  is The Insider’s  Outsider , sharing his impressions of the Redskins without the benefit of access to the team. For his previous work, click here .
More from The Post:

Elon Musk Makes Stunning Admissionreddit
You don't often hear these words from a CEO.
Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk publicly admitted Thursday that his company's stock may be overvalued. "I do think people sometimes get carried away with our stock," Musk said in Carson City, Nevada , at a press conference, according to CNBC. "I think our stock price is kind of high right now, to be totally honest."
Tesla's stock, which was valued at about $279 a share on Friday morning, is up from around $30 a share in September 2012 . It hit an all time high on Tuesday after receiving praise from an influential analyst and striking a deal to expand in China .
Predictably, the company's stock dropped on Friday after Musk's overly candid remarks.
Tesla Motors' share price has shot up over the past two years.
The company recently made a deal with the state of Nevada to build a $5 billion "Gigafactory" to mass produce the lithium battery packs its cars need to run. Tesla hopes the 10-million-square-foot factory will allow it to produce a new car, called the Model 3 , that will cost just $35,000 and drive 200 miles on a single charge. The $70,000 sticker price for the only Tesla currently on sale, the Model S , is prohibitively expensive for most consumers.
Despite his moment of modesty, Musk remained optimistic about his long game. "If you care about the long-term Tesla, I think the stock is a good price. If you look at the short term, it is less clear," he said.
More:

Slow governance responsible for decline in growth: RBI Guv Raghuram RajanApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Indian co to begin Australia s coal develop...You are here: Home > Collections
'Indian conglomerate to begin Australia's largest ever coal development'
PTI Sep 5, 2014, 09.06PM IST
Tags:
Adani Enterprises
(Abott said, "Top-quality…)
NEW DELHI: Keen on expanding business, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abott today said an Indian conglomerate is all set to embark on Australia's largest ever coal development to illuminate lives of 100 million Indians.
"If all goes to plan, next year, an Indian company will begin Australia's largest ever coal development which will light the lives of 100 million Indians for the next half century," Abott said addressing Indian industry leaders during a luncheon meeting organised by industry chambers including CII and Ficci.
He, however, did not mention the name. It may noted that the Australian government in July had cleared the proposed $ 15 billion Carmichael coal mine project of the Indian conglomerate Adani Mining in the Galilee Basin in central Queensland.
The approval to the project that is expected to provide electricity for up to 100 million people in India was announced by Australian Environment Minister Greg Hunt, who had approved the Carmichael Coal Mine and Rail Infrastructure project subject to 36 strict conditions.
Abott, who is on a two-day official visit here said, "Top-quality Australian coal, for instance, will be available to power Indian households and businesses at the lowest price to consumers."
Abott said "Australia is open for business" adding, " over the past half century, Australian coal, iron ore and gas has powered the economic transformations of Japan, Korea and China".
Abott exuded confidence that the trade relations will be strengthened between both the countries and enunciated the measures by Australia to boost investments like scrapping of carbon and mining taxes.
Adani Group Chairman Gautam Adani was also present on the occasion.
The move by Australian Parliament in July to repeal the carbon tax in the country is likely to help coal exporting companies in delivering cost effective and high quality fuel to Indian markets, according to Adani Mining, a wholly owned subsidiary of India's Adani Group.
The repealing of the carbon tax in Australia will lower costs for Indian firms such as Adani and GVK exporting from the country, Adani Mining had said.
Last month, Adani Mining had won state approval to build a 300-km rail line for its Carmichael project that will enable transportation of 100 million tonnes of coal a year after construction.
It is estimated the rail line will take about two years to build and will pump in up to $ 790 million into the Mackay region and over $ 900 million into the state economy during its construction phase.
Adani Enterprises recently also inked a pact to buy out Linc Energy's royalty rights from the Carmichael coal project for AUD 155 million.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Diner en Blanc in D.C.: Where diversity meets opulence meets InstagramCaption
A fine-dining flash mob descends en masse upon the city’s Yards Park.  
  Guests dressed in all white arrive at the Navy Yard Metro station as they make their way to Diner en Blanc, held at the Yards Park. The exclusive impromptu picnic requires all attendees to adhere to the all-blanc attire and decor. Kate Patterson/For The Washington Post
View Photo Gallery —More than 1,500 Washingtonians clad in white converged on Yards Park in Southeast Washington for an exclusive all-white-everything pop-up picnic. Diner en Blanc, an event sponsored by Moet Ice Imperial, was in the city on Sept. 4 for its latest stop in the monochromatic, worldwide tour. Powdered wigs, white tutus and suits were the theme of the evening.
Diner en Blanc didn't start out this way. The first event took place more than 25 years ago in Paris, when François Pasquier ran out of space to host a dinner party, so he told his guests to arrive at the Bois de Boulogne for a picnic, wearing all white so they could easily identify each other. Since then, the events have expanded and traveled to more than 40 cities across the globe, from Singapore to Cincinnati (Really? Cincinnati beat us to this?). Some of the dinners have as many as 13,000 guests. A simultaneous Diner en Blanc was held Thursday night in Calgary, Canada.
Attendance is not cheap. Lewis estimates that she spent $400 on food, supplies and attire for herself and her boyfriend, Maurice Taylor -- "which was too much," interjected Taylor.
"It was well worth it," Lewis said.
A diner pours wine over an elaborate white table arrangement. (Kate Patterson for The Washington Post)
Of all the rules, the all-white attire was the one that participants took most seriously. Cue the adage about wearing white after Labor Day, which has become a cliche in Diner en Blanc write-ups.
"It was the only white dress I could find," said Leslie Chauncey, who was wearing a wedding dress she bought specifically for the occasion (it was on sale). Other attendees dressed in angel wings, bunny ears, and silver wigs. Jacqueline Battistini took the Metro in her Marie Antoinette-inspired costume, complete with powdered bouffant wig, with her friend Heidi Minora, in a cream sheath dress and fascinator.
Jacqueline Battistini wears a Marie Antoinette wig to Diner en Blanc at The Yards Park on Thursday night. (Kate Patterson for The Washington Post)
"I was like, we're going to get photographed. We need to bring it as much as possible," Minora said.
"There have been a lot of selfies," said Battistini, who spent the evening getting swarmed by people who wanted a photo with her.
"At a certain point she was like, 'I know how celebrities feel,' " Minora said. "No!" said Battistini, bashfully.
Co-host Bryer Davis said that photography wasn't a consideration when she and the local steering committee selected Yards Park as the first D.C. location for the dinner. She had hoped to have it on the Mall, but because alcohol is prohibited there, it was impossible.
"With 1,500 people dressed in white, with lit up tables and sparklers, that is a photo op itself," Davis said. "We did not pick a location based on photo ops."
Guests dressed all in white arrive at the Diner en Blanc held at The Yards Park in Southwest. (Kate Patterson for The Washington Post)
But several of them were built into the schedule. Arriving guests marched across the park’s futuristic bridge -- conveniently also white, and perfect for framing photos once the sun went down. After they set up their tables and chairs in rows, guests signaled the start of the dinner by waving their napkins around their heads like a lasso. Other photo ops were available throughout the site, such as a pair of white Vespas that guests could pose on, and a photo booth bearing a step-and-repeat of the sponsors’ names -- the line exceeding 40 people at some points throughout the night.
"It's where diversity meets opulence meets Instagram," said Jennifer Sweeney, attending with a group of four women who noted the crowd’s mix of ages and races. Tweets about " all of the white people! " this time, referred to attire.
After grazing on dishes ranging from homemade pasta salads to elaborate seafood platters (cocktail sauce, gazpacho and red wine were for the brave -- or at least for those equipped with Tide to Go), group leaders signaled to the diners to light their sparklers to the swell of Ellie Goulding’s "Burn." Both hands went in the air -- one for the pyrotechnics, the other for the cell phone.
Guests light sparklers at Diner en Blanc. (Kate Patterson for The Washington Post)
The moment was lovely. And it was not any less lovely when viewed through a digital screen. It wasn’t just about making people who weren't invited jealous, though it certainly succeeded on that front. It was a way to harness the ephemerality of that one sticky night in early September when you and your friends had to carry a table and chairs up a broken Metro escalator, and you took off your six-inch heels to dance barefoot by the water after they sunk into the grass one too many times. Because if you're going to pay $40 for an event where you bring your own table, chairs, plates, food and beverages, how can you get your money's worth other than a great selfie?
Not everyone viewed the night through a lens, though. In the corner of a VIP Lounge, artist Andy Greenlee was commissioned to quietly capture the scene the analog way -- with an easel and Impressionistic brushstrokes of paint.
Maura Judkis covers culture, food, and the arts for the Weekend section and Going Out Guide.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=goingoutguide, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409931771/1409931771000/1409931771 tracking: {authors=Maura Judkis, blog_name=going-out-guide, content_category=Goingoutguide, in_url_headline=diner-en-blanc-in-d-c-where-diversity-meets-opulence-meets-instagram, post_id=36488, section={section=goingoutguide, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 3:42:51 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 3:42:51 PM

California Wants to Be an Olive Oil KingMade in America.
Photo by Dave Fayram via Flickr
First California came for Europe's dominance in wine . Now the state has its eye on olive oil. According to a recent piece in the Los Angeles Times, California growers and producers are in hot pursuit of the $5.4 billion olive oil market and are seeking new regulations that would help them compete with European importers. If new rules were approved, they could eliminate deliberately vague descriptors such as "light" and "pure" and require testing oil for purity and quality. ("Light," for example, does not indicate an oil with fewer calories, but rather one that contains low-quality oil refined through chemical processing.) Californians are betting that their olive oil is better than most of the stuff made in Europe, and think new rules and testing will demonstrate that.
While California oil makers currently account for less than 1 percent of global production and only slightly more of U.S. consumption, that share is growing. Since 2007, U.S. olive oil production has increased tenfold to 10,000 metric tons . To put that in perspective, Americans consumed 293,000 metric tons of olive oil in 2013, most of which came from European countries such as Spain and Italy. The dream for California producers is to create a better, higher-quality oil than their European competitors—and in doing so, convert their fellow Americans to choosing California olive oil first. New labeling standards could help make that dream a reality. They could also help attune Americans to the still-surprising fact that most extra-virgin olive oil made in Italy is neither extra-virgin nor made in Italy .
Advertisement
So far, European sellers are not taking kindly to the idea of stricter testing and labeling standards. The L.A. Times reports that the European Union warned in a letter to the California Department of Food and Agriculture that "the standards would be burdensome and confusing for consumers." But that line of argument sounds a little hollow coming from the same regulators that impose strict rules to govern the use of "geographical indications" in marketing and labeling on some of their countries' most prized products. Champagne, to take the most famous example, is only Champagne if it comes from the Champagne region of France; everything else is simply sparkling wine. So seriously are these restrictions taken that over the summer European winemakers vehemently protested the Internet adding .vin and .wine to its Web addresses because they thought it would make it easier for unethical wine sellers to hawk inauthentic and low-quality goods to unsuspecting buyers. 
Jeff Colombini, an olive grower at Lodi Farming in Northern California, told the L.A. Times that Europe's hostility toward changes in labeling and testing is rooted in fear that new rules could give American production an edge in the market. "The importers know that if we establish ourselves as the premier, authentic producers of olive oil, we'll cut into their business over time," he said. "They're running scared." Given that Europeans certainly like authenticity guidelines that work in their favor, Colombini has a point.
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.
 

Foreign lenders & wealth management players up customer engagement activity to tap HNI client baseNupur Anand |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 08:44 PM IST
Foreign lenders & wealth management players up customer engagement activity to tap HNI client base
Apart from increasing the number of offers, banks are looking at also rolling out differentiated offers in order to woo consumers
With the economy showing signs of a turnaround and the markets firmly above the psychological 25,000 mark high net worth individuals (HNIs) are making a steady come back into the market.
In order to tap the HNI and the ultra HNI client base, foreigner lenders and wealth management players who primarily cater to this customer segment have been increasing their level of marketing activity.
Prateek Pant, Executive Director-Products & Services, RBS agrees that there is definitely a renewed interest in the market by HNI clients for equities and as a result certain marketing activities have increased. "We have a program calendar that we run every year but certain programs which are more theme based have picked up with the change in the mood of economy.," he added.
Apart from increasing the number of offers, banks are looking at also rolling out differentiated offers in order to woo consumers.
Deutsche Bank that has been running a similar special customer engagement program believes that the response has been promising.
"The All Things Nice Wine Week ( a special theme based program run by the bank) presented a unique platform to engage with our esteemed clients beyond the normal boutique of banking products and services. We received an excellent response from our clients and are looking to associate with this event in other cities as well," said Japjit Singh Bedi, Head - Deposits & Wealth Management, Private & Business Clients, Deutsche Bank, India said
Though banks keep running certain other programs around lifestyle, the sale and the festive season as per the calendar but certain specific program aimed at tapping the HNI clientele has increased with the economy reviving, agree experts.
Players say that it is very difficult to calculate the return on investments for such programs and not all such marketing activities are a success. Though banks refuse to reveal the return on investments from these programs, they agree that if it is not as per the desired plan then they do end up scrapping it or even stopping it mid way.
Samir Bimal, Managing Director & CEO, BNP Paribas Wealth Management India however explains that these events are important as it helps strengthening the relationship with the clients which is very necessary in case of wealth management services where the ties run across generations. "This is a long term commitment and these engagements further cement the connect between the two. Our clients have access to, and can afford, most social & cultural forums. The idea is to curate events which are relevant, aligned with their interests and allows them to be part of an experience which otherwise is not usually available."
 Advertisements

Maxx launches Android smartphone with 20 GB memory at Rs3 890Maxx AXD11 GenXDroid7 smartphone comes with a 4-inch display,1 GHz dual-core Mediatek processor, 512 MB RAM, 3.2 MP rear camera with flash and runs on Android Jelly Bean.
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 9:47 pm
Maxx Mobile has launched its AXD11 GenXDroid7 smartphone at a price of Rs. 3,890. The smartphone comes with 20 GB of memory (4GB ROM + 16 GB memory card) and runs on Android Jelly Bean, upgradable to Kit Kat. The memory can be furthered expanded up to 32 GB.
The 3G enabled AXD11 model has a 4-inch display screen and comes with a 1 GHz dual-core Processor, powered by Mediatek and 512 MB RAM. The phone features a 3.2 MP rear camera with flash and a front VGA camera.
The dual SIM enabled (WCDMA + GSM) AXD11 has a 1400 mAh battery and offers Bluetooth and WiFi. The phone is available in black and white colour options and includes applications like MAXX World, MAXX life Box, MAXX Care, MAXX New Launch.

Mother  son commit suicide after fathersdeathPrint
Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: September 5, 2014 9:46 pm
The death of a family member led a mother and her son to commit suicide in Ashokanagar in Central Bangalore earlier this week.
Vidya James (48) and her son Alen Christopher (25), a student of business administration, lived in the BDA Quarters at Austin Town in Ashokanagar. Police said that the duo had consumed fruit juice laced with poison on Wednesday night and were rushed to a nearby hospital for treatment. They died in the hospital on Thursday evening.
Police said the two had been depressed Christopher’s father and Vidya’s husband James, a small time businessman, died of cardiac arrest on August 11. The mother and son decided to end their lives and wrote a suicide note explaining that they were unable to bear the pain of James death.
Ashokanagar police were informed by the hospital and the bodies have been shifted to Bowring Hospital, where a postmortem examination was conducted on Friday.

Rains lash north India  J&K sees worst floods in sixdecadesPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 9:37 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 9:38 pm
Heavy rains continued to lash several parts of North India including Jammu and Kashmir which is battling the worst floods in nearly six decades as 28 more people were killed on Friday in flood-related incidents, taking the toll to 48 in the state.
Delhi also witnessed another rainy day as the national capital recorded showers measuring 6.2 mm which kept the mercury below normal levels.
The maximum temperature was recorded at 30.3 degrees Celsius, which was four notches below normal, while the minimum settled a notch below normal at 25.1 degrees Celsius.
The rainfall pushed humidity levels upwards, oscillating between 74 and 92 per cent.
Incessant rains in Jammu and Kashmir since Wednesday have worsened the flood situation, leaving 48 people dead till now and disrupting normal life. The deluge has wreaked havoc, damaging roads, dozens of bridges and buildings and crops.
Jhelum in Srinagar was flowing at 22.40 feet, 4.40 feet above danger mark, as many areas in the summer capital of the state have been submerged. Many other streams in the state too have swollen and inundated most areas, officials said.
19 deaths were reported from Jammu, including 10 in a house collapse incident in Rajouri, apart from recovery of five bodies from yesterday’s bus mishap in which 50 members of marriage party were washed away in Rajouri district. Four people were washed away in Kashmir.
As many as 1,100 people were rescued from flash-floods in various areas by teams of Army and IAF, taking the total number of the rescued persons since yesterday to 1350. A total of 2,500 people have rescued in the state so far.
Schools and colleges across the state have been closed till Monday while universities in Kashmir have suspended all work for two days.

Microsoft launches Android -centered Nokia X2 smartphone at Rs8 699Nokia X2 comes with 1.2GHz dual-core Snapdragon processor on-board, 1 GB RAM, 4.3-inch ClearBlack display, 5MP rear camera and 1,800 mAh battery.
PTI | Posted: September 5, 2014 9:27 pm
Beefing up its budget smartphone portfolio, Microsoft Devices today launched Nokia X2, priced at Rs 8,699, in India to compete more aggressively with the likes of Samsung as well as homegrown firms like Micromax.
The Nokia X2 was unveiled globally in June as a successor to its Android-centred Nokia X handsets.
Nokia X2 is representative of the evolution of the Nokia X family, delivering an enhanced experience across user interface, hardware and apps, Microsoft said in a statement.
In February this year, Nokia had announced the ‘Nokia X’ family of affordable smartphones, running Google’s Android apps, at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona.
It has four devices — Nokia X, Nokia X+, Nokia XL and Nokia X2 — under the Nokia X range. Microsoft also sells Asha and Lumia range of smartphones.
With a 1.2GHz dual-core Snapdragon processor on-board, the dual SIM handset will have a 4.3-inch ClearBlack display, 1GB RAM, 5MP rear and VGA front camera and 1,800 mAh battery.
Besides supporting Microsoft apps like Skype and Outlook, the handset will offer 15GB of free cloud storage on OneDrive.
“The enhancements on the Nokia X2 lead to a richer, faster and easier experience designed to introduce the ‘next billion’ people to the mobile Internet and cloud services,” Nokia India Sales (a subsidiary of Microsoft Mobile Oy) Head Mobile Phones Sari Harju said.
Microsoft Devices operates the handset business acquired from Nokia earlier this year for over USD 7.2 billion.
The roadmap ahead for the Nokia X family is, however, not clear.
Microsoft, in July, had said it plans to shift select products from the Android-powered range to Windows platform as it beefs up the affordable Lumia range.
The sub-Rs 10,000 smartphone category is a fiercely competed segment with international as well as homegrown players such as Micromax, Karbonn and Lava vying for a larger chunk of the market.
Microsoft estimates the affordable mobile devices market to be a “USD 50-billion annual opportunity”.
According to analysts, India is the fastest growing smartphone market globally with over 44 million smartphones sold last year.

10 rich companies won t let investors at cashEMAIL
AP
Companies are supposed to make cash — for their shareholders. But a surprising collection of giant companies seem to be saying, “We don’t owe you anything.”
There are 10 companies in the Standard & Poor’s 500 —  including online ad giants Google (GOOGL) and Facebook (FB) , and e-commerce leader Amazon.com (AMZN)  — that aren’t paying any dividends to investors despite being profitable and sitting on cash and cash equivalents in excess of $650 million or more of their total debt, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ. Only non-financial companies were considered in the analysis.
These stocks are running completely counter to the general trend of companies paying dividends and increasing them at a rapid clip. “Shareholder return continues to be the battle cry from boardrooms,” according to a dividend report by S&P Dow Jones’ Howard Silverblatt. Most companies in the S&P 500 pay a dividend and are boosting dividends so quickly they hit a record in the second quarter, Silverblatt says. Dividends by the S&P 500 are expected to rise at least 10% this year, he says.
Investors so far don’t seem to be bothered by these companies clinging to cash and shunning dividends. A custom equal-weighted index of the 10 stocks is up nearly 31% over the past 12 months. That easily tops the nearly 21% gain by the S&P 500 during the same time period.
Chart source: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAY
It’s hard to find a better example of cash-rich companies keeping the money to themselves than Google. The company is a pure cash machine, sitting on cash and equivalents of $16. 7 billion, which well exceeds the company’s total debt of $8.3 billion. And that cash pile doesn’t even include the company’s nearly $42 billion in short-term investments, which could presumably be converted into cash in less than a year. And the cash keeps growing. Over the past 12 months, Google generated net income of $13.2 billion. Even so, the company pays a whopping dividend yield of 0%. Shares of the online advertising company are up 36% over the past 12 months, as investors seem willing to go along with a lack of dividend as well as a curious corporate governance situation .
Chart source: MSN Money
It might be tempting to give Facebook a pass on the whole dividend thing. After all, the company was founded just 10 years ago and needs to invest in new products for future growth. But this isn’t some little upstart anymore. The company has cash and equivalents of $4.4 billion, which is well above its minuscule total debt of $324 million. Again, that’s not including the company’s additional pile of $9.5 billion in short-term investments. And the company generated net income over the past 12 months of $2.4 billion. You’d think the investors might “like” to get at least a little piece of that.
Certainly, some of these companies might be indirectly returning money to shareholders in the form of stock buybacks. But those just aren’t the same as cold-hard cash dividends. And there are other business demands that require cash, such as capital spending. But if these companies don’t owe anything to investors, in the form of the dividends, who is the cash for?
Below are the 10 non-financial companies in the S&P 500 that pay no dividends yet were profitable over the past 12 months and have cash and cash equivalents that top total debt by $650 million or more:
Company

US Job Growth Slows to 142K  Fewest in 8 MonthsAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Fox Newss Bill OReilly scoffs at sexism charges from State DepartmentBy Erik Wemple September 5 Follow @ErikWemple
Fox News host Bill O’Reilly is laughing off a claim that he leveled a sexist attack on a State Department spokeswoman. “Nah, not me,” giggled the King of Cable News in a short segment last night.
The riff was the latest volley in a nice little Washington tete-a-tete. The action started on Wednesday night, when O’Reilly was chatting with Fox News correspondent James Rosen about a contradiction in the Obama administration’s position on the Islamic State. When Rosen noted that he encountered some flak from State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki on this matter, O’Reilly issued his appraisal: “With all due respect … that woman looks way out of her depth over there. Just the way she delivers, she doesn’t look like she has the gravitas for the job.”
Marie Harf, the department’s deputy spokesperson, denounced the denunciation on Twitter: “.@statedeptspox explains foreign policy w/ intelligence & class. Too bad we can’t say the same about @oreillyfactor: http://bit.ly/WfVr6v”
From the podium yesterday at the State Department, Harf used more than 140 characters: “I think that when the anchor of a leading cable news show uses quite frankly sexist, personally offensive language that I actually don’t think they would ever use about a man, against the person that shares this podium with me, I think I have an obligation and I think it’s important to step up and say that’s not OK.”
As a housekeeping measure, let’s toss the “personally offensive” claim right in the trash heap. In slighting Psaki, O’Reilly stuck strictly to her performance as a professional, something that is well within his ambit as a cable news anchor. If a SPOKESWOMAN cannot be evaluated on the basis of how she presents herself to the public, then nothing is fair game.
Now to the matter of sexism. O’Reilly’s dis was short and powerful. He used the term “that woman” as opposed to her name, which is a bit dicey.
Whether O’Reilly would speak in such terms and tones regarding a man sounds like a stretch. The guy delights in bashing — and men pop up consistently in his denunciations. Take the Erik Wemple Blog, for example. In March, we ripped O’Reilly for whining about media overkill on the MH370 story. On his show, O’Reilly dismissed us in much the same style he did Psaki: “It is simply incredible that the Washington Post would pay a man as foolish as that.”
What about the gravitas thing? To Nexis we go, in search of discernible patterns of usage. Alas, there’s nothing too solid: Sure, “gravitas” gets mentioned a fair bit in relation to former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin, which seems about right. It also pops up in reference to Katie Couric’s run as an evening news anchor.
And! Check out the transcript from the Dec. 3, 2008, edition of “The O’Reilly Factor,” in which the host opines on a prominent woman:
O’REILLY: … I don’t mind Hillary Clinton, Secretary of State. I think she has a certain gravitas out there. And I think she’s pretty tough. … 
Maybe O’Reilly is even-handed with assessments of the gravitas of women at the State Department. He told viewers to expect an extensive segment on the matter tonight.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409931460/1409931460000/1409931460 tracking: {authors=Erik Wemple, blog_name=erik-wemple, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=fox-newss-bill-oreilly-scoffs-at-sexism-charges-from-state-department, post_id=14215, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 3:37:40 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 3:37:40 PM

Hawks are in  ostriches are outBy Jennifer Rubin September 5 Follow @JRubinBlogger
You would think that nearly 200,000 murdered Syrians, Russia’s capture of Crimea, the rise of the Islamic State, and chaos in Iraq would jolt the foreign policy establishment and political system. But sometimes it takes an easily understandable, discrete event to shake the public, which generally doesn’t follow foreign policy all that closely. That event in the case of the Obama administration was the grotesque beheading of a second American, Steven Sotloff . We can leave for another day the question of  why one murder, however grisly, generated more of an impact than 200,000 deaths. But what is indisputable is the fact that we have reached a tipping point in  the ongoing debacle that is the Obama foreign policy.  So what has changed? A lot:
Former U.S. President George W. Bush sits with the spouses of African leaders at a Spousal Symposium at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts on August 6, 2014 in Washington, DC.  (Photo by Pete Marovich/Getty Images)
First, criticism of the president is now fully bipartisan. It is hard to recall another time since 9-11 when the public and politicians were so united on a national security matter. In this case the consensus is: The threat posed by the Islamic State is real and serious. The president doesn’t know what he is doing. We need to do something more. When even Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.) and veterans of the Bush administration both agree (even in an election year) the president is blowing it and we need to act, not just speechify, you know we have broken new ground.
Second, while we have been noting for some time that the GOP has reverted to its tough-on defense, Reaganesque foreign policy, the mainstream media  and talking head pundits are just now catching on to this. Hey, no one on the right is talking about retrenchment! You don’t say.
Third, foreign policy is now a 2014 midterms issue. Republican Senate nominee in Virginia, Ed Gillespie is bashing Sen. Mark Warner (D-Va.) for going along with deep defense cuts. Rep. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.), who has focused on national security and bashed defense cuts now leads Democrat Mark Pryor. In North Carolina Sen. Kay Hagan, who opposed taking action early on in Syria , is now criticizing the president for not taking action earlier (at the 6:25 mark ).
Fourth, the 2016 election looks like it will largely focus on foreign policy. That is bad news for the president’s first term secretary of State Hillary Clinton, whose record is now front and center in the raging discussion about who lost Ukraine, Libya, and Iraq. The next time she tries to distance herself from the White House, don’t expect her to running back to apologize. Ironically, while a 2016 focus on foreign policy may insulate her from a challenge from the left on these issues, she may be set up for a challenge from a credible liberal who is to her left on domestic policy and her right on foreign policy (think former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean.)
Fifth, the GOP presidential race has been reset. Gov. Rick Perry of Texas, who established his hawkish credentials by taking on the strongest isolationist voice in the GOP, is well-situated. (Even his speculation about infiltration of jihadists from Mexico, which some ridiculed , has proved to be prescient .) Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) who began a hawkish series of speeches and legislative moves several months ago also seems well-positioned. Those governors who have stumbled on foreign policy or ignored it have a steep hill to climb. And of course, Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), once thought to be the “frontrunner” from the foreign policy-phobic political MSM, is now “ floundering ” and has provoked intense criticism from the right and from libertarians , who see his about-face as political opportunism that puts Hillary Clinton to shame. (“Paul, who earlier in the day presented himself as undecided on the question of whether ISIS poses a threat that justifies war, was firmly convinced that it does. The sudden evaporation of Paul’s doubts reeks of political desperation. As [Sean] Hannity noted, Paul is eager to shed the ‘isolationist’ label, and this is his opportunity. . . . [G]iven his sudden conversion and the weakness of the reasons he has offered, it is hard to take Paul seriously on the subject.”) As the son of one president and the brother of another, Jeb Bush may have an easier run, in part because we now see George W. Bush’s presidency in very different terms.
Sixth, George W. Bush will continue his rehabilitation. He understood the threat we face is not from vaguely described “extremists” but Islamic jihadists. He understood America cannot be passive in the world. He understood we needed to keep a presence in Afghanistan and Iraq to avoid frittering away our hard fought gains. He understood that you can’t treat terrorism like a criminal investigation. And he certainly understood our closest ally in the region is Israel, with whom we share common threats. Most of all, he was willing to risk political popularity to see the surge through in Iraq and achieve a stable and unified country as he left office. (Yes, he like the entire intelligence community in this and other countries believed Saddam Hussein had a mature WMD program and underestimated the difficulty of the post-war situation but he recognized errors, fixed them and did not subsme national security to partisan considerations.)
It turns out Obama is the one out to lunch, disengaged from reality.  Bush was at his best when refashioning war policy. If we long for a “decider” and defender of human rights it is because Americans now see the perils of a president determined to be the un-Bush.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409932821/1409932821000/1409932821 tracking: {authors=Jennifer Rubin, blog_name=right-turn, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=tipping-point-on-national-security, post_id=27994, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 4:00:21 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 4:00:21 PM

Controversial comedian compares James Foleys beheading to those of the French RevolutionBy Ishaan Tharoor September 5 Follow @ishaantharoor
French comic Dieudonne M'Bala M'Bala speaks to the media during a press conference in a theater in Paris,  Jan. 11, 2014. (Michel Euler/AP)
The controversial, polarizing French comedian Dieudonne M'bala M'bala is being investigated by French authorities after a new video of him emerged where he allegedly mocks the beheading of American journalist James Foley by Islamic State jihadists.
"I think decapitation symbolizes, before anything, progress, access to civilization," he said in the video. "In France, we decapitated people in front of the masses, on the public plazas."
Dieudonne, as he is commonly known, went on to contrast the muted international reaction to the executions of Libyan and Iraq dictators Moammar Gaddafi and Saddam Hussein with the global outrage over the slain journalist. "The Rothschild Mafia says no, that's okay, but James Foley, that's too much," he said, referring to the European-Jewish banking family, as if it somehow represents the Western consensus.
French prosecutors said the investigation has begun on the grounds that Dieudonne condoned terrorism. The artist has a long history of making anti-Semitic comments and still owes the French state some $80,000 in fines for earlier remarks. He is due to appear in court in November after attempting to crowdfund the payment of these fines , an act which is illegal under French law. French Prime Minister Manuel Valls labeled him a "peddler of hatred." Dieudonne has made a career, and a considerable amount of money, out of his provocative rhetoric. Mayors across the country have moved to cancel his shows at various times.
Dieudonne made headlines in January after Nicholas Anelka, a French soccer player then with English club West Bromwich Albion, made a gesture invented by the comedian when celebrating a goal he scored on Dec. 28, 2013. The " quenelle " has been described by many critics as a reverse Nazi salute. Anelka, who was banned for five games and eventually left the team, insisted he was not racist nor anti-Semitic.
Dieudonne defends the quenelle, saying it's an anti-establishment, "up yours" gesture, rather than one hostile to Jews. People, however, have performed the quenelle outside synagogues -- acts which are clearly provocative.
Despite the widespread censure of the comedian, Dieudonne's appeal speaks to broader fissures in France. To some, he may be a racist and an anti-Semite. To others, including marginalized African and Arab youth in the country's impoverished banlieues, or suburbs, Dieudonne, whose father is from Cameroon, is a figure of rebellion against the system at large. He has also won support from figures in France's ultra-nationalist, xenophobic far-right, including Jean Marie Le Pen , founder of France's influential National Front.
A profile  earlier this year in the New Yorker by Alexander Stille linked Dieudonne's schtick to that of Beppe Grillo, an Italian comedian whose Five Star Movement won numerous seats in parliament in recent elections. "Both men use the mask of 'comedy' to say things that would never be tolerated in other fora," writes Stille. This could be a likely defense of Dieudonne's latest video: where he deploys absurd, offensive rhetoric to make a point about the status quo. Stille goes on:
"Dieudonné plays a game of deliberate ambiguity,” says Damien Glez, a writer and cartoonist from Burkina Faso who has written about Dieudonné for Jeune Afrique, a francophone magazine published in Paris. “He is using a lot of the language and metaphors of old-fashioned French anti-Semitism before a young audience that does not have a very developed idea of anti-Semitism... And then you take this into the banlieue, where many young people feel oppressed by Islamophobia and angry and frustrated about the Palestinians. And everything is ambiguous and mixed together: anti-Zionism, anti-Semitism, and anti-system anger. Humor and hatred. The resentment of the Le Pen right and the anger of the recent immigrants of the banlieue. Even the gesture of the quenelle is ambiguous."
It remains to be seen how Dieudonne will spin the "ambiguity" of his comments regarding Foley's grisly, tragic death.
Ishaan Tharoor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. He previously was a senior editor at TIME, based first in Hong Kong and later in New York.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=world, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=5, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=5, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409934337/1409934337000/1409934337 tracking: {authors=Ishaan Tharoor, blog_name=worldviews, content_category=World, in_url_headline=controversial-comedian-compares-james-foleys-beheading-to-those-of-the-french-revolution, post_id=37000, section={section=world, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 4:25:37 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 4:25:37 PM

Wall St. flat following weak payrolls reportWall Street ends lower as Apple falls, bond yields rise
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
NASDAQ NYSE Euronext, Inc. Financial Markets The Home Depot
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Tuesday as Apple  shares declined and as bond yields hit their highest in a month on concerns the Federal Reserve could raise interest rates sooner than some investors had expected.
All 10 S&P 500 sectors ended lower. Apple shares, which jumped as much as 4.8 percent earlier in the session after the company unveiled a smartwatch, ended down 0.4 percent at $97.99. Apple also announced two larger iPhones.
Benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note yields rose to 2.5 percent.
Apart from geopolitical concerns, investors are becoming increasingly worried about the global economy, and especially Europe, weakening again. ( Gail MarksJarvis )
Sectors with high-dividend paying stocks including utilities were among the day's weakest. The utilities sector <.SPLRCU> and telecommunications <.SPLRCL> each fell 1.2 percent.
Improving U.S. economic conditions may force the Federal Reserve "to tighten sooner rather than later," said Doug Cote, chief market strategist with Voya Investment Management in New York.
"Rising rates are an immediate discount for financial assets, including equities," he said.
8
Shares of Home Depot  fell 2.1 percent, a day after the company confirmed its payment security system had been breached.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> declined 97.55 points or 0.57 percent, to 17,013.87, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 13.1 points or 0.65 percent, to 1,988.44 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 40.00 points or 0.87 percent, to 4,552.29.
About 5.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, above the 5.5 billion average for the last five days, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
The Fed supposedly owns 1/4 of ALL stocks. Anybody who still thinks investing in the stock market, and the dollar is getting stronger, is an idiot.
Jackie Puppet
90
In the options market, Apple options volume rose to a record daily volume of 2.97 million contracts traded, according to Henry Schwartz, president of options analytics firm Trade Alert. Contract volume was about three times normal and calls led puts by a ratio of 2.1:1, according to Trade Alert data.
The largest percentage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was Pulse Electronics , which was rising 53.47 percent, while the largest percentage decliner was Usec , down 18.05 percent.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were Brazil's Petrobras , down 2.83 percent to $17.83 and Pfizer , down 0.58 percent at $29.23.
Besides Apple, Yahoo , down 2.5 percent at $40.78, and Microsoft , up 0.6 percent to $46.76 were among the most actively traded on Nasdaq.
Declining issues were outnumbering advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,338 to 698, for a 3.35-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 2,046 issues were falling and 637 advancing for a 3.21-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
The broad S&P 500 index was posting 17 new 52-week highs and five new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 56 new highs and 58 new lows.
(Additional reporting by Saqib Iqbal Ahmed; Editing by Nick Zieminski, Chris Reese and Meredith Mazzilli)

Euro Finmart allots equity sharesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Motorola puts smartwatch on sale  upgrades phonesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Reliance Industries  GenNext Ventures  Microsoft set up innovation hubsApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Osamu Suzuki meets Gujarat CM; govt clears issues related to projectApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

India and Australia sign civil nuclear agreementApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

As Javedekar visits Kaziranga  groups demand CBI probe into rhinokillingsWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 5, 2014 10:02 pm
 
Even as union forest and environment minister Prakash Javadekar made his maiden visit to Kaziranga National Park on Friday, different environment NGOs and other organizations asked him to institute a CBI probe into the increasing number of rhino poaching cases in the world’s largest habitat of one-horned Indian rhinoceros.
Representatives of the All Assam Students’ Union (AASU) were the most vocal when Javadekar first interacted with different groups immediately after he landed in Guwahati on Friday. Before taking a chopper to Kaziranga, about 220 kms from here, he told reporters that the BJP government believed in community involvement in protecting wildlife and forests.
“The government believes in saving forests and wildlife with strong community participation. Wherever forests have thrived, it is more because of the people, especially the tribal communities,” he said.
The AASU said while the Assam government had failed to protect rhinos in Kaziranga, the Centre had remained a mute spectator. “Why can’t the rhinos be saved from poachers who have now shifted to using sophisticated AK-series weapons. We suspect there is some serious problem somewhere, some nexus too,” said AASU advisor Samujjal Bhattacharyya. At least 26 rhinos have been killed this year by poachers.
Later, addressing a meeting of local groups and communities in Kaziranga, Javadekar said the government wants to increase India’s overall forest cover from the existing 24 per cent to over 33 per cent. “It is a challenging task. But I think it will be possible through community participation and hard work. It might take 10 to 15 years,” he said.

Deadly barrel bombs hit taxi stand in SyriasAleppoFile Photo: Buildings are seen destroyed in an airstrike by the Syrian government in Aleppo (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Aleppo (syria) | Posted: September 5, 2014 10:00 pm
Syrian helicopters dropped barrel bombs on a taxi stand in the city of Aleppo on Friday, killing at least 12 civilians, including a child, a monitoring group said.
“Twelve civilians, among them a child, were killed, and five others seriously wounded after helicopters launched two explosive-laden barrels against the Haidariyeh district,” the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.
There were least a dozen bloodied corpses lying on the ground. One, wrapped in a shroud, was apparently that of a child.
The journalist also saw several people on stretchers, showing burns and shrapnel wounds, and others lying in pools of blood near sandbags. It was not clear whether they were dead.
Haidariyeh is home to a popular taxi stand.
There was also a massive crater in the street left by one of the bombs.
One resident said: “I saw the bodies. They were workers, people who were simply trying to find a way to put bread on the table… You can see the human remains.”
A man who had volunteered to help rescue survivors said “taxi drivers gather here to transport workers and goods… There were no rebels here.”
Last December, President Bashar al-Assad’s regime launched a massive aerial campaign against rebel districts in the east of Syria’s second city, despite a UN Security Council resolution condemning such strikes.
In July, Human Rights Watch condemned the air force campaign, saying it had killed 1,700 people in five months.
Barrel bombs are typically constructed from large oil drums, gas cylinders or water tanks, filled with high explosives and scrap metal to enhance fragmentation.

Housebuilders warn market frenzy is overSeptember 5, 2014 5:21 pm
UK housebuilders warn market frenzy is over
By Andy Sharman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/07d17736-342d-11e4-8832-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Biggest-ever Alibaba IPO gets closer to realityBy: Matt Krantz and Jessica Guynn September 5, 2014 11:57 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
The Chinese Internet company Alibaba disclosed terms of its massive upcoming IPO, putting the wheels in motion for it to launch its “roadshow” next week and woo investors in a deal expected to start trading Sept. 19 or shortly thereafter.
After much anticipation, Alibaba Friday filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission its prospectus giving investors the first look at the company’s valuation and expected price range for its shares.
According to the documents, Alibaba is expected to raise more than $20 billion making it the biggest U.S. ever, says Renaissance Capital, the IPO exchange-traded fund manager.
This is just the first in what will be a number of steps before the stock actually starts to trade. Now that the initial deal terms are set, it usually takes two to three weeks afterwards for trading to begin, which would put the launch of trading as early as Sept. 19 but as late as the week of Sept. 22, Renaissance says.
The initial price range of the shares will be set between $60 and $66 a share, according to the filing . Including stock sold by insiders, Alibaba is to sell 320.1 million shares. That means $20.1 billion will be raised from the offering. The company itself is selling 123 million shares. The initial price range of an IPO can be adjusted higher or lower as market conditions change and investment bankers have an opportunity to measure investor interest.
The company says it will have roughly 2.5 billion shares outstanding following the IPO, including shares issued in connection to options and restricted stock units. That means the company would have roughly a $160 billion valuation at the midpoint of the IPO offering range. At that valuation, the company would be the 24th most valuable company in the Standard & Poor’s 500, just behind Bank of America at $161 billion and ahead of Amazon.com at $159 billion.
Big insiders and investors will also be selling in the deal. Struggling online portal Yahoo (YHOO) , which was an early investor in Alibaba, plans to sell 121 million of its 524 million shares in the deal. That would raise $7.6 billion for the company, a tidal-sized cash infusion for the company which has $2.7 billion in cash and equivalents. The value of Yahoo’s 524 million Alibaba shares is $33 billion, which is 84% of Yahoo’s total market value of $39 billion.
But in what appears to be somewhat of a vote of confidence in Alibaba’s future, the biggest outside investor, Japan’s SoftBank is not planning to sell any of its 797.7 million shares in the IPO. SoftBank owns roughly a third of Alibaba.
The road show is the series of meetings between the company and prospective investors. Company management meets with large institutions — such as pension funds and mutual funds — to go over the company’s financials, prospects and opportunities. Alibaba’s massive global roadshow — spanning North America, Asia and Europe — is pivotal since the company is poorly understood outside of Asia, says Max Wolff, chief economist at Manhattan Venture Partners. “Alibaba is a behemoth in China but is relatively less well known in the U.S.,” he says.
Alibaba is a Chinese-based Internet business that operates everything from behind-the-scenes, business-to-business e-commerce capabilities to retail services. Few if any U.S. consumers interact with the service personally, so professionals don’t expect the same level of interest in this deal as was seen in the IPOs of Facebook and Twitter.
But the sheer size of the offering makes it impossible for the professional investors to ignore. If Alibaba raises north of $20 billion, that would make it the largest U.S. IPO in history, topping the $17.9 billion raised from the IPO of payment processing company Visa in March 2008, Renaissance says.
The exact timing on the roadshow and the pricing of the deal remains fluid. Sam Hamadeh at private company tracking firm Privco expects the roadshow to start Sunday, which is Monday in Asia. The roadshow will happen on three continents, Europe, North America and Asia, at the same time, he says.
The roadshow’s first stop will be Hong Kong on Monday morning, Hamadeh expects, then moving to Singapore. Next up will be Europe, where Alibaba will meet with investors in the afternoon of the 9th, Hamadeh says. CEO and founder Jack Ma will personally meet with the largest European investors since they are expected to be pivotal to the success of the deal, Hamadeh says.
Finally, Alibaba’s management team will head to New York for a lunchtime meeting on Sept. 10, Hamadeh says. Due to the expected high level of interest, smaller investors will be asked to go to the roadshows scheduled after the New York meeting in Boston, Philadelphia or Baltimore, Hamadeh says. These cities are home of many of the giant U.S. mutual funds.
On Thursday, the show moves to the Midwest, Kansas City, and then Denver on Thursday. Finally the road show moves to Silicon Valley with breakfast and lunch meetings scheduled there, Hamadeh says.
But again, such IPO timetables can be very loose and subject to change. Investors need to be flexible until the deal nears and more concrete information is known.
Alibaba’s management will need to use the roadshow to better educate investors outside of Asia. “This is a a somewhat opaque company that is very large, not well known, complicated and Chinese. So you have to do a lot of messaging and education to get everyone ready,” Wolff says.
Below are the five largest U.S. IPOs in terms of dollars raised:
Source: Renaissance Capital via Microsoft Excel
Company

What s wrong in PM speaking to students: Venkaiah NaiduUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Chennai: Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu on Friday wondered why anyone should object when the prime minister of the nation talks to students.
Speaking to reporters here, he queried what is wrong in Prime Minister interacting with the students but said there are "doubting Thomas" in every place.
Referring to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's interaction with students and teachers across the nation Friday on the occasion of Teachers' Day, he said: "The leader inspires and the country moves forward."
Referring to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's interaction with students and teachers across the nation Friday on the occasion of Teachers' Day, he said: "The leader inspires and the country moves forward."
"We have Children's Day celebrated on a particular leader's birthday (Jawaharlal Nehru) and why should there be an objection if the prime minister speaks to students," Naidu posed.

News 360: School children talk to Narendra Modi on Teacher s dayWatch: Former MP Saifuddin Soz heckled by flood victims in Srinagar
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Alaska Natives secure a voting rights victory in courtBy Niraj Chokshi September 5 Follow @NirajC
This week’s voting rights ruling comes at an inopportune time for Alaska Gov. Sean Parnell (R). (AP Photo/Mark Thiessen)
The state of Alaska says it will do a better job offering language assistance to its native population following a federal court ruling this week.
The ruling marks the end of a legal campaign that began a year ago when the state was sued by four tribes and two native voters for failing to provide sufficient ballot language assistance. After a nine-day trial earlier this summer, U.S. District Court Judge Sharon Gleason on Wednesday issued her ruling, asking the state to submit a proposal by Friday for changes that could be implemented before the November election.
“This case boils down to one issue,” Natalie Landreth, an attorney with the Native American Rights Fund, which filed the lawsuit with two national law firms, said in a statement  following the ruling. “English speakers receive a 100-page Official Election Pamphlet before every election and Yup’ik speaking voters have been receiving three things: the date of the election, the time of the election, and a notice that language assistance will be available at the poll.  That’s it.  That is a very clear violation of the law, and it has to change, now.”
Lt. Gov. Mead Treadwell said in a statement  that he was “disappointed” with the ruling, but would “work expeditiously” to comply with it.
“In the meantime, Alaska’s native and non-native voters need to know that the Division of Elections is committed to ballot access,” he said. “We will continue to work with Alaska Native leaders and others to improve, and I view today’s decision as an opportunity to expand our efforts.”
As it stands, the state provides translators and bilingual outreach and poll workers in Yup’ik and Gwich’in, two native languages. But the assistance was limited to a particular dialect of Yup’ik, which was of little use to voters in some regions who spoke different dialects, NARF argues in the statement.
“The State has been informed about the dialectical differences many times over the years, but has taken no action,” the group said.
As Alaska Dispatch News points out , the decision’s timing is unfortunate for Gov. Sean Parnell (R) who is up for reelection this fall. The lieutenant governor candidate on the opposing ticket is prominent Native leader Byron Mallott (D).
Niraj Chokshi reports for GovBeat, The Post's state and local policy blog.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409935165/1409935165000/1409935165 tracking: {authors=Niraj Chokshi, blog_name=govbeat, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=alaska-natives-secure-a-voting-rights-victory-in-court, post_id=14968, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 4:39:25 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 4:39:25 PM

Jobs doldrums wont help DemocratsBy Jennifer Rubin September 5 Follow @JRubinBlogger
The Post reports : “Hiring slowed significantly in the United States in August, as the economy added only 142,000 jobs, a disappointing setback for an economic expansion that has been gaining steam for most of this year. The Labor Department on Friday also reported that the unemployment rate declined in August from 6.2 percent to 6.1 percent, largely explained by additional people dropping out of the workforce.” It dashed expectations that we had turned the corner on jobs: “The jobs data came in far below the 200,000-plus jobs that many economists had expected — and that had been the norm over the past six months. The slower pace of hiring may be evidence that the economy is not quite as strong as many people have thought.”
A  jobs sign on the US Chamber of Commerce Building in Washington. (Saul Loeb/Agence France-Presse via Getty Images)
James Pethokoukis of the American Enterprise Institute says the August job numbers don’t really capture the full picture. Things are actually worse than they seem. Not only did the alternate household survey show a job growth of a mere 16,000 jobs, but “[w]ages are still a problem, with average hourly earnings up just 2.1% the past year.”
Doug Holtz-Eakin of the conservative American Action Forum sums up via e-mail: “The spin will be to ignore this as a data anomaly, but the reality is that it is another piece of evidence against the notion that the economy will accelerate significantly in 2014. Two thirds of the year is gone and there is no conclusive evidence of acceleration above the 2 to 2.5 percent trend.”
It stands to reason that if we want different results, we need to do something different. The Fed is already at zero interest rates, so the push must come (unless you are convinced the stimulus would have worked if only it had been bigger) from changes in regulatory, energy and tax policies. That’s what Republicans are arguing. In a written statement, House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) says : “Address the debt. Reform the tax code. Fix the legal system. Rein in excessive regulations. Strengthen education.” He pointed his finger directly at the Senate, which has sat on some 350 bills the House has passed that have some pro-jobs component. He promises to explain his five-point plan more fully at a speech Sept. 18 at the American Enterprise Institute.
There are a few key points relating to jobs. First, Americans were already convinced the economy stinks and we are on the wrong track. One month’s job figures probably don’t convince that many more voters that the Obama recovery is lackluster at best. Nevertheless, this will heighten GOP candidates’ focus on jobs out on the stump in the next couple of months. Second, this gives the GOP the chance to put a lot of discrete proposals into one message: Everything they will do in 2015 will have a positive impact on jobs and growth. Most of what President Obama and the Democrats want to do has a negative effect. Third, while not popular these days, the other growth element is immigration reform, specifically increasing highly skilled workers. These people, we know, create jobs for others, accelerate innovation and allow foreign students with advanced technical degrees to remain here (for the same reasons, we should loosen restrictions on H-1B visas).
While Republicans are routinely criticized (by conservatives, among others) for not putting out a jazzy enough message, what are the Democrats promising — tax hikes and another stimulus plan? Just asking.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409934658/1409934658000/1409934658 tracking: {authors=Jennifer Rubin, blog_name=right-turn, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=jobs-doldrums-wont-help-democrats, post_id=28007, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 4:30:58 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 4:30:58 PM

Troops guarding Americas nuclear missile silos getting upgradesBy Dan Lamothe September 5 Follow @danlamothe
Air Force Staff Sgt. Glen Brott, a 90th Security Forces Group Tactical Response Force assaulter, moves toward a breached personnel access hatch during a facility re-capture training exercise at F.E. Warren Air Force Base, Wyo., on Feb. 18. The Air Force will give nuclear security forces new uniforms with modern camouflage, better cold-weather gear and other equipment as the service seeks to improve the nuclear force. (U.S. Air Force photo by Staff Sgt. Jonathan Snyder/RELEASED)
Widespread cheating by Air Force officers who oversee the U.S. nuclear missile arsenal embarrassed the service this year and prompted questions about what can be done to change their culture. But it also did something else: It gave rank-and-file troops who provide security at nuclear missile sites a voice to express concerns about their aging equipment.
The nuclear security forces, as they are known in the Air Force, include hundreds of enlisted troops entrusted with responding rapidly if a terrorist or other enemy force attempts to take over a nuclear missile base or launch facility. There are 450 intercontinental ballistic missiles spread across America’s rural heartland , cared for by troops serving at F.E. Warren Air Force Base in Wyoming, Malmstrom Air Force Base in Montana and Minot Air Force Base in North Dakota.
Air Force officials said in January that dozens of officers watching the missiles — known as missileers — had been caught cheating on a monthly launch officer proficiency test, or knew colleagues who did so and said nothing about it. About 100 of the 190 missileers were eventually ensnared in the probe, and at least 82 received discipline ranging from letters of counseling to non-judicial punishment.
The scandal prompted Lt. Gen. Stephen Wilson, chief of the Air Force’s Global Strike Command, to launch a “force improvement program.” The internal study has interviewed everyone from missileers, to helicopter pilots, to the security troops, and then spread to the aviation side of Global Strike Command, which also oversees the care and deployment of nuclear equipped bombers like the iconic B-52H Stratofortress and the bat-winged shaped B-2 Spirit.
On the security forces side, troops expressed concern about driving for hours on narrow, treacherous roads in rollover-prone armored Humvees to get to missile sites. They also expressed an interest in wearing the Army’s “Multicam” camouflage and said they need better cold-weather gear because of the time they spend outdoors in the frigid winters of America’s Midwest, Air Force officials told this writer for Foreign Policy in April.
Now, it appears they have been heard: the Air Force said in a news release Thursday that nuclear security forces at Minot, Malmstrom, Warren and a training base at Camp Guernsey, Wyo., will get the new uniforms, cold-weather gear and “personal protective equipment that has been redesigned with the missile field mission in mind.” The camouflage will replace the “tiger-stripe” pattern that airmen typically wear.
In this photo released by the Air Force, security forces airmen demonstrate the effectiveness of various camouflage patterns at Minot Air Force Base, N.D. The airman on the right is wearing an operational camouflage pattern, or “Multicam,” while the airman on the left is wearing the service’s tiger-stripe pattern. (U.S. Air Force photo)
“We are putting together this system for our Security Forces Airmen to operate and survive, both on base and in the missile complex at our northern tier bases,” said Gregory Simpson, who oversees equipment requirements for Global Strike Command, in the news release.
“The system we have currently, although it’s good, doesn’t all work together as a single system; it’s a hodgepodge of cold weather garments from different vendors used in conjunction with approved duty gear,” Simpson said. “The complete system we’re building incorporates cold weather and duty gear, and is more efficient and conducive to the type of environment these troops are operating in.”
Wilson had told Foreign Policy in April that he was open to the uniform change. Multicam has proven itself effective on soldiers in Afghanistan, and he did not see why it would not be useful on the wooded sites around missile bases.
“It’s a pretty good uniform, and it’s pretty good at making sure that under different conditions — day, night — I can blend in, versus stand out,” he said at the time. “And it’s pretty durable. I’m OK with it.”
It’s unclear if the security forces will get better vehicles. Troops have expressed interest in using unarmored sports utility vehicles when possible, citing their practicality on country roads and better heating systems in the winter. A smaller fleet of armored vehicles could be kept to respond when newly installed surveillance cameras spot a potential threat, they argue.
There is no update yet on the future plan for vehicles, said Lt. Col. John Sheets, a Global Strike Command spokesman, on Friday. Staff are continuing to examine options.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=world/national-security, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409935787/1409935787000/1409935787 tracking: {authors=Dan Lamothe, blog_name=checkpoint, content_category=World/national-security, in_url_headline=troops-guarding-americas-nuclear-missile-silos-getting-upgrades, post_id=3859, section={section=world/national-security, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 4:49:47 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 4:49:47 PM

Humanist group: Air Force airman denied reenlistment because he refused to say so help me GodBy Abby Ohlheiser September 5 Follow @abbyohlheiser
An F-35 Lightning II flies overhead for the first time at Eglin Air Force Base in Florida. (Senior Airman Julianne Showalter/U.S. Air Force via Associated Press)
An airman stationed at Creech Air Force Base in Indian Springs, Nev., was denied reenlistment because he omitted the part of a required oath that states “so help me God,” according to a letter from the American Humanist Association . The letter was sent on Tuesday to the Air Force’s Office of the Inspector General on behalf of an unnamed airman.
The AHA said it is prepared to sue for what the organization says is a violation of the Establishment Clause in the U.S. Constitution, unless the Air Force permits its members to enlist without the religious portion of the oath. The letter says that the airman “was told that his options were to say, ‘so help me God’ or to leave the Air Force.”
It goes on:
“Further, he was told that he must sign the religious oath portion of the enlistment form without adjustment … this letter demands that you immediately allow [omitted] to reenlist using a secular affirmation and that the Air Force accept his written enlistment form in a way that reflects his secular affirmation (i.e. by line-out and initial of the ‘oath’ and ‘So Help Me God’ portions of DD Form 4.”
The Air Force has not confirmed several details of the incident. In a Friday afternoon statement to The Post, U.S. Air Force Public Affairs Officer Chris Hoyler said that “the Airman’s term of service expires in November 2014.  He has until this time to complete the Department of Defense Form 4 in compliance with the Title 10 U.S.C. §502.”
Inquiries into the oath uncovered a change to Air Force rules last year that previously went unnoticed, as the Air Force Times noted . Until October 2013, Air Force Instruction 36-2606 (which governs the enlistment oath) included a short note: “Airmen may omit the words ‘so help me God,’ if desired for personal reasons.” That was removed in an amendment to the rule, effective Oct. 30, 2013, according to the Air Force Times.
Speaking to the Huffington Post , U.S. Air Force Public Affairs Officer Chris Hoyler said that the change now makes “reciting ‘So help me God’ in the reenlistment and commissioning oaths…a statutory requirement.”
According to the Air Force’s statement to the independent Air Force Times, Congress would have to change the statute mandating that part of the oath in order for the Air Force to make it optional again.
Now that it has the attention of the AHA and the Military Association of Atheists and Freethinkers, the policy change seems bound to become another source of disagreement over the role of religion in the U.S. military.
The Air Force, in particular, has faced intense scrutiny for what some believe is a preferred status for Christians in the service and at the Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, Colo .
Critics, including Michael Weinstein’s Military Religious Freedom Foundation, have in the past lobbied for changes to the way the Air Force references God and the Bible. For example, in 2011, the group helped to successfully eliminate an Air Force nuclear training program that taught ethics using Bible passages and religious figures for reference.
And in the same month that the Air Force’s enlistment oath rules changed to make the “so help me God” portion mandatory, the Air Force Academy announced that it would allow its cadets to opt out of the very same phrase in the honor code.
Those changes, however, have angered some conservatives and evangelicals in and out of the Air Force, who believe that many accommodations designed to protect religious minorities in the service violate the Christian majority’s right to religious freedom.
A 2012 Air Force Times survey about perceptions of religious freedom in the service found both atheists and Christians in the Air Force complaining of a need to “walk on eggshells” about the issue.
As McClatchy reported , conservative groups and Republicans in Congress heavily criticized the Air Force for a rule change that prohibited commanding officers from “the actual or apparent use of their positions to promote their religious convictions to their subordinates.”
While conservatives argued that the regulation prevented those officers from expressing their religious views, the regulation’s supporters believe that it’s necessary, given the hierarchical nature of military culture. As of May, that rule was under review by the Air Force.
[this post has been updated]
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=world/national-security, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409934522/1409934522000/1409934522 tracking: {authors=Abby Ohlheiser, blog_name=checkpoint, content_category=World/national-security, in_url_headline=humanist-group-air-force-airman-denied-reenlistment-because-he-refused-to-say-so-help-me-god, post_id=3857, section={section=world/national-security, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 4:28:42 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 4:28:42 PM

Study: Millennials fit their texty  entitled  leave-early sterotypes62
"Technology is the big difference with this generation. Millennials are conditioned to have the answer at hand," one respondent says.
Another HR professional offers this: "Technology is almost an inherent part of their makeup. It is ingrained in their communication and in the way they work. A company has to provide a strong platform to support their natural use of technology or they become frustrated." Other respondents appreciate the way millennials challenge traditional ways of doing things.
With more millennials entering the workplace and job-hopping every couple of years, companies that learn to embrace change will be the ones who win in the talent capitalization game.
My startup has gone from 11 employees a year ago to over 50 today. More than 70 percent of the workforce is under 30, so I'm often asked for tips on how to work with millennials.
You have to adapt. Socializing is important to millennials, so we have happy hours and trolley bus tours through the city. We also know that millennials are very money-motivated. That's why we give frequent shareholder updates, so they can feel like their company shares are paving the way for their future. Millennials also like flexible work environments, so I'm playing around with the idea of holding meetings outside.
Like any company, though, there's room for improvement. Frankly, we suck at communicating with millennials in a way that gets their attention. Instead of PowerPoints and long emails, we should be using text blasts, videos and Twitter.
One HR professional in the survey said, "Just like with any generation starting in the workplace, they have a large learning curve ahead of them."
Perhaps, we all do.
Bisceglia is president and founder of Scout Exchange, a software company with offices in River North and in Boston that connects employers with the best search firms.

Modi wishes Aussie PM good luck for a successful World CupThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Jyoti Ltd  MEIL JV wins Rs 422 cr order from SSNNLBS Reporter |  Ahmedabad Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 08:53 PM IST
Jyoti Ltd, MEIL JV wins Rs 422 cr order from SSNNL
Jyoti Ltd's portion in this order will be about Rs 100 crore for supply of electro-mechanical equipment
Jyoti Ltd, Vadodara-based manufacturers of hydro turbines & generators has won a Rs 422.98 crore order from Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd (SSNNL) in joint venture with Megha Engineering & Infrastructures Ltd (MEIL) for for complete engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) of civil, electro-mechanical and hydro-mechanical works. Jyoti Ltd’s portion in this order will be about Rs 100 crore for supply of electro-mechanical equipment.
The order also includes five years operation and maintenance for Saurashtra Branch Canal Project in Mehsana district. MEIL is a civil infrastructure company from Hyderabad.   
“The project includes three power houses on Saurashtra branch canal totalling 45 MW capacity.  The project is to be completed within 24 months. Power produced from these plants will offset power required for canal operation to some extent and hence stimulate the energy conservation activity for the project,” a company statement here claimed.  This is the largest hydel order received by Jyoti Ltd. till date.
The company has received major orders totalling to about Rs 441.06 crore since April 2014 till date and at present has pending orders of Rs 900 crore.
 Advertisements

US employment growth disappointsLast updated: September 5, 2014 7:16 pm
US jobs growth disappoints
By Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/da607940-34fa-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Saudi Arabia cuts October crude pricesSeptember 5, 2014 6:01 pm
Saudi Arabia cuts October crude prices
By Anjli Raval, Oil and Gas Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3e49b634-34e6-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Marco Matterazi on Chennai TitansradarPress Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: September 5, 2014 10:25 pm
Former Italian World Cup winner Marco Materazzi, who was famously head-butted by Zinedine Zidane in the 2006 summit match, could become the marquee manager-cum-player of Chennai Titans in the upcoming Indian Super League.
Sources said representatives from the Chennai franchise have had a discussion with the former Inter Milan centre-back and also offered him a contract.
A team from Chennai Titans had travelled to Rome to hold discussions with Brazilian star footballer Ronaldinho and while there has been no official confirmation in that regard, it is being learnt that they were successful in meeting Materazzi.
“Yes, we met him (Materazzi) in Rome and offered him a contract. Let’s see what happens, we are keeping our fingers crossed,” a source involved in working out the negotiation said.
“The franchise is looking at different options and we are not in a position to say anything in confirmation now,” he said.
Other Chennai Titans officials refused to come on record about the latest development.
The Italian defender had in May visited India as a representative of Inter Milan for their football development project. He then held talks with Sun Group of Bangalore franchisee, which recently pulled out of the ISL to pave the way for Chennai’s entry.
Considered one of the top defenders of his generation, Materazzi retired from Inter Milan in 2011.
The inaugural edition of ISL is slated to be held in different venues across the country from October 12-December 20.

Watch out for tail risk in ScotlandSeptember 5, 2014 12:39 pm
Watch out for ‘tail risk’ in Scotland
By Andrew Bolger and Delphine Strauss
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3986b3ce-3453-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How Hackers Can Copy Everything on Your PhoneAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Mapping the winners and losers in summer rainfallMapping the winners and losers in summer rainfall
By Jordan Tessler
June, July, and August precipitation as a percentage of average. (Jordan Tessler/NWS AHPS)
 
When it comes to precipitation this summer, there were winners, and there were losers. Unfortunately for an area that has been stricken with one of the worst droughts in history, these maps are not what the West was looking for.
When we look at precipitation over the last three months as a percent of what normally falls, the western states are still bone dry, keeping them solidly locked in a historic drought. Large areas of California got less than 50 percent of their normal precipitation, and this dryness extended into Nevada, Oregon, and Washington. Northern California and the Central Valley got hit hardest with less than a quarter of the rain that they normally see.
California doesn’t receive much rain during the summer months to begin with — most areas only average under an inch. But these locations received even less than that, with some areas not tallying more than one-tenth an inch of rain.
Related: Global warming to heighten risk of Southwest megadroughts
While the West was the big loser in terms of summer precip, they were not alone. The deep South ended up in the group as did the Four Corners, South Texas, and southern New England, along with other smaller regions dotted across the Midwest and Ozarks.
In the winner’s circle we have those whose rainfall pool is overflowing. Large swathes of the High Plains, Midwest, and Mississippi Valley, the Ohio Valley, the Lower Colorado Valley and New Mexico were wetter than normal. In Montana, the eastern part of the state got more than twice what they normally see all summer.
Eastern North Carolina, which got lashed by Hurricane Arthur in the beginning of July, shows up in the wetter-than-average group — the only large part of the Carolinas to get above average precipitation in an unusually dry region otherwise.
The maps below show what actually fell and what normally falls during the summer months of June, July, and August.
Observed precipitation for the months of June, July, and August in 2014. (Jordan Tessler/NWS AHPS)
Average precipitation for June, July, and August. (Jordan Tessler/NWS AHPS)
In the Mid-Atlantic, there was more wet than dry, but while the Baltimore area got dumped on, the mountains of West Virginia and patches of Southern Maryland and eastern Virginia ended up a bit drier than normal.  The corridors of heavy rain from flash flooding in early August are clearly visible: Northern Virginia, the Baltimore area, Kent and Queen Anne’s counties in Maryland.
The summer months continued the overall pattern that has dominated the country most of the year – the west is drying up while the central and eastern states soak.
June, July, and August precipitation over the Mid-Atlantic as a percentage of average. (Jordan Tessler/NWS AHPS)

Weekend events will add to trafficBy Robert Thomson September 5 Follow @RT_Thomson
Athletes emerge from Potomac River during the 2013 Nation’s Triathlon. (Brian W. Knight)
The summer lull in weekend events is over. Several outdoor activities are likely to generate extra traffic and congestion. Meanwhile, road and rail work continues throughout the D.C. region.
Here’s a review of what to watch for, starting with the events and wrapping up with the transportation projects that may slow your weekend travels.
Beat the Deadline 5K
The National Press Club’s Beat the Deadline 5K race is scheduled for 7:30 to 9:30 a.m. in downtown Washington. Roadways along the route will be closed during this time. This is the route: Starting in the 1300 block of F Street NW, east on F Street, south on 13th Street NW, east on Pennsylvania Avenue NW, south on Third Street NW to Third Street SW and D Street SW, then a U-turn and back north on Third Street to westbound Pennsylvania Avenue, north on 13th Street and back to the finish up where the run started.
See a course map on the event’s Web site.
Arlington Police & Fire Memorial 9/11 5K
Arlington County Police Department will close several streets around the Pentagon and in Crystal City on Saturday for the Arlington Police & Fire Memorial 9/11 5K race. The event, likely to draw 4,500 participants, is unusual in that it begins in the evening. Most weekend road events take place in the morning. So this one could affect your dinner-and-a-show plans.
The race starts at 6 p.m. at the Crystal City DoubleTree Hotel, 300 Army Navy Dr. See a map of the course on the event’s Web site.
From 3 to 8 p.m., police will close Army Navy Drive between South 12th Street and South Eads Street.
From 5:45 to about 6:30 p.m., the westbound side of Army Navy Drive between South Eads Street and South Joyce Street will be closed. All roadways crossing Army Navy Drive, including the access point to southbound Interstate 395, will be closed for about 20 minutes as the runners pass. Also during these hours, South Joyce Street will close from Army Navy Drive to Columbia Pike, Columbia Pike will close from the Pentagon South parking lot to South Joyce Street and the northbound I-395 HOV exit to South Eads Street will be shut.
From 5:45 to about 8 p.m., these routes also will close: Westbound Washington Boulevard from Memorial Bridge to I-395, southbound Route 110 from Rosslyn to South 15th Street, Marshall Drive at Route 110, South Eads Street from Army Navy Drive to South 12th Street and South 12th Street from South Eads Street to Army Navy Drive.
Nation’s Triathlon
This is the big one for the weekend. The annual event, which includes a swim in the Potomac River, a 40K bike ride and a 10K run in the National Mall area, is set to begin at 7 a.m. Sunday and continue through the morning.
Police will close routes along the Mall, Tidal Basin, Potomac Park and Rock Creek Park, as well as the ramps to lower 14th Street SW and westbound Maine Avenue from I-395. The Southeast-Southwest Freeway will be open.
All roadway closings are scheduled to start 6 a.m. Sunday and continue till about 1:15 p.m. The roadways reopen as the last athletes pass by.
See the event’s list of street closings on this page.
Metrorail schedule
It’s a relatively light weekend for Metro’s rebuilding program. All stations will be open, but the train schedules will be different on most lines between 10 p.m. Friday and the rail system’s midnight closing Sunday.
In theory, the trains should be far enough apart so that once a rider boards, there is no delay through the work zone. The theory doesn’t match my experience or that of many riders I hear from. The trains still may bunch up while waiting for several trains moving in the opposite direction to clear the work area where trains must share a single track. So keep that in mind as you read the list of how things are supposed to work this weekend.
Red Line. Crews will install light poles between NoMa-Gallaudet and Rhode Island Avenue. Also, Metro will continue testing its new rail cars between Twinbrook and Shady Grove.
Throughout the weekend, trains are scheduled to leave the ends of the line at Shady Grove and Glenmont every 15 minutes. But between 9 a.m. and 9 p.m. Saturday and Sunday, more trains will be in service between Grosvenor and NoMa-Gallaudet. In that one, trains should reach platforms every eight to 10 minutes.
Those extra trains on Metro’s busiest line are very helpful for the majority of riders. But keep in mind that if you are waiting on a downtown platform for a train back to one of the outer stations, you’re still going to wait 15 minutes.
Orange Line. Crews will be working on the tracks between East Falls Church and West Falls Church. Trains are scheduled to operate every 15 minutes throughout the weekend.
Silver Line. Same work zone as on the Orange Line and same train schedule.
Yellow Line. There’s no work on the line, so trains will be on their normal weekend schedule. But the northbound route will end at Mount Vernon Square, rather than Fort Totten. To continue, wait on the Mount Vernon Square platform for the next Green Line train.
Green Line. Workers will continue building the test track between Prince George’s Plaza and Greenbelt for the testing of new rail cars once mass production starts. Green Line trains are scheduled to operate every 16 minutes, rather than the normal 12 minutes.
I-95/395 HOV lane closings
Work continues this weekend on the 95 Express Lanes project in the middle of I-95/395 in Northern Virginia. The 29-mile-long project is scheduled to be done by the end of the year.
The Virginia Department of Transportation plans to close the HOV lanes between the District and Dumfries Road from 11 p.m. Friday till 8 a.m. Saturday, and then again between 11 p.m. Saturday and 10 a.m. Sunday. A portion of the HOV lanes from the District to the Franconia-Springfield Parkway will stay closed Saturday morning till about 10 o’clock.
HOV lane hours changing back
This coming week, VDOT will change the times as which the I-95/I-395 HOV lanes reverse travel directions. The HOV lanes will remain open to northbound traffic until 11 a.m. weekdays and reopen to southbound traffic by 1 p.m. For the past two months, the reversible lanes have been on a modified schedule designed to accommodate summer traffic heading south through the express lanes construction zone.
Ride On bus schedule changes
Montgomery County’s Ride On bus system will change the schedules on these routes starting Sunday: 16, 25, 26, 43, 56, 58, 61, 70, 83, 90. For details on the routes, see this page on the Ride On Web site.
Robert Thomson is The Washington Post’s “Dr. Gridlock.” He answers travelers’ questions, listens to their complaints and shares their pain on the roads, trains and buses in the Washington region.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=local, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409936243/1409936243000/1409936243 tracking: {authors=Robert Thomson, blog_name=dr-gridlock, content_category=Local, in_url_headline=weekend-events-will-add-to-traffic, post_id=29582, section={section=local, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 4:57:23 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 4:57:23 PM

How bad is gun violence in Chicago Navy doctors are now training there.Faran Bokhari, the head of the trauma department at Cook County’s Stroger Hospital in Chicago, prepares to join a team for surgery on a gunshot victim. (Nam Y. Huh/Associated Press)
How do you prepare Navy doctors for a war zone? Send them to a Chicago trauma unit.
A new partnership with a Cook County hospital is allowing military medical personnel access to the trauma patients that it serves in Chicago, which is grappling with so much gun violence on its South and West sides that some people have taken to calling the city “ Chiraq .”
“It’s important to get them this kind of training here, so they can see how to stop that bleeding and save that life,” Lt. Cmdr. Stan Hovell, a Navy nurse who worked in a rotation at the hospital, told the Chicago Tribune . “They pick up those skills and carry it back to the Navy.”
In a phone interview with The Post on Friday, Faran Bokhari, the head of Stroger Hospital’s trauma department, said the hospital’s unit is well-suited for the training not necessarily because of the level of violence in Chicago, but rather because of the volume of patients it receives, and the wide variety of cases that doctors treat.
“The guys are actually very good, the Navy personnel — they’re excellent,” Bokhari said. “And I think the reason that they are excellent is that they really want to do a good job.”
Navy medical teams already work at a North Chicago health care center , the AP reported, but Stroger has one of the busiest trauma units in the county and offers unique training opportunities for doctors — and the chance to keep their skills sharp.
“Some of them are very experienced,” Bokhari told the Chicago Tribune . “They’re not green medical students out of la-la land. They’ve seen the blood and guts.”
During the July 4 weekend, for example, Navy Petty Officer 2nd Class Dwight Koontz worked on a man who was being treated for multiple gunshot wounds. “He had 15 holes in him,” Koontz told the AP. “It took about two hours for us to get him stable enough to get him to surgery.”
The man lived. More than 80 people were shot in Chicago over the long holiday weekend , and 14 of those shootings were fatal. Through Sept. 5, there have been 1,305 shooting victims in the city, according to the Chicago Tribune .
Jared Bernard, a Navy trauma surgeon, said he recalled a patient who suffered a transpelvic gunshot wound — which went from the man’s right side of his pelvis to his left — that was similar to the type of injury one might see overseas. (That man also lived.) At the North Chicago hospital, Bernard doesn’t preform trauma procedures; he treats hernias and removes gallbladders — those types of procedures, but he’s also been deployed twice to Afghanistan.
“We need to be on top of our game,” Bernard said. “Because it’s a busy world out there now, and our corpsman need to be ready for whenever we call on them.”
Here’s a (somewhat graphic) 2012 video that shows what Stroger’s trauma team typically deals with. (If the sight of blood makes you squeamish, just skip this part.)
Navy personnel also train in Los Angeles, where gang violence has left doctors treating a steady stream of stabbing and shooting victims. “It’s a shame that Los Angeles has so much violence,” surgeon John Newman told the Los Angeles Times in 2003, “but from a training standpoint — fantastic.”
[This post has been updated.]
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409937821/1409937821000/1409937821 tracking: {authors=Sarah Larimer, blog_name=post-nation, content_category=National, in_url_headline=how-bad-is-the-gun-violence-in-chicago-navy-doctors-are-now-training-there, post_id=11027, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 5:23:41 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 5:23:41 PM

NORAD fighter jets are escorting a plane over the AtlanticBy Mark Berman September 5 Follow @markberman
Fighter jets were dispatched by the North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) on Friday to escort an unresponsive small aircraft flying over the Atlantic Ocean, but the plane continued and eventually crashed near Jamaica, officials said. 
This plane, a small Socata TBM-700 , originally took off from Rochester, N.Y., with a flight plan that said it was heading to Naples, Fla. It had departed from Greater Rochester International Airport on Friday just before 8:30 a.m. and was scheduled to land at Naples Municipal Airport at noon.
The plane’s pilot stopped responding to radio calls at 10 a.m., a spokeswoman for the Federal Aviation Administration said. Air traffic controllers with the FAA continued to track the plane as it flew south, passing by the southern coast of Florida at an altitude of about 25,000 feet.
The unresponsive plane crashed into the ocean about 14 miles off the coast of Port Antonio, Jamaica, at about 2:15 p.m., according to the FAA. The agency said it was unable to confirm the number of people on board.
NORAD said that the situation may have involved hypoxia, or a low level of oxygen.
The plane belonged to Larry Glazer, a Rochester developer, according to the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle . In the hours after the plane crashed, officials in the city and state offered their condolences and confirmed that Glazer and his wife, Jane, were on the plane.
“I join the residents of Rochester during this difficult week in mourning the loss of Larry and Jane Glazer in today’s tragic plane crash,” New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said in a statement. “The Glazers were innovative and generous people who were committed to revitalizing downtown Rochester and making the city they loved a better place for all. I offer my deepest condolences to the Glazers’ family and friends during this difficult and trying time.”
Attempts to reach Buckingham Properties , Glazer’s real estate development and property management company in Rochester, were unsuccessful. The company, which Glazer co-founded in 1970, owns or manages dozens of properties spanning more than 9 million square feet in the larger Rochester region, according to its site.
Model airplane with Larry and Jane Glazer’s name on it in an office window at Buckingham Properties @DandC pic.twitter.com/wSC52smaxj
— Lauren Petracca (@LaurenPetracca) September 5, 2014
“It is difficult to put into words how much Larry Glazer has meant to our community,” Rochester Mayor Lovely A. Warren and City Council president Loretta C. Scott said in a joint statement. “Larry worked hard to return a sense of vitality and excitement to our Center City. His efforts helped to lift our spirits and restore our sense of optimism. He has been a treasured friend and partner.”
After it was unable to communicate with the plane on Friday morning, the FAA contacted NORAD, which said it dispatched two F-15 fighter jets to investigate the aircraft at 11:30 a.m. These pilots saw that the unresponsive plane’s windows were frosted when they approached, a spokesman for NORAD said. 
The U.S. Coast Guard has begun a search and rescue mission in the area where the plane crashed, according to NORAD. The Coast Guard, which said three people were reportedly on the plane, said it was sending a C-130 from Clearwater, Fla., to look for the aircraft along with Jamaican authorities. 
Shortly before 1:30 p.m., NORAD said that the unresponsive plane entered Cuban airspace, so the U.S. fighter jets broke off. NORAD said that its two F-15 fighter jets returned to their base after 2 p.m. for refueling, while NORAD used radar to monitor the unresponsive aircraft as it left Cuban airspace.
Developing: An unresponsive U.S. plane that took off from Rochester is now flying over Cuba. (map: @flightaware ) pic.twitter.com/t1KROLUhWH — Mashable (@mashable) September 5, 2014
The plane from New York is the second U.S. aircraft to become unresponsive and crash in the ocean in less than a week. Last Saturday, NORAD sent two F-16 fighter jets to respond to a plane that took off in Wisconsin and was heading to Manassas, Va., near Washington, D.C. The plane  crashed into the Atlantic Ocean , about 140 miles away from Washington.
NORAD, which monitors airspace over the U.S. and Canada, also sent two CF-18 fighter jets to escort a plane flying to Toronto last week. That aircraft landed safely and the Canadian fighter jets returned to their base.
Related: More about the Socata TBM-700 .
This post has been updated. First published: 1:13 p.m. Last updated: 5:44 p.m.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He anchors Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409943941/1409943941000/1409943941 tracking: {authors=Mark Berman, blog_name=post-nation, content_category=National, in_url_headline=fighter-jets-are-escorting-a-plane-over-the-atlantic, post_id=11050, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 7:05:41 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 7:05:41 PM

Artist plans to showcase stolen Jennifer Lawrence  Kate Upton photos in gallery exhibitionBy Emily Yahr September 5 Follow @emilyyahr
Actress Jennifer Lawrence smiles on the red carpet at the 71st annual Golden Globe Awards. (Danny Moloshok/Reuters}
While news about hundreds of nude celebrity photos stolen from Jennifer Lawrence, Kate Upton and others have thrown the Internet into a frenzy, one artist has decided to take advantage of the madness.
Los Angeles artist XVALA will showcase some uncensored images of the stars, among others,  as part of his new exhibition, titled “No Delete,” next month at Cory Allen Contemporary Art’s The Showroom in St. Petersburg, Fla.
“We share our secrets with technology,” XVALA said in a statement describing the project. “And when we do, our privacy becomes accessible to others.”
On the gallery’s Web site, XVALA’s states his goal is to “disappear from the Internet.”
XVALA has become a connoisseur of personal, illicit celebrity images on the Internet — he’s been building a collection via Google for years for this art project. The release notes he gained attention in 2007 by elaborately framing a photo of Britney Spears with a shaved head. He also posted the stolen nude Scarlett Johansson pictures around Los Angeles; he used “Fear Google” stickers he created to cover the “intimate” areas on the photos. Those and many more will be included in the “No Delete” exhibit.
The exhibit immediately drew criticism and accusations of exploitation for displaying the stolen explicit photos in a public space. “We don’t condone anybody hacking or taking advantage of anyone. This is not about that. The artist is trying to make a statement,” said publicist Cory Allen, who owns the gallery.
XVALA’s project is a commentary on the current social climate and how no one has privacy in the digital age, Allen said. It also involves ideas about the culture of fame and celebrity, and how everyone feels entitled to know information about people in the spotlight.
One problem with the recently leaked photos — both Lawrence and Upton’s representatives have promised legal action against anyone who published or distributed them. Plus, there’s that whole matter of the FBI investigating the situation .
“We’re not sharing or posting the images – the artist is creating art out of the images,” said Allen when asked about the possible legal ramifications. He added they haven’t looked closely into the legal attributes of it yet, since XVALA has been working on the exhibit for such a long time; he plans to make canvas prints out of these particular photos.
Why now? The two had been discussing this idea for awhile, but when the Lawrence story broke this week, it seemed like the right time to set a date for the exhibit. Especially because many people started getting angry when they realized the lack of security that exists for anyone at any time.  “We immediately saw the dialogue that was happening and felt strongly that it was time to act,” Allen said.
The Lawrence and Upton photos, he clarified, are only a small part of the exhibit — XVALA’s other photos that he’s been collecting for years will make up the rest of the project. There are photos of many other stars, men and women, in various states. Not all of them are nude. “In fact, a large portion of them aren’t,” Allen said.
He said that despite criticisms of the exhibit, they’re not trying to “exploit” anyone. It’s more about “how we exploited ourselves” as a society.
XVALA doesn’t appear too concerned about consequences. “I hope we don’t need an attorney,” he told LA Weekly . “I’m taking them off the Internet and putting them into a new medium that is transformative. I’ll be using them as commentary.”
The Showroom, described as “the world’s first public relations gallery,” is supposed to “blend the mechanics of public relations and the traditional characteristics of a fine arts gallery into an installation that mirrors the internet.”
“XVALA appropriating celebrity compromised images and the overall ‘Fear Google’ campaign has helped strengthen the ongoing debate over privacy in the digital era,” Allen said in the release. “The commentary behind this show is a reflection of who we are today.”
Emily Yahr is an entertainment reporter and pop culture blogger for the Style section. She joined the Post in May 2008, a week before she graduated from the University of Maryland, and worked on Lisa de Moraes' TV Column and blog.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=lifestyle, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409936225/1409936225000/1409936225 tracking: {authors=Emily Yahr, blog_name=style-blog, content_category=Lifestyle, in_url_headline=artist-plans-to-showcase-stolen-jennifer-lawrence-kate-upton-photos-in-gallery-exhibition, post_id=32873, section={section=lifestyle, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 4:57:05 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 4:57:05 PM

One the Nationalss most eligible bachelors is ready to pop the question.Comments
By Erin C.J. Robertson September 5
Nationals pitcher Gio Gonzalez has a sweet theory on how he landed on the summer cover of Washington Life magazine: It was all thanks to his girlfriend of two years (and co-cover star) Bérénice “Léa” Mourés.
Once one of the team’s most eligible bachelors, Gonzalez told us, “I don’t think I’d make the cover if she wasn’t on there.”
The Reliable Source caught up with the 28-year-old pitcher at a rooftop party thrown by the society magazine on Thursday night. Perhaps it was the heat and humidity, with an ever so slight breeze, or the twinkle of the D.C. skyline that led Gonzalez to open up about the future he sees with Mourés, but the gushing didn’t stop.
“She’s unbelievable, one of the most beautiful women alive,” Gonzalez continued.
Hmm, so does that mean Gonzalez hears the distant chime of wedding bells?
“I actually have to do my part by putting something beautiful on her finger,” he said, adding that the big moment might come “sooner than what you think.” Gonzalez wouldn’t reveal any details on exactly how he plans to pitch — er, pop the question — but as a traditionalist, he said he’d make sure to ask Mourés’s father for permission first.
With the rooftop of the Graham Georgetown packed body to body, Gonzalez and guests cooled off with sips of the signature cocktail, dubbed the “Gio Pitcher,” featuring James E. Pepper 1776 rye whiskey. In between small talk that doubled back to the temperature, guests nibbled on an assortment of hors d’oeuvres.
Guests sipped a signature cocktail made with James E. Pepper 1776 rye whiskey called the “Gio Pitcher.” It was a hit! pic.twitter.com/Y7JVhkbf3p
— Erin C.J. Robertson (@ECJRobertson) September 5, 2014
Other VIPs in attendance besides Gonzalez and his future Mrs. were Nats second baseman Danny Espinosa, actor Vincent De Paul, and “House of Cards” casting director Kimberly Skyrme.
VIP guests were hand-selected; House of Cards casting director @KimberlySkyrme , actor @VincentDePaul21 & John Arundel pic.twitter.com/jEBnA1GBjN — Erin C.J. Robertson (@ECJRobertson) September 5, 2014
Skyrme was hushed about the details of “House of Cards” season 3, which is currently in production. Though, she says it won’t disappoint.
More from The Reliable Source:

Economy creates 142 000 jobs in August  jobless rate at 6.1%Economy creates 142,000 jobs in August, jobless rate at 6.1%
U.S. add 142K jobs, August unemployment rate 6.1%
The U.S. economy added a lower than expected 142,000 jobs.
The U.S. economy added a lower than expected 142,000 jobs.
Reuters
Unemployment and Layoffs Job Reports and Statistics Job Market Finance Economy
Surprise: Economy creates just 142,000 jobs in August
U.S. employers hired the fewest number of workers in eight months in August and more Americans gave up the hunt for jobs, providing a cautious Federal Reserve with more reasons to wait longer before raising interest rates.
Nonfarm payrolls increased 142,000 last month, the Labor Department said on Friday. The unemployment rate fell one-tenth of a percentage point to 6.1 percent as people dropped out of the labor force.
Chart: U.S. unemployment rate, change in non-farm payrolls Read the story
June and July data were revised to show 28,000 fewer jobs created than previously reported. In addition, manufacturing saw no job growth and retail payrolls declined for the first time since February.
“Clearly its disappointing, but the preponderance of evidence is that the economy is still gaining a lot of traction,” said Russell T. Price, senior economist at Ameriprise Financial in Troy, Michigan.
U.S. stock index futures pared losses on the data as traders reduced bets for an early interest rate increase. U.S. Treasury debt yields fell to session lows and the dollar fell against a basket of currencies.
8
Interest rate futures, which had been pointing to a likely rate hike in June of next year, rose to suggest less of a chance. However, they still showed dealers expect the Fed to bump up borrowing costs in July.
Economists had expected payrolls to increase 225,000 in August and the unemployment rate to fall to 6.1 percent.
The surprise slowdown in job growth is at odds with labor market indicators such as first-time applications for unemployment benefits, which are hovering near their pre-recession levels.
In addition, manufacturing and service sector surveys showed strong employment growth in August and household perceptions of the labor market brightened significantly, which economists said were consistent with tightening conditions.
Some economists had cautioned that payrolls could miss expectations, noting that August is a generally weak month because of problems adjusting the data for seasonal variations.
The trend in the past has been for the government to revise August payrolls higher.
NUMBER OF LONG-TERM UNEMPLOYED EASES
Fed Chair Janet Yellen is concerned about sluggish wage growth, the still-elevated numbers of Americans working part-time even though they want full-time employment, and Americans still suffering from a long spell of joblessness.
@jhanzel - Year 6 of the Wreckcovery. A broken clock is eventually right
Barry3
6
The U.S. central bank has pointed to these metrics as evidence of “significant underutilization” of labor market resources that merits a stimulative monetary policy.
The labor force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, fell to 62.8 percent in August from 62.9 percent in July.
But the other metrics on Yellen's so-called dashboard showed improvement in August.
A broad measure of joblessness that includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those working part-time because they cannot find full-time employment fell to 12.0 percent, the lowest level since October 2009, from 12.2 percent in July.
The number of long-term unemployed Americans was the lowest since January 2009 and there was a decline in those working part-time for economic reasons.
Average hourly earnings rose 6 cents in August, which left them up 2.1 percent from a year ago.
The jobs data comes ahead of a Fed policy meeting on Sept. 16-17. The central bank has kept benchmark lending rates near zero since December 2008 and financial markets do not foresee an increase until around the middle of next year.
The private sector accounted for the bulk of the increase in payrolls in August, advancing 134,000 after rising 213,000 in July. Government employment increased 8,000 as state governments hired teachers at the start of the new school year.
Manufacturing payrolls were the weakest in a year. The sector had added a hefty 28,000 jobs in July, which reflected a decision by automakers to keep assembly lines running in the summer. Auto payrolls fell 4,600, the first decline since March.
Construction employment advanced 20,000, rising for an eighth straight month. The length of the average workweek held steady at 34.5 hours for a sixth month in a row

Indian co to begin Australia s largest developmentThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Home Ministry directs NDMC to replace four membersHome Ministry directs NDMC to replace four members
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sep 5:  
The Union Home Ministry today directed the NDMC to reconstitute the Council by replacing four of its members.
In a notification received by the New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) late evening, the Home Ministry has asked the civic body to replace Tajdar Babar, Ashok Ahuja, Suka Ram and I A Siddique, NDMC officials said.
The four will be replaced by Karan Singh Tanwar, B S Bhatt, Anita Arya and Abdul Rashid Ansari.
Tanwar, who will join as the NDMC Vice Chairman, was an elected BJP council member earlier for several years till he was defeated by current Delhi Cantonment MLA Surinder Singh in the 2013 Delhi Assembly Elections. He will now be a member alongside Singh.
Anita Arya is a former BJP MP from Karol Bagh and former Delhi Mayor B S Bhatt is a social activist, NDMC officials said.
According to the NDMC Act, the Council comprises 13 members, out of which four are nominated and three are elected. The four are nominated by the Central government in consultation with the Delhi Chief Minister.
The rest are officers with Central and Delhi government.
The elected members include BJP MP from New Delhi Meenakshi Lekhi, sitting MLA from New Delhi and former Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal and Surinder Singh.
As per the 2011 amendment, the MP and MLA of the New Delhi Lok Sabha and Assembly constituency, and MLA of Delhi Cantonment constituency automatically become members of the council.
The decision of replacement has been taken before the expiry of the term of the replaced members. Their tenure is due to expire in 2016.
“When UPA government came to the Centre, we did not replace then BJP council members till the expiry of their terms. They should have not taken this step,” said Tajdar Babar, NDMC Vice Chairperson, who was replaced by Tanwar.
“This is unlawful. Like they replaced the Governors in various states with their own people, they are doing the same in NDMC,” Ashok Ahuja said.
“In apprehension, we had earlier filed a petition with the Delhi High Court in this connection and the court has directed us to go to it in case the Centre takes such a step.
“Now as soon as they give us the notification, terminating our membership, we will go to the court,” he said.
The four new members will be sworn-in by Lt Governor Najeeb Jung tomorrow, officials said.
Jalaj Shrivastava remains the chairperson of NDMC.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Rocket Internet to merge Jabong with 4 e-Commerce cosApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Gujarat set to double its spinning capacity by FY 16Vinay Umarji |  Ahmedabad Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 08:59 PM IST
Gujarat set to double its spinning capacity by FY 16
Expects to double its capacity from current 2 million spindles to 4 million spindles
On the back of capacity additions or new projects being undertaken by the likes of Vardhman, Sintex and Sumeet Industries, among others, the state of Gujarat is expecting to double its spinning capacity from current 2 million spindles to 4 million spindles in an year. The spinning capacity addition is expected to come at an overall estimated project cost of over Rs 500 crore.
While Sumeet Industries, which has set up a spinning unit in Dahej, is expected to see a capacity of around 100,000 spindles in over an year, Sintex Group's Bharat Vijay Mills (BVM) is adding 600,000 spindles to its current 20,000 spindles capacity, according to respective company sources.
On the other hand, the likes of Vardhman and Oswal Spinning are set to come up with spinning units with spindle capacity running in several hundred thousands. In all, the total investment in spinning sector is expected to be in the range of Rs 500-700 crore.
"In an year, we expect the total spinning capacity in the state to double from current 2 million spindles to another 4 million spindles. Major companies like Arvind, Sintex, Sumeet and Vardhman have approached the state government for the spinning sector," said a senior state government official. However, when asked, Jayesh Shah, director and CFO of Arvind Ltd. declined any such plans to set up a spinning unit as of now.
According to the state government official, the capacity addition in spinning sector is set to boost consumption of cotton within the state for producing cotton yarn, given the growing domestic demand. So much so that Sumeet Industries, which had earlier planned a polyester yarn unit in Dahej under its new entity Sumeet Polypower Ltd. changed its plans in favour of a cotton spinning unit, said a company official on condition of anonymity. Vardhman and Oswal Spinning could not be contacted.
It needs to be mentioned here that some of the companies had also signed memorandums of understanding (MoUs) in this regard in the previous edition of Vibrant Gujarat Summit 2013. Buoyed by the MoUs, the state government had set a target of installing 2.5 million spindles.
However, given the rapid pace of capacity additions in the spinning sector, the state is expected to revise its target. "We are encouraged by the number of spinning units coming up in the state. Our earlier target is expected to be achieved soon in an year. Hence, we expect to do more than the previous target in the coming years," the official added.
 Advertisements

GVK EMRI ties up with Aussie instituteBS Reporter |  Hyderabad Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 08:48 PM IST
GVK EMRI ties up with Aussie institute
The MoU is aimed at developing model regional trauma systems linking ambulance and hospital services, protocols to guide treatment and transport of patients
GVK EMRI, an integrated emergency services provider, has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with National Trauma Research Institute (NTRI) of Australia.
The MoU is aimed at developing model regional trauma systems linking ambulance and hospital services, protocols to guide treatment and transport of patients, training in trauma care and emergency system leadership, strengthening communications, system monitoring and oversight, demonstrating effectiveness of integrated systems on patients and costs and providing financial models to support sustainable systems.
“This event is a historical milestone. The technical knowhow of NTRI Australia combined with the experience of GVK EMRI in Indian conditions will accelerate developments in trauma care many fold. Through this initiative we will be able to contribute towards saving many more lives,” GVK group chairman and managing director, GVK Reddy, stated in a release.
NTRI is a department of Alfred Health with a close association with Monash University in Victoria, Australia, focusing on reducing death and disability from trauma, and improving the quality of life of survivors of trauma, through more effective treatments, and better trauma systems.
GVK EMRI operates in 15 states and two Union Territories. The service covers more than 750 million people - making it the world's largest integrated emergency service provider.
 

Disappointing US jobs data rein in stocksLast updated: September 5, 2014 9:22 pm
Wall Street shrugs off soft payrolls data
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6a5bbdb2-34af-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Swiss watch industry is awaiting Apples smartwatch launch next week as anxiously as consumersSeptember 5, 2014 2:05 pm
Swiss watch industry awaits Apple smartwatch
By Elizabeth Paton
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/56dc7f4e-012c-11e4-a938-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cease-fire takes hold in Ukraine after dealsignedThe Ukrainian president declared a cease-fire on Friday to end nearly five months of fighting in the nation's east region. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Belarus | Posted: September 5, 2014 11:20 pm
A cease-fire took hold Friday night in eastern Ukraine after the president’s representative signed a deal with Russian-backed separatists in an effort to bring an end to nearly five months of fighting.
President Petro Poroshenko said he ordered government forces to stop hostilities at 6 p.m. following a protocol signed by representatives of Ukraine, Russia, the rebels and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe at talks Friday in Minsk, the Belarusian capital.
“Human life is of the highest value. And we need to do everything that is possible and impossible to stop the bloodshed and end people’s suffering,” Poroshenko said in a statement.
The Donetsk separatists said on Twitter that they also have ceased fire.
After announcing the cease-fire, negotiators met for two more hours and agreed upon the withdrawal of all heavy weaponry, the release of all prisoners and the delivery of humanitarian aid to devastated cities in eastern Ukraine, Heidi Tagliavini of the OSCE told reporters in Minsk.
Mikhail Zurabov, the Russian ambassador to Ukraine who also signed the deal, described the exchange of lists of more than 1,000 prisoners from each side as a “breakthrough.”
Poroshenko said a prisoner exchange could begin as early as Saturday and international monitors from the OSCE would keep watch over the cease-fire.
With the cease-fire deal, Russian President Vladimir Putin may hope to avert a new round of sanctions, which the European Union leaders ordered Friday to be prepared.
Since mid-April, Moscow-backed separatists have been fighting government troops in eastern Ukraine in a conflict the U.N. estimates has killed nearly 2,600 people and forced hundreds of thousands to flee their homes.
“The cease-fire will allow us to save not only civilians lives, but also the lives of the people who took up arms in order to defend their land and ideals,” said Alexander Zakharchenko, the rebel leader from the Donetsk region.
Igor Plotnitsky, leader of the separatist Luhansk region, also told reporters that his forces would respect the cease-fire.
Moscow has denied reports by Ukraine, NATO and Western nations that it was backing the mutiny with weapons, supplies, and even with thousands of regular troops. But a NATO military officer told The Associated Press that the number of Russian soldiers directly involved in the conflict has grown past NATO’s earlier estimate of at least 1,000.
Leonid Kuchma, a former president of Ukraine, represented Poroshenko at the talks.
“There was a genuine desire that there will be peace in that region. I think we will achieve it,” Kuchma said. He added, however, that even though both Poroshenko and the separatist leaders have ordered their forces to stop fighting “it doesn’t mean that someone will not fire from behind the corner.”
Kuchma said they will set up a task force by continued…

Akram suggests lack of IPL hurting EnglandWasim Akram feels England's lack of participation in IPL is to be blamed for their string of poor run in ODI.(Source: Reuters)
Reuters | Mumbai | Posted: September 5, 2014 1:36 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 1:38 pm
Not playing the Indian Premier League is the reason behind England’s struggles in the shorter formats, former Pakistan captain Wasim Akram said, a day after England great Ian Botham called for the rich Twenty20 competition to be scrapped.
England were thumped 4-1 in Australia in their one-day international series at the beginning of the year and also lost recent series at home against Sri Lanka and India.
Critics have flayed England’s strategy and selections for the shorter formats, with some suggesting that the team does not care about anything other than Test cricket.
“England may pretend as much as they can, but they do get affected by losses in ODI cricket,” the 48-year-old Akram, one of the all-time best pace bowlers of the world, wrote in a column published in Friday’s Times of India newspaper.
“They just pretend to be not interested in the 50-over format. The only reason they are not good in one-day cricket right now is because they have a limited talent pool for the format.”
England are currently ranked fifth in the world in ODIs and few would wager on them in next year’s 50-over World Cup in Australia and New Zealand, a trophy the country has never won.
While former England all-rounder Botham believes the franchise-based IPL has become too powerful and could be fuelling corruption in the game, Akram thinks not playing in the tournament is hurting England.
While India, Australia, South Africa and Sri Lanka – the teams ranked above England in the ODI ranking – all play the IPL in full, Kevin Pietersen, who was sacked by the country’s cricket board, was the only England international in the tournament earlier this year.
Some English players made themselves unavailable to prepare for the summer’s Test matches but others went unsold, being unable to commit for the full duration of the April-May tournament due to the clash with the county season.
Former England captain Pietersen recently said that 50-over world champions India had benefited from the tournament as their younger players were given the opportunity to play with and against the world’s best.
Akram, one of Pakistan’s main architects during their World Cup triumph in 1992, agreed.
“Australia, India and South Africa play all year around in the shorter formats. Also all these players play IPL,” Akram added. “That has helped their cause.
“England used to have a few players in IPL, but even that has stopped. That is the reason why they are struggling big time in the shorter formats.”

Hamilton suffers electrical gremlins at MonzaLewis Hamilton was the fastest in Monza in the first free practice on Friday. (Source: Reuters)
Reuters | Monza | Posted: September 5, 2014 4:23 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 11:29 pm
Electrical gremlins held up Lewis Hamilton in Italian Grand Prix practice on Friday after the Mercedes driver had lapped more than half a second quicker than anyone else in the morning session.
The Briton, who retired from the race in Belgium 12 days ago after team mate and championship leader Nico Rosberg hit the back of his car, missed an hour of the afternoon running as mechanics replaced sensors on his car.
Hamilton was still fastest overall on the day, with a best time of one minute, 26.187 seconds set before lunch. Rosberg was top of the afternoon timesheets with a best of 1:26.225, just ahead of his team mate.
“Hopefully I’ll be able to have the full session tomorrow and get some good running,” said Hamilton, who has had more than his share of mechanical problems this season while Rosberg has motored on.
“Monza is quite an important circuit to put the car at the front as it’s very difficult to overtake here. It would be great to have a trouble-free qualifying tomorrow.”
Jenson Button, Hamilton’s former team mate at McLaren, was second fastest in the morning in 1:26.810 with Rosberg – who has never been on the Monza podium – pushed back to third in 1:26.995.
Hamilton is 29 points behind Rosberg in the championship with seven races remaining and is determined to claw his way back against his German rival, who was punished by the team for the Spa collision.
“I didn’t feel 100 percent confident in the car, so I can’t be happy with today and I have a lot of work to do tonight with the boys,” said Rosberg.
Ferrari’s Fernando Alonso was fourth fastest in both sessions at the fastest circuit on the calendar, with team mate Kimi Raikkonen third in the afternoon.
“That was a very busy day, but a positive one. We made the most of every minute available to us in both sessions,” said Raikkonen, who has never won Ferrari’s home race.
Williams’ Valtteri Bottas was fifth in the second practice after a quiet morning and Button was sixth for McLaren, who last won a race in 2012.
Red Bull’s quadruple world champion Sebastian Vettel, last year’s winner at the ‘cathedral’ of Italian motorsport, was sixth and seventh while Australian team mate Daniel Ricciardo was 16th and 10th.
Ricciardo, as good as Italian to many of the home fans and chasing his third win in a row, was sidelined for some of the first session with a power unit problem.
“Obviously we want to be a bit further up, but I think we can chip away at it tomorrow, the Mercedes will be quick, but if we can sneak into the top five in qualifying then we’ll have a good crack at the race,” said Ricciardo.
“Getting temperature into the tyres is tricky, especially for continued…

Dyson says it out-Roombaed the RoombaDyson says it out-Roombaed the Roomba
By David Goldman   @DavidGoldmanCNN September 5, 2014: 12:16 PM ET
Dyson's new 360 Eye robotic vacuum cleaner features track wheels and a robotic eye.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Robotic vacuums don't exactly have the best reputation. They're easily confused and not particularly good at cleaning -- not exactly worth their $300 to $500 price tags.
But Dyson says it has made a robotic vacuum cleaner that you'll want to consider.
The Dyson 360 Eye features a 360-degree robotic eye that helps it navigate around the room, brushes that span nearly the entire width of the robot and caterpillar track wheels that help it move over obstacles. Dyson claims its robotic vacuum can pick up dirt better than any of the competition -- at least in the first pass.
"Most robotic vacuum cleaners don't see their environment, have little suction, and don't clean properly," said James Dyson, the company's founder. "They are gimmicks. We've been developing ... a genuine labor saving device."
Related: 13 most WTF gadgets
Though Dyson claims that the field of robotic vacuums is sub-par, Consumer Reports actually liked the $450 iRobot Roomba 760, which picked up "every piece of paper, all the cereal and sand, and virtually all the rice" the testers laid down on for their review. The influential magazine also found that iRobot's ( IRBT ) Roomba was able to navigate out of tight spots and around extension cords.
The Dyson 360 Eye will go on sale in Japan in the spring of 2015 before launching in other markets. The company has not yet announced a price.
First Published: September 5, 2014: 12:13 PM ET
Join the Conversation

NORAD Fighter Jets Following Unresponsive Plane Over AtlanticPassed Out Pilot Twice Asked to Descend to Lower Altitude
Sep 5, 2014, 6:37 PM ET
The FlightAware radar map showing the path of an unresponsive plane, Sept. 15, 2014.
FlightAware
Share
Copy
The pilot of a small plane twice sought permission to fly at a lower altitude before he slumped over the controls, apparently unconscious as the plane flew for more than four hours before crashing into the sea off the coast of Jamaica.
But when asked by air traffic controllers if he wanted to declare an emergency, which would have made his request to descend a priority, the pilot said no, sources told ABC News. Shortly after that call, the pilot stopped responding.
Alarm over the plane that would not respond to radio calls prompted the Air Force to send two F-15 jets to shadow the plane. At one point one of the military pilots can be heard saying that the pilot of the turboprop was unconscious, but he appeared to be breathing.
"I can see his chest rising and falling. Right before I left, it was the first time we could see that he was actually breathing," the pilot said.
The turboprop was flown by Larry Glazer and his wife Jane Glazer of Rochester, New York. They were en route from Rochester to Naples, Florida.
Ken Glazer, the son of Larry and Jane Glazer of Rochester, told ABC affiliate WHAM that his parents were the only two people on board the plane.
The aircraft stopped responding to radio calls at 10 a.m. ET, according to a statement from the Federal Aviation Administration .
What Happens When a Plane's Cabin Depressurizes
The plane was flying at 28,000 feet at 10 a.m. when the pilot radioed air traffic controllers seeking permission to descend to 18,000 feet because of an issue with the plane, according to a federal official, an aviation source and live air traffic controller audio. Controllers cleared the plane to descend to 25,000 feet, but Glazer asked to go even lower, the sources said.
Controllers denied him permission to fly lower because of traffic below, but instructed Glazer to turn left so he could get out of traffic and then descend. Glazer made the left turn, but when controllers then gave him clearance to drop to 20,000 feet he had stopped responding, the sources said.
Aviation expert and ABC News consultant John Nance said the pilot’s requests to get to a lower altitude and his debilitation “clearly shows a progressive hypoxic situation,” a condition in which the body does not get an adequate supply of oxygen.
Nance said it wasn’t clear whether the pilot was incapacitated by the rapid depressurization of the cabin or fumes in the cockpit.
Lack of oxygen could have affected Glazer's judgement when he told controllers there was no need to declare an emergency just moments before he passed out.
The plane flew on down the Atlantic coast, crossed over Cuba and apparently ran out of fuel and crashed off the coast of Jamaica about 2:15 p.m.
The fighter jets followed the plane until it reached Cuban airspace. The jets were initially supposed to fly around Cuba’s eastern end and wait in international airspace to pick up the trail, officials said. But the planes instead returned to base to refuel.
Glazer was CEO and managing partner of Buckingham Properties and pioneered Rochester's downtown development.
Rochester Mayor Lovely A. Warren said the city would fly flags at half mast for the Glazers as well as Police Officer Daryl Pierson, who was shot in the line of duty.
"It is difficult to put into words how much Larry Glazer has meant to our community," the mayor said. "Larry worked hard to return a sense of vitality and excitement to our Center City. His efforts helped to lift our spirits and restore our sense of optimism. He has been a treasured friend and partner."
The FAA reported the plane to be a Socata TBM-700, while FlightAware said it believes the aircraft is a TBM-900.
A U.S. Coast Guard C-130 will look for the plane's wreckage, an official said. Jamaica said a search and rescue team had been dispatched to the area.
Related Topics: Jamaica , NORAD , Cuba , Federal Aviation Administration , F-15 Fighter Jet , Air Force , Atlantic Ocean
Join the Discussion
You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer. Please click here to upgrade your browser in order to comment.

German Factory Production Rebounds in JulyAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Replica  Dino Fossil Smuggled Into U.S. Is Real Thing
Six questions Chuck Todd should ask President Obama on Meet the Press this weekendBy Chris Cillizza September 5 Follow @thefix
This Sept. 1, 2013 photo released by NBC shows NBC Political Director Chuck Todd on "Meet the Press" in Washington. (AP Photo by/NBC, William B. Plowman, File)
Newly minted "Meet The Press" moderator Chuck Todd will interview President Obama on Saturday. That interview will air on Sunday's "Meet" -- Todd's inaugural show.
In advance of Todd's sitdown, I brainstormed -- along with some smart political heads in the WaPo newsroom -- a handful of questions Todd could ask that might elicit interesting or illuminating responses from President Obama.  The six best are below. (And, if Chuck asks any of them, I demand an on-air shoutout. I kid. Or do I?)
1. What, specifically, is your timeline for making a decision on using your executive authority in regards the nation's millions of undocumented immigrants?
Obama has been extremely cagey when it comes to the timing of his once-scheduled "summer" executive order regarding millions of undocumented Americans in the country. At a press conference Friday before leaving Wales, Obama dodged a question about whether concerns voiced by Senate Democrats about an announcement on immigration before the election had changed his timing plan at all. "My expectation is that very soon I will be considering what the next steps are," Obama said, saying, well, something. Later, he added that he would make the announcement "soon" -- although whether that means sometime before the Nov. 4  election is anyone's guess. The one on one format should allow Todd to push Obama on specifics far more than he was willing to engage in on Friday. 
2. You've taken a lot of heat for your summation of your foreign policy as " don't do stupid [stuff]. "  So, what sentence (or two) better describes your overall approach to foreign policy?
The last few months of Obama's presidency have been dominated by foreign policy crises -- from the Islamic State in Iraq to Russia's invasion of Ukraine to the fighting in the Middle East. And, through it all, he has had to weather critiques -- from Republicans and even some in his own party -- that he lacks any cohesive foreign policy vision.  While boiling down such a vision to a few sentences is always tricky -- and even trickier for a reporter to get a politician to do -- this seems like an opportunity for Obama to re-set the debate in a meaningful way by introducing a phrase that isn't "don't do stupid [stuff]" into the national (and international) conversation.
3. Despite suffering some setbacks during his time in office, Bill Clinton reshaped the Democratic Party. To what extent have you done that, and which of these changes are most likely to outlast you once you’re gone? (Thanks to Juliet Eilperin for this one.)
This is a double-whammy: It's a smart way to address the Obama legacy questions while also subtly raising the criticism -- or at least the analysis -- that the Obama phenomenon is entirely tied to the president and has not helped his party in any meaningful, long term way. It also forces Obama -- assuming he would play ball with a question like this -- to compare Clinton's legacy to his own. [Rubs hands gleefully.]
4.  Should you have gone golfing after saying you were "heartbroken" about James Foley’s execution ?
If any question gets Obama fired up, it's likely to be one that deals with the criticism he took for his regular golf outings during his two-week vacation on Martha's Vineyard. His critics were loudest on Aug. 20 when, after delivering a statement condemning the beheading of journalist James Foley by the Islamic State, Obama hit the links. Obama insiders defended his decision to do so -- as they did his decision to play golf eight other times during the trip -- insisting that he remained focused on the job of being president no matter where he was.  But, even Democrats spoke out -- some publicly, most privately -- wishing that Obama wouldn't be so resistant to the idea that the s ymbolism of playing golf following Foley's execution was terrible . Obama hasn't been asked directly about that decision. Now would be a good time to do so.
5.  Did you discuss the Ferguson riots with your daughters? What questions did they ask and how did you respond as a father? (Thanks to David Nakamura )
Obama's public statements on the death of Michael Brown and the subsequent clashes between the police and protesters in Ferguson, Missouri were decidedly guarded; he was wary, he and his staff noted, of pre-judging an ongoing investigation. In past incidents involving race and racial tensions -- the Trayvon Martin shooting jumps to mind -- Obama has, after the initial controversy has died down, spoken eloquently and personally about his own experiences as a black man raising two young black women. And, this question doesn't let Obama dodge by saying he doesn't want to prejudice the investigation. Rather, it asks about how this extremely high profile incident of racial unrest impacted his own family -- the first African American family ever to occupy the White House.
6. Would you change your approach to dealing with Congress if  Republicans win the Senate this fall? How?
A betting man would say the likeliest scenario in the Nov. 4 election is a Republican controlled House and Senate. Given Obama's relationship with House Republicans -- daggers drawn -- and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell's stated plans if he becomes Senate Majority Leader , it's hard to imagine things going swimmingly between the occupants of the opposite ends of Pennsylvania Avenue.  That said, it would be interesting to see if Obama would be willing to promise -- or at least threaten -- vetoes of pet Republican legislation. Or whether he would go out of his way to say that he believes a Republican controlled Congress and a Democratic controlled White House could find common ground -- and to elucidate where that ground might be found.
Chris Cillizza writes “The Fix,” a politics blog for the Washington Post. He also covers the White House.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409939575/1409939575000/1409939575 tracking: {authors=Chris Cillizza, blog_name=the-fix, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=six-questions-chuck-todd-should-ask-president-obama-on-meet-the-press-this-weekend, post_id=109805, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 5:52:55 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 5:52:55 PM

The Economist  slavery  and the Irish famineBy Henry Farrell September 5 Follow @henryfarrell
Contemporary sketch of starving peasants in Skibbereen by James Mahoney (Wikipedia/Public Domain)
The Economist is going through a firestorm of criticism because it reviewed a book on slavery and suggested it was biased for taking the slaves’ side. The Economist furthermore suggested that slaves’ accounts of cruel treatment from their masters were an unreliable guide to reality because:
Slave owners surely had a vested interest in keeping their “hands” ever fitter and stronger to pick more cotton. Some of the rise in productivity could have come from better treatment.
The Economist has since apologized for this review and withdrawn it. Even so, its extraordinary blindness to how real life economic power relations work is reminiscent of the magazine’s beginnings in the 19th century, when it fulminated at the very idea that the British government should do anything about the Irish famine that was happening on its doorstep. After all, it was the peasants’ own fault that they were starving.
… the people, rapidly increasing, have been reduced, by acts for which they are chiefly to blame, to a sole reliance on the precarious crop of potatoes. It would be unjust to Ireland – it would be a neglect of a great duty which is imposed on us at this time – if we did not point to this calamity, assuming as it does this aggravated form, as in a great measure the natural result of that crime which has precluded the people from other available resources. That the innocent suffer with the guilty, is a melancholy truth, but it is one of the great conditions on which all society exists. Every breach of the laws of morality and social order brings its own punishment and inconvenience. Where there is not perfect security, there cannot be prosperity. This is the first law of civilization.
In both instances, The Economist’s deep-rooted fondness of laissez faire slipped into a shameful tendency to minimize the human costs of those at the wrong end of the system, whether it was those who suffered and were murdered beneath the whip of slavery or those who starved to death, in part thanks to The Economist’s own vigorous advocacy.
Henry Farrell is associate professor of political science and international affairs at George Washington University. He works on a variety of topics, including trust, the politics of the Internet and international and comparative political economy.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409936306/1409936306000/1409936306 tracking: {authors=Henry Farrell, blog_name=monkey-cage, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=when-the-economist-blamed-irish-peasants-for-starving-to-death, post_id=15291, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 4:58:26 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 4:58:26 PM

Liberated London Fletcher moves into CBS Sports analyst role  says he doesnt miss being on the fieldBy Dan Steinberg September 5 Follow @dcsportsbog
(By Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
London Fletcher retired from the NFL having played in 256 consecutive games, one of the longest streaks in league history. Put him in front of a media scrum and the linebacker was just as dependable: He would never say the wrong thing, would never provide bulletin-board material for the opposition, would virtually never cause a stir or give fodder to headline writers.
Fletcher, though, is out of the locker room now. And in fact, he’s switched sides; this season Fletcher will serve as a studio analyst for CBS Sports Network’s “That Other Pregame Show,” airing from 9 a.m. to 1 on NFL Sundays. So what’s it feel like for a say-the-right-thing stalwart to move into a job where stolid and bland soundbites are no longer valued?
“Liberated!” Fletcher wrote in a recent tweet to ex-teammate Brandon Meriweather . And he wasn’t joking.
“You’ve got to understand, as a player I never really wanted to bring unnecessary attention to our football team,” Fletcher said in a phone conversation. “It’s difficult enough to beat an opponent; when you bring other unnecessary distractions about something you say, it’s just something I never wanted to do. And I was always conscious of that.
“Regardless of how I may have felt about an opponent or a situation, I was conscious about saying the appropriate thing,” Fletcher went on. “When you’re on a team, you have to be cognizant of what you say. That’s the way I looked at it. Now, some people don’t always feel that way, and they may say some things that don’t always help your cause. But now, I’m no longer restricted by being part of a team. I can kind of voice my opinion without worrying about the consequences, so to speak; the affect it would have on the team. …
“When I was in that arena, if I felt like we had an advantage over another team, I wasn’t going to say that to the media, regardless of if I felt that,” Fletcher said. “Now, to be able to just truly speak my mind, it does feel good. It’s liberating.  Sixteen years I’ve been in the National Football League. It is a bit liberating.”
Which might help explain why Fletcher is the rare retired star who says he doesn’t miss the game. At all. When the Redskins opened training camp in July, he was on an airplane heading across the country; “I would rather have been on that flight to L.A. than going to training camp,” he said. The last two seasons his family (including his three children) stayed in Charlotte even during football season; now he can go to flag football practice with his son, go to gymnastics with his daughter, drop them off at school, do “little stuff that people take for granted that’s so important to me.”
He still works out five times a week, but he still has aches and pains from 16 years in the NFL, and said with a laugh that “everything hurts.” When a fan recently wrote to him that he should still be playing in the NFL, he responded , “man I’m old as hell!”
“That was a chapter of my life, I did it, it’s over with, now you move on,” Fletcher said. “Football has been great to me, but as far as playing, I have no desire to play. My desire to do other things is greater. There was nothing else for me to give to the game in that capacity, so I don’t miss it.”
Fletcher started experimenting more in front of cameras in the final years of his career, and he said it was easy to choose media over coaching, at least for now. He started reading the sports page in junior high and continued to read voraciously about the league as an adult — as a player, he would read about all 31 teams except his own. He continued to follow the NFL closely in the months after he retired; “I was doing it anyway,” he noted; “now I just get paid to read about it and talk about it.”
(His favorite source? Newspapers, of course. “I just like the feel of paper,” he confessed. Good man.)
The CBS Sports Network job will mostly take Fletcher away from Charlotte on weekends, although there will be a few weekday trips to New York as well. He still has a lot of friends in Washington and wishes them well; the Ohio native described himself as both a Redskins and a Browns fan for the time being. I mentioned some of the words people used to describe him as a player — dependable, passionate, consistent, committed — and asked how he’d like to be described as an analyst.
“Honest,” he said at once. “Being as honest as possible. Not really being concerned about going with the popular opinion, or going against the popular opinion, but just really saying the way I feel about situations, truly my feelings on them, whether it’s the way most people feel or it goes against the grain. Just being comfortable and true to myself, and true to the people who are watching.”
Dan Steinberg writes about all things DC sports at the DC Sports Bog.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=sports, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409938240/1409938240000/1409938240 tracking: {authors=Dan Steinberg, blog_name=dc-sports-bog, content_category=Sports, in_url_headline=liberated-london-fletcher-moves-into-cbs-sports-analyst-role-says-he-doesnt-miss-being-on-the-field, post_id=44806, section={section=sports, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 5:30:40 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 5:30:40 PM

Singapore companies have  opportunities  in India s manufacturing  energy sectorsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

PM Modi sends 80L SMSes to teachers  studentsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Modi s Teacher s Day event: Delhi pvt schools feel  left outThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Willful Defaulter tag powerful weapon for banks to resolve bad loans: Raghuram RajanThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India  Australia sign landmark civil nuclear dealThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Start investing in hidden gems and value picks to create wealth in lon...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Subrata Roy seeks 10-day extension for stay in makeshift prison officeApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Govt approves import of 1 LT rice from MyanmarApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Paint market to grow 20% annually in next two yearsBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 10:56 PM IST
Paint market to grow 20% annually in next two years
The industry will reach the level of Rs 62,000 cr in the next two years, says the Assocham study Indian Paint Industry: 2014
The Rs 40,600-crore Indian paint industry is likely to see a 20 per cent compounded annual growth rate until 2016, says a study by business chamber Assocham.
This is due to increasing demand from retail consumers, on rapid urbanisation, and development of rural markets. The industry will reach the level of Rs 62,000 crore in the next two years, it said. A rise in disposable income of the average middle class coupled with increasing investment on education, urbanisation, development of the rural market and various launches of many innovative products will be major drivers, it said. India is the second largest consumer of paint in Asia.
“The Indian paint industry has seen a gradual shift in the preferences of people from the traditional whitewash to higher quality paints like emulsions and enamel paints,” said D S Rawat, secretary-general, Assocham.
The rural market grew 20 per cent in 2013-14. Rural India’s incremental consumption expenditure is growing well. And, the rural sector has a major share of the decorative paints segment. Thus, any benefit to the rural sector’s disposable income is directly correlated to the paint industry’s growth.
Besides, decorative paints are marketing well, backed by large advertisement campaigns and dealership networks.  In FY14, per capita consumption of paint increased to a little over four kg, of which the decorative segment contributed 73 per cent at Rs 29,638 crore. The remaining Rs 10,962 crore was contributed by the industrial segment.
“Demands for decorative paints arise from household paintings, architectural and other display products. The demand for paint increases during festive seasons as compared to other periods,” said Rawat.
The decorative paint market has been further segmented into emulsions, enamel, distemper and cement paints. Industrial paints are segmented into automotive coating, high performance coating, powder coating and coil coating.
The unorganised sector has around 35 per cent of the paint market. In the unorganised segment, there are about 2,500 units.
 Advertisements

Natco s US partner files ANDABS Reporter |  Hyderabad Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 08:49 PM IST
Natco's US partner files ANDA
Pharma major Natco today said its marketing partner in the US, Breckenridge Pharmaceutical, Inc.(BPI), has filed an abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) for Everolimus 0.25mg, 0.5mg, and 0.75mg tablets.
Natco and BPI believe that its Paragraph IV ANDA was filed on the First-to-File date and expects to be the only generic that is entitled to the 180-day exclusivity period, Natco said in a filing.
Novartis AG sells these tablets under the Zortress brand name in the US market. The drug is used to prevent organ rejection after a kidney or liver transplant. Zortress generated sales of $43.5 mn for the 12-month period ending July 2014.
 Advertisements

Americans more willing for military actionSeptember 5, 2014 5:40 pm
Americans grow willing to accept military intervention
By Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f4ecea52-3516-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Centre sounds alert as al-Qaeda video targets Indiaterrorism (crime)
In the 55-minutes video issued overnight, Ayman Al-Zawahiri, the successor to Osama Bin Laden, is seen focussing on a map of the Indian peninsula.
The Union Home Ministry on Thursday sounded an alert across several States hours after al-Qaeda chief Ayman Al-Zawahiri announced the formation of an Indian wing to open a campaign in the subcontinent.
The video claim set off a flurry of activity, with Home Minister Rajnath Singh convening a high-level meeting with officials, including National Security Adviser Ajit Doval and the Director of the Intelligence Bureau. Senior officials said the government was treating the visuals as genuine and the claim with “all requisite seriousness”.
The Ministry directed state police forces to put together action plans to guard against recruitment for the international group. As the al-Qaeda chief referred to some places, authorities in different states also went on alert.
As of date, intelligence sources say, there is no evidence of any al-Qaeda presence in India. Senior officials said the government would focus on efforts to guard against recruitment, particularly in foreign-funded madrassas.
ccording to Bill Roggio of The Long War Journal, “The creation of al-Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent and the promotion of Asim Umar highlights the close ties between al-Qaeda and the Taliban groups in Afghanistan and Pakistan”.
Other intelligence experts are also pointing to the rise of the IS (Islamic State) terror group, that now controls parts of Iraq and Syria, as a reason why Al-Zawahiri is trying to raise the prominence of al-Qaeda at this point.

Microsoft launches 3 new smartphonesUpdated: September 5, 2014 00:20 IST
Microsoft launches 3 new smartphones
PTI
Tweet
AP The new Lumia 830 (left) and Lumia 730, smartphones during a Microsoft Nokia presentation in Berlin on Thursday.
AP Chris Weber, CVP, Mobile Devices Sales of Microsoft, presents the new Lumia Selfie App for their smartphones during his keynote speech during a Microsoft Nokia presentation event at the consumer electronic fair IFA in Berlin, on Thursday.
AP Chris Weber, CVP, Mobile Devices Sales of Microsoft presents new products during his keynote speech during a Microsoft Nokia presentation event at the consumer electronic fair IFA in Berlin, on Thursday.
TOPICS
PDAs and smartphones
Microsoft on Thursday launched three new Lumia smartphones, including one designed for “selfie” enthusiasts, in a bid to expand its portfolio as it battles the likes of Samsung and Apple in the booming, yet fiercely competitive, global smartphone market.
Microsoft has launched the Lumia 830, 735 and 730, priced at 330 euro (about Rs.26,190), 219 euro (about Rs.17,370) and 199 euro (about Rs.15,800), respectively, as it tries to build on its acquisition of Nokia’s mobile division earlier this year.
All the handsets will begin rolling out globally this month.
Microsoft is also rolling out a software update called ‘Lumia Denim’ that adds functionality exclusively to Lumia phones running Windows Phone 8. These will, however, not be available on Windows Phone 8 smartphones from other companies such as HTC.The flagship 830 will come with Windows Phone 8.1 with Lumia Denim operating system, 1 GB RAM, 16 GB internal user memory (15 GB OneDrive cloud storage and up to 128 GB micro SD card). It has a 5-inch display, 1.2 GHz quad-core processor, 10 MP camera and 2,200 mAh removable battery.
The Lumia 730 has a quad-core 1.2 GHz processor with 1 GB of RAM and 4.7-inch display. It has a rear camera of 6.7 MP, along with a 5 MP front-facing camera. With 8 GB internal memory, the handset supports 15 GB OneDrive cloud storage and up to 128 GB micro SD cards.
“Our strategy is to help people do more with stunning products that unite and showcase the best of Microsoft’s digital work and life experiences,” Microsoft Corporate Vice-President, Mobile Devices Sales, Chris Weber, said. The Lumia 830, Lumia 735 and Lumia 730 Dual SIM combine popular Microsoft services such as Skype, Microsoft Office and OneDrive, he added.

Modi plays drums as people suffer power cuts  price rise: Rahulnational politics
The Congress vice-president admits to differences of opinion in the party saying there has always been "this type of tension".
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi on Thursday chose his constituency, Amethi, to launch a scathing attack on Prime Minister Narendra Modi, accusing him of misleading the people by not fulfilling any of the promises made during the BJP’s election campaign.
“The Prime Minister is playing drums in Japan while there is no electricity here and prices are rising,” Mr. Gandhi said referring to Mr. Modi’s Japan trip where he was seen playing the drum at a function.
“They [BJP] had made big promises but where is the result? They might have forgotten, so let me remind them. They said they will change the country, bring down prices, reduce corruption. 100 days are over. At least begin work now. People say they have not even started working,” he told journalists after arriving in his constituency on a two-day visit.
Referring to senior leaders openly airing their differences following the party’s drubbing in the Lok Sabha polls, Mr. Gandhi admitted that there was “this type of tensions” within the party.
PTI adds:
A group of young Congress leaders, including 15 AICC secretaries, recently decided to write to senior leaders against what they claimed was attempt to damage the party’s image by making controversial statements outside party fora.
It is being seen as a rallying of support for Mr. Gandhi within the party after comments of several party leaders were seen as a disapproval of his leadership style.
“Congress party is an old organisation... There are multiple voices and all those voices will bring solution to the party,” he said.
Mr. Gandhi earlier faced some grilling by his electorate over power crisis in the area and said he has written a letter to the Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav in this regard.

India at a hard line with  Love Jihad  and religious conversionComments
Fired up and full of vitriol, Hindu activist Rajeshwar Singh is on a mission to end centuries of religious diversity in India, one conversion at a time.
A man takes part in a religion conversion ceremony from Christianity to Hinduism at Hasayan town in Uttar Pradesh. Photo: REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
His voice echoing off the walls of a Protestant church across a narrow street, Singh railed against foreign faiths at an event last week to convert a Christian family to Hinduism in the rural town of Hasayan, 140 km south of Delhi.
“We will cleanse our Hindu society. We will not let the conspiracy of church or mosque succeed in Bharat (India),” he said, standing in the family’s front yard by a ritual fire lit to ‘purify’ the poor, lower-caste converts.
Emboldened by Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s rise to power in May, leaders of his Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) have joined right-wing activists like Singh to openly declare India a nation of Hindus, posing a challenge to its multi-faith constitutional commitment.
About a fifth of India’s 1.27 billion people identify themselves as belonging to faiths other than Hinduism.
Singh is affiliated to the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), a vast nationalist volunteer organisation that aims to unify Hindus "to carry the nation to the pinnacle of glory". The RSS is seen as the ideological and spiritual guide of the BJP.
A man holds sacred water during a religion conversion ceremony from Christianity to Hinduism at Hasayan town in Uttar Pradesh. Photo: REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
The RSS brought Modi into politics as a young man and its foot soldiers helped cement his May election victory in India's heartland, most notably in the country's most populous state of Uttar Pradesh, where Hasayan is located.
The RSS has grown in prominence since the general election, with members appointed to key cabinet posts and senior leaders deputed to the party.
Increasingly hardline statements by RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat have helped motivate millions of volunteers, like Singh, already excited by the prime minister's May victory.
"Just as those who stay in England are English, those who stay in Germany are German, and those in US are Americans, all those who stay in Hindustan are Hindus," Bhagwat said in August, angering Muslim and Christian minorities.
The debate triggered by the comments revealed a deep ideological rift between those who believe the term describes a national identity as well as a religion, and liberals who think in a multi-faith nation, all cannot be called Hindus.
‘Love jihad’ commotion
Adding to the controversy, RSS-linked groups have stepped up a campaign against ‘Love Jihad’ - a term for what they consider to be an Islamist strategy to convert Hindu women through seduction, marriage and money.
Their fears about Islam may be fuelled by al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahri's announcement this week of the formation of an Indian branch of his militant group.
People take part in a religion conversion ceremony from Christianity to Hinduism at Hasayan town in Uttar Pradesh. Photo: REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
Previous police investigations have found no evidence of an organised ‘Love Jihad’. But the concept has gained credence across central India in recent weeks, leading to sometimes-violent protests, despite being considered an absurd conspiracy theory by mainstream, moderate Indians.
While avoiding the term ‘Love Jihad’, the BJP last week adopted the subject of forced conversions as a campaign issue ahead of September 13 by-elections in Uttar Pradesh, a state prone to sectarian strife.
Simultaneously, activists like Singh have stepped up what they see as necessary defensive measures — converting others "back" to Hinduism.
Hinduism is not normally considered a religion that seeks converts, but it does not have strict rules against the practice.
"The Hindu wave has just begun. In 10 years we will convert all Christians and Muslims," shaven-headed Singh said with a grin after Friday's conversion ceremony, to murmurs of approval from other organisers of the ritual.
His colleagues included a former Adventist preacher now dedicated to Hindu "homecoming" conversions and a businessman from the city of Agra, home to the world-famous Taj Mahal.
"The BJP is our political organisation. They are our brothers. We have ensured that they won the election. Modi is a Hindu leader," Singh said. "This is our golden age."
People take part in a religion conversion ceremony from Christianity to Hinduism at Hasayan town in Uttar Pradesh. Photo: REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
Co-existence punctuated by strife
Singh's 10-year deadline is unrealistic in a country of 175 million Muslims, who account for around 15% of Indians and constitute the third-largest Muslim population in the world, as well as other faiths.
But such displays of bravado are worrying moderates in a country whose long history of inter-religious co-existence is punctuated by bloody outbreaks of strife.
Last year Hindu-Muslim riots left 65 dead just 240 km from Hasayan. Tensions are still high across Uttar Pradesh, which is governed by a party (Samajwadi Party) many consider to unduly favour Muslims.
In 2002, riots also broke out in Modi's home state of Gujarat, just after he was elected chief minister there. More than 1,000 died, mostly Muslims. Critics say he did too little to stop the violence, but a Supreme Court investigation found no evidence to prosecute him and he denies any wrongdoing.
During this year's general election in India, in which Modi elsewhere focused on development, his campaign in Uttar Pradesh stood out by exploiting anti-minority feeling to unite low- and high-caste Hindus into a voting bloc.
Uday Vir from a ‘Dalit low caste’ was at the centre of the reconversion ceremony last week, conducted by high-caste Hindus.
Born into a Christian family, Vir, 55, said a land dispute with the church was the reason he was switching religion, before chipping off a black stucco cross from his porch with a hammer.
Tensions such actions trigger were clearly visible on the Hasayan side street. As tempers frayed briefly under the midday sun, a burly Hindu activist accused a Christian priest of luring people to convert with money and of keeping women and children locked inside the church's faded red walls.
"They are lying. I am not here to convert anyone. My job is to manage the church," said Reverend Dinesh Kumar as a dozen policemen struggled to control the swelling crowd.
Ahead of the by-elections this month, a prominent BJP member of Parliament from the state, Yogi Adityanath, has been accused of delivering inflammatory speeches.
In one video he asks supporters to convert 100 Muslim women through marriage every time a Muslim man marries a Hindu. In another, he said religious riots happen wherever more than 10% of the population is Muslim.
Adityanath, also a senior Hindu priest, has not been reined in by his party and, instead, features as a star campaigner in the by-election race. He says the footage was doctored.
No evidence of conspiracy
Earlier this month a national-level rifle shooter Tara Shahdeo complained of being a ‘Love Jhad’victim, saying her Muslim husband hid his religion when they married in Jharkhand capital Ranchi.
In response, hardline Hindu outfits rampaged through the town and declared a day-long strike. Other violent protests have broken out in recent days close to New Delhi.
A pamphlet named ‘Love Jihad’ is being widely circulated at Hindu weddings, festivals and outside colleges across the country.
Written in 2011, it links the concept of ‘Love Jihad’ to the rule of Muslim Mughals in India centuries ago — a popular theme with Hindu nationalists who feel Hinduism was weakened by foreign rule.
Police say sporadic cases of trickery by unscrupulous men are not evidence of a broader conspiracy. In Uttar Pradesh, police found no evidence of attempted or forced conversion in five of six reported ‘Love Jihad’ cases in the past three months.
“In most cases we found that a Hindu girl and Muslim boy were in love and had married against their parents’ will,” state police chief AL Banerjee told Reuters. “These are cases of love marriages and not Love Jihad.”
(With inputs from Hindustan Times)

Sensex extends losses  ends 59 pts lowerUpdated: September 5, 2014 23:11 IST
Sensex extends losses, ends 59 points lower
PTI
economy, business and finance
The benchmark Sensex on Friday fell 59.23 points to end at 27,026.70, its second straight session of decline after logging new highs earlier this week, on losses in bluechips including HDFC, ICICI Bank, Hero MotoCorp and Tata Motors amid a weak global trend.
Domestic stock markets opened on a better note with the 30-scrip BSE Sensex touching the day’s high of 27,178.80 points in early trade. It later slipped below the 27,000-mark and touched day’s low of 26,920.56 before ending at 27,026.70, registering a drop of 59.23 points or 0.22 per cent.
Among Sensex 30 components, 17 stocks ended in the negative zone, while 13 closed higher.
On Thursday, the Sensex had lost 54.01 points. It had hit life high of 27,225.85 and closed at record peak of 27,139.94 both on Wednesday.
Brokers said emergence of selling in stocks that had recently witnessed gains and a weak trend in global markets, led to the fall in major indices today.
The 50-share Nifty of the National Stock Exchange also shed 9.10 points, or 0.11 per cent, to end at 8,086.85. During the session, the Nifty shuttled between 8,122.70 and 8,049.85.
Yesterday, it had fallen by 18.65 points.
Among the sectoral indices, the BSE Auto index dropped 0.65 per cent, followed by FMCG 0.32 per cent and Banking index lost 0.30 per cent.
On the other hand, the BSE Realty index surged 1.15 per cent, followed by Capital Goods index 0.86 per cent, Metal index 0.69 per cent and IT index 0.51 per cent, among others.
The BSE Small-cap index advanced 1.25 per cent and Mid-cap index added 0.56 per cent, indicating continued retail investor interest.
Asian shares and the euro slipped Friday after European Central Bank unveiled fresh measures. Eyes are now on the release of US jobs data later on Friday, which could have a bearing on Fed policy.
Europe’s main stock markets also dipped in late morning trades today after data showed the 18-nation eurozone economy stagnated in the second quarter with zero growth.

Movie Review: Sin City 2 is eye-popping in every sense of the wordSin City: A Dame To Kill For
Director: Frank Miller
Cast: Mickey Rourke, Jessica Alba, Josh Brolin, Joseph Gordon Lewitt, Eva Green
Rating: 3.5/5
A still from Sin City: A Dame To Kill For featuring Eva Green and Josh Brolin.
One of the most-awaited sequels (after The Incredibles, of course), this one took nine years to come along. And to put it in one of Josh Brolin’s dialogues from the movie, “She is worth the wait”.
Replete with all the trademark Frank Miller-esque gruesome graphics and ‘badass’ characters, Sin City 2 has everything, and more, of what we expected from it. Even the actors, from Mickey Rourke, Jessica Alba, Rosario Dawson and Powers Boothe are in the same mood, and the new ones -- Eva Green, Josh Brolin and Joseph Gordon Lewitt -- only add to the assorted platter.
Before we begin with another panegyric in the movie’s glory, here is the plot:
The theme is somewhat the same, three stories of Sin City’s most rough citizens run parallel for a big part of the movie, running into one-another at crucial moment. There is Marv (Mickey Rourke) who doesn’t really have a mission of his own like last time but makes other characters’ drive for vengeance his own from time to time. We have Dwight (Josh Brolin) so deeply and twisted-ly in love with Ava (Eva Green) that he is ready to ‘kill for the dame’ against his better judgment as she has not proven to be the most honest of women in the past. He makes it his job to free this damsel in distress from the clutches of her evil husband and is helped on by Marv when things go wrong.
There is also the master of playing-cards, Johnny (Joseph Gordon Lewitt) who takes on a fight with the worst opponent possible, the much-maligned Senator Roark (Powers Boothe) after he wins a game of poker against him. The Senator is after his life to teach him a lesson on ‘power’ and who really has it. And of course, the lesson includes many bones being broken and many legs being shot.
The third story is of Nancy Calahan (Jessica Alba), struggling to come to terms with the suicide of John Hartigan (Bruce Willis), and has now made revenge her life’s aim. She has been training hard to kill the Senator who brought this hell upon her, only she cannot not find the courage to do it. She is helped on by our friendly-neighborhood man-slaughterer Marv.
Also read: Too hot to handle for TV, Eva Green's Sin City 2 trailer banned
Sin City 2's story is simpler than last time, one reason why you may find the sequel pale in comparison with the first one. So much so that you may feel it's been 'dumbed down' to an extent. For first-time watchers, however, it’s one-and-a-half hour of pure pleasure.
Like the first one, the graphics for this one too are amazing, only accentuated by 3D technology. There is no let-up on blood and gore, though, with throats getting sliced by the deadly, sword-slinging Miho. There is more of the same: smashed skulls (reminded us of Oberyn Martell and The Mountain…), broken bones or skin slashed with glass... And then you have the eyes: they are gorged out with bare hands, shot with bullets, pierced by arrows... even smashed in with punches. Not a good day for eyes we think.
After all the controversy the movie and Eva Green’s poster garnered for the nudity, the censor board wasn’t forgiving either. A good scene of consequence was mercilessly edited out to make it fitting for the audiences of an already (A) certified movie. The disappointment was huge in the theatre, mostly for the lost opportunity of seeing Eva Green at her …ahem… best but also for missing a crucial scene. But worry not, all was not lost. The movie made complete sense even after all the cruel editing. It is very rarely that we see good sequels and this one is not to be missed.
Watch trailer:

RBI may tweak priority lending rules to suit foreign banksCitiBank
(Rajan said foreign banks…)
KOLKATA: Reserve Bank of India is thinking of tweaking the priority sector lending rules to suit foreign banks while it plans to make non-banking finance companies more robust, governor Raghuram Rajan said in Boston on Thursday.
Rajan, who has completed one year at the RBI helm, said foreign banks like Citibank or Standard Chartered Bank may be told to focus on SME lending while local banks would concentrate more on farm loans.
Foreign banks have over the years lobbied for easier priority lending rules for them while the central bank have all these years followed a policy of uniform regulation for all large banks. RBI tells all banks to achieve 40% priority lending with 18% sub-limit for farm sector and 10% for the weaker section.
Rajan said that RBI might relook at priority sector norms. "One possible solution could involve domestic banks doing more agriculture lending and foreign banks doing more SME lending," he was quoted saying at an investor meet in Boston organized by Citigroup.
Foreign banks with less than 20 branches however need to follow a 32% priority sector rule with no specific target for farm and weaker segments.
The tweaking of rules would facilitate greater participation of foreign banks, Rajan said. Foreign banks always say that the existing rules are deterrent for growing business.
The banking regulator is also planning to come out with a framework to encourage non-banking finance companies or NBFCs to flourish so that they can complement banks. "There is a need to create a system without significant regulatory arbitrage," he said, adding that NBFCs will however continue to be more lightly regulated than the banks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

United States and alliesform coalition to fight ISISprint
John Kerry
The United States and allies on Thursday announced the formation of an international coalition to fight ISIS, with the goal of destroying it, and not merely containing it.
“We and the ministers agreed here today that there is no time to waste in building a broad international coalition to degrade and, ultimately, to destroy the threat posed by ISIL (an alternate acronym for ISIS),” US secretaries John Kerry and Chuck Hagel said in a joint statement after a meeting with nine other countries on the sidelines of the NATO summit in Wales.
The other nine were Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Turkey and the United Kingdom.
The coalition will coordinate efforts with following aims: military support to our Iraqi partners; stopping the flow of foreign fighters; countering ISIS's financing and funding; addressing humanitarian crises; and de-legitimizing ISIL's ideology.
Critical to whole effort, the statement said, would be the formation of an inclusive government in Iraq, which, it was hoped,“can be completed over the coming days”.
But the coalition won’t deploy troops. “I think that’s a redline for everybody here, no boots on the ground,” said secretary Kerry in remarks at the start of the meeting.
And the aim, he made clear was ISIS’s destruction. “There is no contain policy for ISIL,” Kerry said, adding that the US has a strategy for tackling the outfit “contrary to what you sort of heard in the politics of our country”.
The reference was to President Barack Obama’s statement that the US doesn’t have a strategy yet, a remark that, critics said, made the administration look under-prepared and confused.
Also read

India and Australia sign civil nuclear deal for uranium tradeIndia, Australia sign nuclear deal for uranium trade
Jayanth Jacob , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 11:22 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:35 IST(6/9/2014)
Comments
India and Australia signed a landmark civil nuclear deal on Friday, clearing the way for Canberra to sell uranium to the energy-starved country for power generation.
The pact was signed after a meeting between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Australian PM Tony Abbott, where the two leaders also discussed ways to further cooperation in the fields of energy, investment and education.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with his Australian cunterpart Tony Abbott, during their meeting in New Delhi. (PTI Photo)
“Signing of the agreement is a historic milestone in our relationship. It is a reflection of a new level of mutual trust and confidence, and will open a fresh chapter in our bilateral cooperation,” Modi said. The deal came at the end of Abbott’s two-day India visit and provides for the supply of uranium, production of radio isotopes, nuclear safety and other areas of cooperation.
HT Explains: India's win-win situation after Modi-Abbott meet
At the meeting, Abbott also gifted Modi two antique statues of Hindu deities that were allegedly stolen from temples in Tamil Nadu and bought by art galleries in Australia.  “I would like to convey to PM Abbott the deep sense of gratitude of 1.25 billion people of India for his efforts in bringing back the stolen Indian statues,” Modi said in response.
Australia has about a third of the world’s recoverable uranium resources and exports nearly 7,000 tonnes of it annually. India’s power generation is heavily dependent on coal with its 20 nuclear reactors, having an installed capacity of 4,780 MW, accounting for just 2% of its total electricity generation.
Read: Australia looks to sign FTA with India by 2016
A crippling shortage of coal and a deficient monsoon have worsened India’s power situation this year, with 56 of the country’s 100 thermal power plants running dangerously low on coal stocks.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott (L) shakes hands with his Indian counterpart Narendra Modi during a photo opportunity ahead of their meeting at Hyderabad House in New Delhi. (PTI photo)
 
New Delhi hopes to increase its nuclear power capacity to 63,000 MW by 2032, by adding nearly 30 reactors. “It (the pact) will support India’s efforts to fuel its growth with clean energy and minimize the carbon footprint of its growth,” Modi said.
Negotiations on the deal began in 2012 after Canberra lifted a long-time ban on exporting the valuable ore to India, following a historic civil nuclear deal between New Delhi and Washington in 2008.
HT editorial:  A coalition of the likeminded
After Friday’s meet, Modi termed Australia a strong strategic partner and an important part of India’s Look East policy. Both leaders decided to step up partnership in the areas of defence, counter-terrorism, disarmament and non-proliferation, a joint statement said. Modi also sought Australia’s help in setting up sports universities in the country.
India and Australia will hold the first bilateral naval exercise in 2015 and intend to enhance the partnership in the future.

Rajan: Slow governance led to growth decline | Wilful defaulter tag  powerful weaponenvironment
(In the first quarter of 2014-15…)
NEW DELHI: Attributing decline in economic growth to "slow governance" and faulty allocation of natural resources, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has said GDP will improve to 7 per cent in next three years on back of political stability.
"The sharp slowdown in GDP from 8-9 per cent growth to 4-5 per cent in the last two years was caused by issues such as environment and land acquisition problems, delays in withdrawal of fiscal and monetary stimulus, irregularities around allocation of natural resources and slow governance," a Citi report quoted Rajan as saying.
Rajan had addressed a group of investors in Boston yesterday.
"On the back of political stability, improved business and investment climate, GDP growth is poised to improve towards 7 per cent over the next three years," he said.
India's economic growth has slipped to sub-5 per cent in 2013-14 and 2012-13 fiscals. In the current financial year, RBI estimates the growth to be 5.5 per cent.
In the first quarter of 2014-15 fiscal, the GDP improved to 5.7 per cent, from 4.6 per cent in the corresponding period a year ago.
Referring to the recent judgement of the Supreme Court on coal block allocation, Rajan said it "may create uncertainty in the short term, but long term, it is a positive development".
As regards the inflation, he said it is still high because of supply side rigidities. "Food inflation is a source of discomfort and given the sub-par monsoon this year, there is a need to keep an eye on food inflation," he said.
Food inflation in July stood at 8.43 per cent. The retail inflation was 7.96 per cent and WPI inflation was 5.19 per cent.
The RBI targets to contain retail inflation at 8 per cent this year and 6 per cent by next year through a sound monetary policy framework.
Rajan said, barring unforeseen external macro shocks, containment of the Current Account Deficit (CAD) and fiscal consolidation is likely to continue.
"Fiscal slippage has been arrested, but the quality of the deficit could be improved - particularly on the subsidy rationalisation and capital expenditure front," he said.
The government aims to bring down fiscal deficit to 4.1 per cent this fiscal. The CAD, which is the difference between inflow and outflow of foreign exchange, narrowed sharply to $ 7.8 billion (1.7 per cent of GDP) in the first quarter of the 2014-15 fiscal. It was $ 21.8 billion (4.8 per cent of GDP) in the year-ago period.
Rajan said RBI considers it prudent to be prepared for the eventual exit from low rates.
Rajan's vision for India's banking system involves a more competitive banking structure.
Stressing that India needs more banks, he said that the RBI was a little more conservative in the current round of licensing, given that it was timed around the elections.
The RBI, he said, will come out with a framework on the NBFC sector, which needs to complement the banking sector.
PSU banks, he said, constitute 70 per cent of the total banking sector assets.
"The government needs to improve the governance of PSU banks before it can reduce its stake in them," Rajan said.
To facilitate greater participation of foreign banks, the RBI might relook at priority sector lending norms, he said, adding one possible solution could involve domestic banks doing more agriculture lending and foreign banks doing more SME lending.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India  Aus ink civil nuclear agreement | Deal a new chapter in bilateral ties: PrezYou are here: Home > Collections > Npt
India, Australia ink civil nuclear agreement; Canberra to supply uranium
Dipanjan Roy Chaudhury, ET Bureau Sep 6, 2014, 06.33AM IST
Tags:
Australia
(The civil nuclear deal is…)
NEW DELHI: India and Australia scripted history on Friday by signing a civil nuclear deal for the supply of uranium to the country's nuclear reactors, taking their partnership to a new level. The deal was signed following a dialogue between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and visiting Australian PM Tony Abbott , the first head of government to visit India since the BJP-led government assumed power in May this year.
Abbott was given full state honours during his two-day visit. The deal is strategically significant and will set the template for other countries as it is Canberra's first nuclear deal with a Non-Nuclear, Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) signatory country, official sources told ET. The negotiations for the nuclear deal with Canberra have been among the least troublesome that Delhi had with countries with which it is seeking civil nuke cooperation. The culmination of these five rounds of talks resulted in this deal.
Since India received unconditional waiver from Nuclear Suppliers Group in September 2008, it has signed civil nuclear deals with all P-5 members barring China — USA, Russia, France and UK — for supply of reactors and technology. Deals were also signed with Canada, Kazakhstan, Argentina, Namibia and Mongolia for supply of uranium as well as reactors, nuclear technology and waste management. But despite negotiations for the past four years, a deal with Japan remains elusive over India's non-NPT status and reprocessing rights.
The negotiations between the two sides have been on since 2012 after the then ruling Labour Party reversed its decision to ban the uranium sale to India because New Delhi has not signed the NPT. Abbott's Conservative Party, however, had long favoured selling uranium, or yellow cake, to India. Days ahead of the visit, Abbott went to extent of saying if Australia was prepared to sell uranium to Russia, then "surely we ought to be prepared to provide uranium to India under suitable safeguards".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Al-Qaeda video: All civil airports alertedAl-Qaeda
(Security agencies feel…)
NEW DELHI: Security agencies have alerted airports across the country in the wake of an purported al-Qaeda video in which the terror outfit has threatened to carry out a destructive campaign in India.
At all civil airports, the main security guarding force CISF, state police forces and the Bureau of Civil Aviation Security (BCAS) have been asked by central security agencies to issue directives in this regard to their units and step up surveillance of suspicious activities.
The agencies have been asked to remain alert, both in the city and air sides, of these facilities which are thronged by lakhs of passengers every day to reach destinations within the country and abroad.
Sources said the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF), which secures 59 civil airports at present, has been asked to put special stress on routine drills at the airports and undertake secondary ladder point (SLP) checking wherever required.
SLP is done just before a flier is about to enter an aircraft and after he or she has been cleared during manual frisking of his person and belongings.
The Union Home Ministry, after a review by Home Minister Rajnath Singh yesterday, had already alerted all states and security agencies to take possible precautionary steps in this regard.
Security agencies feel the video could be an attempt by al-Qaeda to carry out fresh recruitments in the sub-continent as it stares at diminishing influence vis-a-vis the ISIS, a similar terrorist group which has come to the fore in the recent past.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Motorola unveils new Moto G  XNew Delhi, September 5, 2014
Updated: September 7, 2014 15:59 IST
Motorola unveils new Moto G and Moto X
Staff Reporter
AP The new Moto X (left) and Moto G.
TOPICS
PDAs and smartphones
While Moto G, priced at Rs.12,999, will be on sale only on Flipkart starting at mid-night on Friday, Moto X will be available later this month.
Motorola, on Friday, unveiled the second generation of its popular smartphones — Moto G and Moto X. While Moto G, priced at Rs.12,999, will be on sale only on Flipkart starting at midnight on Friday, Moto X will be available later this month.
Along with Moto X, the company will also launch Moto 360 smart watch. The pricing of both devices will be announced later. Moto X is available at $499 (nearly Rs.30,000) in the U.S. and Moto 360 is priced at $249 (about Rs.15,000)
“Partnering Flipkart, we had launched Moto G a few months ago, followed by Moto X and Moto E, all of which have received tremendous response in India. Now, we are bringing in a new generation with better features and at an attractive price,” Motorola Mobility India General Manager Amit Boni told reporters here.
The U.S.-based firm, which has sold 1.6 million units of Moto E, G and X since February on Flipkart, said it had over 5 per cent share of the Indian smartphone market.
The new Moto G has a 5-inch screen, 1.2 Ghz quad core processor, Android KitKat OS, 1GB R A M, 8MP rear and 2MP front camera, expandable memory up to 32GB and 2,070 mAh battery.
The Moto X will feature 5.2-inch screen, 2.5 GHz quad core processor, 2 GB RAM, 16GB memory, 13MP (rear) and 2MP (front) camera and 2300 mAh battery.

Cease-fire takes hold in Ukraine after deal signedThe Ukrainian president declared a cease-fire on Friday to end nearly five months of fighting in the nation's east region. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Belarus | Posted: September 5, 2014 11:20 pm
A cease-fire took hold Friday night in eastern Ukraine after the president’s representative signed a deal with Russian-backed separatists in an effort to bring an end to nearly five months of fighting.
President Petro Poroshenko said he ordered government forces to stop hostilities at 6 p.m. following a protocol signed by representatives of Ukraine, Russia, the rebels and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe at talks Friday in Minsk, the Belarusian capital.
“Human life is of the highest value. And we need to do everything that is possible and impossible to stop the bloodshed and end people’s suffering,” Poroshenko said in a statement.
The Donetsk separatists said on Twitter that they also have ceased fire.
After announcing the cease-fire, negotiators met for two more hours and agreed upon the withdrawal of all heavy weaponry, the release of all prisoners and the delivery of humanitarian aid to devastated cities in eastern Ukraine, Heidi Tagliavini of the OSCE told reporters in Minsk.
Mikhail Zurabov, the Russian ambassador to Ukraine who also signed the deal, described the exchange of lists of more than 1,000 prisoners from each side as a “breakthrough.”
Poroshenko said a prisoner exchange could begin as early as Saturday and international monitors from the OSCE would keep watch over the cease-fire.
With the cease-fire deal, Russian President Vladimir Putin may hope to avert a new round of sanctions, which the European Union leaders ordered Friday to be prepared.
Since mid-April, Moscow-backed separatists have been fighting government troops in eastern Ukraine in a conflict the U.N. estimates has killed nearly 2,600 people and forced hundreds of thousands to flee their homes.
“The cease-fire will allow us to save not only civilians lives, but also the lives of the people who took up arms in order to defend their land and ideals,” said Alexander Zakharchenko, the rebel leader from the Donetsk region.
Igor Plotnitsky, leader of the separatist Luhansk region, also told reporters that his forces would respect the cease-fire.
Moscow has denied reports by Ukraine, NATO and Western nations that it was backing the mutiny with weapons, supplies, and even with thousands of regular troops. But a NATO military officer told The Associated Press that the number of Russian soldiers directly involved in the conflict has grown past NATO’s earlier estimate of at least 1,000.
Leonid Kuchma, a former president of Ukraine, represented Poroshenko at the talks.
“There was a genuine desire that there will be peace in that region. I think we will achieve it,” Kuchma said. He added, however, that even though both Poroshenko and the separatist leaders have ordered their forces to stop fighting “it doesn’t mean that someone will not fire from behind the corner.”
Kuchma said they will set up a task force by continued…

Microsoft launches Nokia X2 in India for 8 699Beefing up its budget smartphone portfolio, Microsoft Devices on Friday launched Nokia X2, priced at Rs. 8,699, in India to compete more aggressively with the likes of Samsung as well as homegrown firms like Micromax.
The Nokia X2 was unveiled globally in June as a successor to its Android-centred Nokia X handsets.
Nokia X2 is representative of the evolution of the Nokia X family, delivering an enhanced experience across user interface, hardware and apps, Microsoft said in a statement.
In February this year, Nokia had announced the 'Nokia X' family of affordable smartphones, running Google's Android apps, at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona.
It has four devices -- Nokia X, Nokia X+, Nokia XL and Nokia X2 -- under the Nokia X range. Microsoft also sells Asha and Lumia range of smartphones.
With a 1.2GHz dual-core Snapdragon processor on-board, the dual SIM handset will have a 4.3-inch ClearBlack display, 1GB RAM, 5MP rear and VGA front camera and 1,800 mAh battery.
Besides supporting Microsoft apps like Skype and Outlook, the handset will offer 15GB of free cloud storage on OneDrive.
"The enhancements on the Nokia X2 lead to a richer, faster and easier experience designed to introduce the 'next billion' people to the mobile Internet and cloud services," Nokia India Sales (a subsidiary of Microsoft Mobile Oy) Head Mobile Phones Sari Harju said.
Microsoft Devices operates the handset business acquired from Nokia earlier this year for over USD 7.2 billion.
The roadmap ahead for the Nokia X family is, however, not clear.
Microsoft, in July, had said it plans to shift select products from the Android-powered range to Windows platform as it beefs up the affordable Lumia range.
The sub-Rs 10,000 smartphone category is a fiercely competed segment with international as well as homegrown players such as Micromax, Karbonn and Lava vying for a larger chunk of the market.
Microsoft estimates the affordable mobile devices market to be a "USD 50-billion annual opportunity".
According to analysts, India is the fastest growing smartphone market globally with over 44 million smartphones sold last year.

Rape charges will attract people to the party: Jalpaiguri TMC leaderComments
Faced with increasing attack of the opposition parties in the wake of accusations of rape and murder of a class X student, a senior ruling party leader in West Bengal on Friday said such accusations will only bolster the party membership.
Sourav Chakraborty the TMC Jalpaiguri district president on Fridayjoined the league of his party leaders who have made insensitive remarks.  Chakraborty claimed that the rape and accusations would always exist.  "Rape is a social malady, which will continue happening and so will be accusations. The more the accusations grow, so will grow our party membership," Chakrabarty told media persons.
Chakraborty was reacting on the allegations that the TMC local leaders and supporters were involved in the rape and murder of the class X girl at Dhupguri in Jalpaiguri district whose naked body was found from near a railway track on Tuesday morning.
The girl was missing from Monday night when local TMC leaders had called a salashi sabha or kangaroo court to solve a dispute between the victims’ father and his neighbour.
Anukul Burman the father of the victim had filed FIR against 13 persons most of them TMC leaders and supporters.
Himani Burman went missing from Monday night after the meeting.  In the meeting the TMC leaders asked Anukul Burman to pay the rent to Anil Burman from whom he had hired a power tiller. When Anukul said that he would not be able to pay the money immediately, he was assaulted and insulted. Himani who had accompanied her father in the meeting protested. Villagers claimed that those present in the meeting instead turned on the girl and demanded she lick spittle off the ground. 
She went missing from Monday late night and her naked body was found next morning from near railway track.
The Left Front has sought Governor K.N. Tripathi's intervention.  Three people have been arrested in connection with the case.
Chakraborty's comments have been strongly criticized by CPI-M, Congress and the BJP.
Earlier, Trinamool MP Tapas Paul had created a major controversy  when he threatened to unleash his boys to rape Marxist women while party MLA from Diamond Harbour Dipak Kumar Halder set off an outrage by saying so long as the earth exists, rape will continue to happen.
The ruling Trinamool Congress is facing increasing hit from opposition parties forcing the state government to send a forensic team to the spot from where the girl’s naked dead body was recovered.
Today a forensic team from North Bengal Medical College and Hospital (NBMCH) visited Dhupguri and collected samples from near the railway line from where the body was recovered. The General Railway police are investigating the matter. 
However opposition parties like the CPM, Congress, BJP and SUCI have been claiming that the police and the local administration are trying to hush up the matter.
Pritha Sarkar the district magistrate of Jalpaiguri said on Fridayevening, “The post mortem report said prima-facie there was no sexual assault.” “We should handle the matter clinically,” she told Hindustan times. 
However, Jayanta Majumdar the CPI (M) Dhupguri zonal committee secretary told Hindustan Times in the afternoon, “The post mortem report is likely to be changed under the pressure of the administration.”
Talking to Hindustan Times on Friday evening, Chakraborty denied of making such statements. He told Hindustan Times “The more baseless allegations are made against the party, the party would get stronger.”
He also said, “The post mortem report would clear everything.” 
Jayanta Majumdar who is also the convenor of Left Front in Dhupguri block said “We had demanded that a central forensic team to visit the spot and the state Governor  K N Tripathi's intervention.” “We do not have faith on the state forensic team which had also conducted the post mortem,” said Mazumdar.  He also alleged that the Dhupguri municipality chairman and vice chairman went to the victim’s family and offered money to the father. The civic body is controlled by the TMC.
Mazumdar who claimed to have seen the body of the girl said, “The clothes of the Vitim were lying on one side of the railway track and the naked body was found on the other side of the track.” 

US takes out al Shabaab co-founderprint
The United States on Friday said it can confirm that a co-founder of al-Shabaab, the largest al Qaeda affiliate in Africa, was killed in an airstrike over the past weekend.
Ahmed Godane, the al Shabaab leader, was the target of an airstrike last Sunday, in south-central Somalia. But the US wasn’t sure then if it had succeeded.
“We have confirmed that Ahmed Godane, the co-founder of al-Shabaab, has been killed,” said Pentagon Press Secretary Rear Admiral John Kirby in a statement.
“Removing Godane from the battlefield is a major symbolic and operational loss to al-Shabaab,” he added.
Al Shabaab had claimed responsibility for the Westgate Mall shooting in Nairobi in 2013 in which dozens of people were killed and injured.

Cristiano Ronaldos loyalty to Real Madrid unquestionable: Florentino PerezThe Portuguese forward was reportedly unhappy with Angel Di Maria's departure from the club. (Source: AP)
Madrid | Posted: September 5, 2014 11:23 pm
Real Madrid president Florentino Perez sought to play down an apparent spat with Cristiano Ronaldo on Friday as he announced the La Liga club’s income had surged above 600 million euros ($778 million) in 2013-14.
Perez, who has splashed hundreds of millions of euros of the European champions’ cash on top players in recent years, said the loyalty of Ronaldo, the current World Player of the Year, had been “unquestionable”.
The Portugal captain made headlines on Monday when he said the club’s transfer dealings in the latest window would probably have been different if he had been in charge.
After winning a record-extending 10th European crown last season, when dressing-room heavyweight Ronaldo was the team’s top scorer, Real sold midfielders Xabi Alonso and Angel Di Maria and brought in Toni Kroos and James Rodriguez.
The departure of Alonso to Bayern Munich, in particular, has prompted suggestions the Madrid club will not have enough quality and experience in midfield without him, while Argentine Di Maria is seen as close to Ronaldo.
“I have no doubt that he (Ronaldo) did not want to question the club’s policies,” Perez told a news conference announcing 2013-14 income of a record 603.9 million euros, a 10.9 percent jump compared with the previous season.
“He has just presented me with a replica of his ‘Ballon d’Or’ award, an exemplary player,” the construction magnate added. “There are no disagreements, zero.”
Real stuttered in their second La Liga outing at the weekend when they let slip a 2-0 lead and crashed to a 4-2 reverse at Real Sociedad.
Ronaldo, 29, missed the game through injury and he followed up his comments on Monday by giving
Perez, who pushed through a lucrative contract extension for Ronaldo in September last year that ties him to the club until 2018, defended Real’s decision to sell Alonso and Di Maria.
DIFFERENT EXPECTATIONS
“His (Di Maria’s) reason  was that he had financial demands that we could not meet,” Perez told reporters. “Real Madrid made him the best possible offer but he had different expectations.
“No player in the team has that kind of salary, only Ronaldo, who is the best player in the world. “If we had accepted  it would have put the club’s financial stability in danger.”
Perez said he had a “very good relationship” with Alonso, who will turn 33 in November, and the player had asked to leave.
“He believes the best way to organise his remaining years of professional life is what he has chosen, both for him and for the club.” Alonso’s position controlling play in midfield was well covered by Kroos and Asier Illarramendi, he added.
Real’s latest financial figures also showed a post-tax profit of 38.5 million euros, up 4.4 percent on a year earlier, and a drop in net debt of 21 percent to 71.5 million.
The performance suggests they will top Deloitte’s ranking of the world’s richest club’s continued…

Marco Matterazi on Chennai Titans radarPress Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: September 5, 2014 10:25 pm
Former Italian World Cup winner Marco Materazzi, who was famously head-butted by Zinedine Zidane in the 2006 summit match, could become the marquee manager-cum-player of Chennai Titans in the upcoming Indian Super League.
Sources said representatives from the Chennai franchise have had a discussion with the former Inter Milan centre-back and also offered him a contract.
A team from Chennai Titans had travelled to Rome to hold discussions with Brazilian star footballer Ronaldinho and while there has been no official confirmation in that regard, it is being learnt that they were successful in meeting Materazzi.
“Yes, we met him (Materazzi) in Rome and offered him a contract. Let’s see what happens, we are keeping our fingers crossed,” a source involved in working out the negotiation said.
“The franchise is looking at different options and we are not in a position to say anything in confirmation now,” he said.
Other Chennai Titans officials refused to come on record about the latest development.
The Italian defender had in May visited India as a representative of Inter Milan for their football development project. He then held talks with Sun Group of Bangalore franchisee, which recently pulled out of the ISL to pave the way for Chennai’s entry.
Considered one of the top defenders of his generation, Materazzi retired from Inter Milan in 2011.
The inaugural edition of ISL is slated to be held in different venues across the country from October 12-December 20.

Deadly barrel bombs hit taxi stand in Syrias AleppoFile Photo: Buildings are seen destroyed in an airstrike by the Syrian government in Aleppo (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Aleppo (syria) | Posted: September 5, 2014 10:00 pm
Syrian helicopters dropped barrel bombs on a taxi stand in the city of Aleppo on Friday, killing at least 12 civilians, including a child, a monitoring group said.
“Twelve civilians, among them a child, were killed, and five others seriously wounded after helicopters launched two explosive-laden barrels against the Haidariyeh district,” the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.
There were least a dozen bloodied corpses lying on the ground. One, wrapped in a shroud, was apparently that of a child.
The journalist also saw several people on stretchers, showing burns and shrapnel wounds, and others lying in pools of blood near sandbags. It was not clear whether they were dead.
Haidariyeh is home to a popular taxi stand.
There was also a massive crater in the street left by one of the bombs.
One resident said: “I saw the bodies. They were workers, people who were simply trying to find a way to put bread on the table… You can see the human remains.”
A man who had volunteered to help rescue survivors said “taxi drivers gather here to transport workers and goods… There were no rebels here.”
Last December, President Bashar al-Assad’s regime launched a massive aerial campaign against rebel districts in the east of Syria’s second city, despite a UN Security Council resolution condemning such strikes.
In July, Human Rights Watch condemned the air force campaign, saying it had killed 1,700 people in five months.
Barrel bombs are typically constructed from large oil drums, gas cylinders or water tanks, filled with high explosives and scrap metal to enhance fragmentation.

Maxx launches Android smartphone with 20 GB memory at Rs 3 890Maxx AXD11 GenXDroid7 smartphone comes with a 4-inch display,1 GHz dual-core Mediatek processor, 512 MB RAM, 3.2 MP rear camera with flash and runs on Android Jelly Bean.
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 9:47 pm
Maxx Mobile has launched its AXD11 GenXDroid7 smartphone at a price of Rs. 3,890. The smartphone comes with 20 GB of memory (4GB ROM + 16 GB memory card) and runs on Android Jelly Bean, upgradable to Kit Kat. The memory can be furthered expanded up to 32 GB.
The 3G enabled AXD11 model has a 4-inch display screen and comes with a 1 GHz dual-core Processor, powered by Mediatek and 512 MB RAM. The phone features a 3.2 MP rear camera with flash and a front VGA camera.
The dual SIM enabled (WCDMA + GSM) AXD11 has a 1400 mAh battery and offers Bluetooth and WiFi. The phone is available in black and white colour options and includes applications like MAXX World, MAXX life Box, MAXX Care, MAXX New Launch.

England beats India in 5th ODI to avoid whit...You are here: Home > Collections
England beats India in 5th ODI to avoid whitewash
AP Sep 5, 2014, 11.17PM IST
Tags:
Alastair Cook
(Ambati Rayudu's 53…)
LEEDS, ENGLAND: England avoided a whitewash by India in their one-day series by winning the fifth and final match by 41 runs on Friday mainly thanks to Joe Root's 113 on his home ground.
India won the series 3-1. The first ODI was washed out.
Powered by Root's second ODI century, England posted 294-7 after being put into bat at Headingley to give the world champions a challenging target for the first time in this lopsided series.
Ajinkya Rahane (0) and Virat Kohli (13) fell cheaply to James Anderson early in the reply before Moeen Ali's offspin accounted for Shikhar Dhawan (31) and Suresh Raina (18), leaving India on 91-4 and well behind the run rate.
Ambati Rayudu's 53 and some big late hits from Ravindra Jadeja , who struck a career-best 87 off 68 balls, merely delayed India's demise for 253.
"I think we gave away too many wickets," India captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni said. "There were a lot of soft dismissals."
Asked whether India lacked motivation with the series already clinched, Dhoni said: "That may have been the case. That's one area where we have to improve."
The victory may not quieten calls for Alastair Cook to quit as England captain ahead of the long buildup to next year's World Cup in Australia and New Zealand. The team has now lost five straight ODI series at home.
But it at least allowed England to end a miserable series on a high, showing what could have happened if India had been put under more pressure.
"We've got a lot of 20s and 30s this series," Cook said. "It's the first time we have seen one of our guys get a hundred and it gives you a target to defend."
Root looked comfortable on his home strip in Yorkshire, hitting 10 fours and three sixes as he raced along at more than a run a ball. He put on a fifth-wicket stand of 108 with Jos Buttler (49 off 40 balls), ensuring there was no repeat of previous England collapses in this series.
England had earlier been reduced to 117-4 in 29 overs, again being tied down by India's trio of spinners.
Allrounder Ben Stokes weighed in with 33 off 23 balls late on as the Indian attack was posed questions for the first time in the series.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shanthakumari is the new MayorUpdated: September 5, 2014 23:56 IST
Shanthakumari is the new Mayor
Chitra V. Ramani
politics
Her deputy is K. Ranganna from Kamakshipalya
N. Shanthakumari representing Moodalapalya ward and K. Ranganna from Kamakshipalya ward were elected unopposed as the city’s 48th Mayor and 49th Deputy Mayor respectively, on Friday. Both posts were reserved for the general category.
Many senior BJP councillors had thrown in their hats in the ring. The ruling party in the civic body had taken more than four days to decide on the candidates for the two posts. The names were finalised hours before the election was scheduled.
While Ms. Shanthakumari was backed by MLC V. Somanna, the new Deputy Mayor was backed by Rajajinagar MLA S. Suresh Kumar and Bangalore Central MP P.C. Mohan, sources said. Soon after the names were finalised, the duo rushed from the residence of Bangalore South MP H.N. Ananth Kumar to the BBMP to submit their nomination papers. They will be in office for just about eight months, as against the normal tenure of one year, because the five-year term of this council comes to an end in April 2015.
Ms. Shanthakumari, a three-time councillor, said, “There will be no time even to sleep. I will put in long hours and not count the days.”
RELATED NEWS

Trump tower unit sets resale record at $3.99M0
Jones and Riccioni first listed the unit in December for slightly less than $4.2 million and never cut their asking price. The buyer is an Illinois limited liability corporation managed by a Singapore resident, John Williamson, according to Jones and documents related to the sale.
"The reason we sold is, we bought the unit above ours, which is a penthouse atop Tower 2," Jones told Elite Street. "During (the redesign) of the unit sold today, I saw the unit above ours, and I bought it. We had a tenant in that second unit for two years, and now they're out."
Jones acknowledged that she enjoys upgrading properties — "I like having projects" — but said she doubts she'll sell her 49th-floor unit any time soon.
Andrew Mason sells West Town triplex: Andrew Mason, co-founder of Chicago-based Groupon and the company's CEO until his termination last year, has sold his triplex loft in the West Town neighborhood for $1.15 million.
The loft, in a building constructed in 1920, has 3 1/2 baths, all three bedrooms on one level, and a kitchen with white-lacquer cabinetry, stainless steel appliances and granite countertops. Two decks offer skyline views. There also is a rooftop resistance pool.
In early December, Mason sold his five-bedroom Evanston mansion on nearly an acre along Lake Michigan for $4.07 million.
Mason sold the three-bedroom, 3,300-square-foot triplex loft last month. He listed it in May for $1.2 million. He paid $910,000 for the unit in 2010.
Beth Wexler and Joey Gault of @properties were the listing agents.

Pumpkin spice lattes: A sinister plot revealed3
Now global warming, like pumpkin spice lattes, is a touchy subject. Some believe a preponderance of scientific evidence supports that human activity is warming the planet at an unsustainable rate. Others say science is dumb and we're just in the midst of a natural temperature cycle, and then they swim back to their underwater condos in what used to be Miami.
But what if both sides are missing something?
The final U.N. report won't be published until November, and a quote in the Bloomberg story from Jonathan Lynn, a spokesman for the climate change panel, jumped out at me. He said the draft "is still a work in progress, which will certainly change."
When will it change? When it's released in November.
What is November best known for? Thanksgiving … and pumpkin pies.
I looked up the history of Starbucks' pumpkin spice latte. It was introduced in 2003.
Then I dug up an environmental report published last year by NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. It confirmed my worst fears: Eight of the 10 warmest years on record have occurred since the first pumpkin spice latte was served.
I took a long drink of my beer, then spat it out, realizing it was a pumpkin ale.
Everything finally made sense. According to a company fact sheet, "Starbucks baristas have handcrafted more than 200 million Pumpkin Spice Lattes." That, my friends, is a LOT of hot beverages being released into the atmosphere.
Pumpkin spice lattes are clearly contributing to global warming. And I expect the final version of the U.N. report will support my conclusion.
I hereby call on Starbucks to halt the reckless handcrafting of planet-destroying pumpkin spice lattes, particularly when it's not even late enough in the year for pumpkins to get worried about Halloween. And I call on consumers to halt the consumption of said lattes.
After all, why shouldn't we believe steaming-hot seasonal beverages are harming the planet? That makes at least as much sense as believing everything's going to be fine.

Can Joffrey Ballet dancers boost Marriott s bottom...Can Joffrey Ballet dancers boost J.W. Marriott's bottom line?
J.W. Marriott "Poise and Grace"
Joffrey Artistic Director Ashley Wheater discusses the ballet's partnership with JW Marriott.
Joffrey Artistic Director Ashley Wheater discusses the ballet's partnership with JW Marriott.
By Cheryl V. Jackson, Special to the Tribune
How can ballet dancers boost the bottom line?
JW Marriott aims to set high bar with Joffrey
JW Marriott Hotels and Resorts is turning to an unexpected dance partner to help improve its employee training, and, by extension, its customer service: the Joffrey Ballet.
Starting Saturday, employees throughout the luxury hotel chain's properties will get tips from Joffrey dancers as well as its artistic director on the importance of warming up, proper breathing, flow of movement and connecting with the audience, delivered through a series of four short videos. The aim is to improve guests' experience.
  Open link
"Proper breathing; working through tight spaces; how you connect with an audience are the items we really capture in the videos that can apply to associates from servers to housekeepers to a bellman," said Mitzi Gaskins, vice president and global brand manager for JW Marriott Hotels and Resorts at Marriott International.
The program, dubbed Poise & Grace, is an outgrowth of a 2-year-old partnership that began when the JW Marriott's Loop location began working with the dance company on events. A "Nutcracker"-themed hot chocolate serving, for example, featured several ballet dancers to heighten the guest experience.

Fracking in Illinois: The rules  and why they matter1
The controversy: Drillers probably won't use water, or any fluid typically measured in gallons, in their fracking operations. Researchers working with oil and gas companies informed the state in 2010 that the state's shale formations are too shallow and too absorbent for water to be of much use in fracking. Instead, scientists have said fracking operations likely will use gas, foam, mist or gel.
Why is matters: If a fracking operation measures gas in its liquid form, it wouldn't reach the 80,000-gallon threshold, and there is concern that the law wouldn't apply.
LIABILITY
What the law says: Water pollution found within 1,500 feet of a fracking operation is presumed to have been caused by the fracking operation unless proved otherwise. The law lists 100 chemicals that should be regulated.
The controversy: Health groups say the list of chemicals presumed to come from fracking under the regulations is shorter than what's listed in the law.
Why it matters: If the chemical isn't on the list and it comes from a fracking operation, it would be much more difficult for people with polluted wells or waterways to prove that it originated from the company and that the company should be responsible for cleanup. At the same time, fracking operators fear being unfairly blamed for pollutants that could come from other sources.
PUBLIC NOTICE
What the law says: Any significant modifications to a fracking permit will undergo a public review process.
The controversy: Environmental groups say the rules are too narrow in defining "significant." At the same time, oil and gas companies say the review process is too long.
Why it matters: Environmentalists fear that companies will pull a bait-and-switch, changing the rules after a permit is approved. Oil and gas companies don't want to face delays because protesters object to minor changes in the permit.
LEGAL STANDING
What the law says: Public hearings should be limited to people directly affected by the permit.
The controversy: The oil and gas industries say the rules open the door to unaffected parties to protest applications and that the hearings should be limited to people who own property or have an economic interest affected by a fracking permit.
Why it matters: Fracking operators say that if the state's permitting process is too difficult, they will drill elsewhere. Well-funded national environmental groups that oppose fracking would like to be involved in local permit hearings.
DENYING PERMITS IN AN EMERGENCY
What the law says: The Illinois Department of Natural Resources can suspend, revoke or refuse to issue a fracking permit if an emergency condition exists that would pose a significant hazard to public health, aquatic life, wildlife or the environment.
The controversy: The oil and gas industry would like to insert language into the regulations that an emergency condition must be proved based on "evidence reviewed by personnel trained in oil and gas operations."
Why it matters: If it is up to the Department of Natural Resources' discretion, oil and gas companies fear that the department could use its powers too broadly. Environmental groups say they are worried that unsafe fracking operations could continue while "evidence" is gathered.

Next Time Someone Says  College Isn t Worth It Anymore   Show Them Thisreddit
Tuition costs are skyrocketing, student debt is soaring and it's extremely difficult for college grads to find good jobs. And yet, a four-year degree has never been more worth it, according to a new study.
People with bachelor's degrees make around $300,000 more over their lifetimes than those with just a high school education, according to a new analysis by Jaison R. Abel and Richard Deitz of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. That's more than triple the value of the degree in 1980, when college grads earned about $80,000 more than those with just high school degrees, the researchers found.
In fact, the value of a bachelor's degree has actually remained around an all-time high for over a decade:
Abel and Deitz wrote that despite the "alarming trends" of tuition cost hikes and student debt loads, it still makes sense for most Americans to attend college.
The value of the degree peaked in the late 1990s, and took some hits during the financial crisis and recession, the researchers found. But when comparing the average wage of college graduates to the average wage of those with only a high school diploma, a distinction was clear. The "net present value" of a college degree -- i.e. the extra wages a person earns for having a degree, minus the cost and time of going to college -- has hovered around $300,000 for more than one decade.
The researchers attributed the gap largely to the fact that wages for workers with high school educations have decreased dramatically, widening the income gap between these workers and more educated ones.
It is also taking Americans far less time to recoup the costs of going to college than it did several decades ago. It took graduates an average of 25 years to make up for the costs of getting a bachelor's degree in the late 1970s, the researchers said. Today it takes on average 10 years.
College may not be the ideal choice for some people, and these figures represent the averages for all graduates. But by and large, the report shows that college is still a worthwhile investment -- Zuckerbergs of the world be damned.
More:

Duck Dynasty  Star Calls For  Conversion Or Deathreddit
Phil Robertson, one of the stars of the " Duck Dynasty " reality TV show, says Islamic militants waging a campaign of war and terror in Syria and Iraq either need some Jesus or need to be killed.
"In this case, you either have to convert them, which I think would be next to impossible. I'm not giving up on them, but I'm just saying either convert them or kill them ," Robertson said on the Fox News show "Hannity" on Tuesday night. "One or the other."
Robertson compared ISIS to "street gangs, street thugs on steroids" and said "we're going to have to deal with this group way more harshly than we have up to this point."
"Because they're so harsh," host Sean Hannity added. "I know there are going to be people always looking to jump on you and say 'convert them or kill them,' and they're going to say 'there goes Phil Robertson again.' I know the media. I know how they act."
Robertson said his first choice is Jesus.
"I'd much rather have a Bible study with all of them and show them the error of their ways and point them to Jesus Christ," Robertson said. "However, if it's a gunfight and a gunfight alone, if that's what they're looking for, me personally, I am prepared for either one."
Robertson had a Bible with him on the set and quoted scripture throughout in the interview. However, it's not clear which passage he may have been referring to with his call for conversion or death.
ISIS militants have carried out forced conversions of their own while taking control of towns with non-Islamic populations and killing those who have refused . In some cases, women of other faiths have been ordered to not only convert to Islam but also leave their husbands and marry jihadi fighters .
Members of other faiths have also been fleeing from their homes as Islamic militants advance on their communities.

The Wal-Mart-ization of education: Wal-Mart wants classrooms to run more like a business  teachers are fighting backreddit
As part of Wal-Mart's back-to-school marketing efforts, the company recently launched a series of teacher appreciation videos, ads, hashtags and discounts. Teachers--who routinely dig deep into their own pockets to pay for supplies and materials for their students--are grateful for appreciation in all its forms. They are understandably less pleased when half-hearted discounts come from a company with a terrible track record for respecting its own employees and are accompanied by a large-scale effort to dismantle our nation's public education system and silence their voice. In fact, teachers are so offended by the so-called education reform agenda promoted by Wal-Mart's owners, the Waltons, that one teacher recently launched a petition calling on his peers not to shop at Wal-Mart this back-to-school season. More than 5,000 teachers have already added their names to his pledge.
A closer look at the Walton family's massive investment in "education" paints a clear picture of why teachers are so upset. Since 2000, the Walton Family Foundation has given more than $1 billion to destabilize public education--draining funds from students and closing neighborhood schools, and instead supporting corporate-style education policies in an attempt to bring Wal-Mart's business model to classrooms across the country.
With a collective $148 billion fortune, the Walton family is using their unfathomable wealth to exert outsized influence on school systems in cities across the country, often in communities where they neither reside nor do business. In Chicago, the Waltons gave $500,000 to support the process that resulted in the closure of nearly 50 public schools in underserved communities. Wal-Mart heir Alice Walton spent $2.25 million in 2012 alone to promote the charter and private school sectors in Georgia, Indiana and Washington--hundreds of miles from her current home state of Texas.
In California, the Walton Family Foundation cheered the recent attack on teachers' due process rights in the Vegara v. California decision, which not only strips teachers of the ability to advocate for their students without fear of retribution, but also suggests that teachers' needs are at odds with students' interests. One family member also contributed $250,000 to defeat a ballot measure that would have instituted public universal pre-K education for the state.
The Walton family's actions in the education realm are very familiar to those of us who know how the company does business. All too often, Wal-Mart fails to consult the communities it enters, drives out existing institutions and leaves those most vulnerable wondering how they'll bridge the gap.
Wal-Mart is a highly profitable corporation, reporting between $16 billion and $17 billion a year in profits. Just six members of the Walton family--the majority owners of the company--have more wealth than 42 percent of American families combined. Yet the majority of Wal-Mart workers are paid less than $25,000 a year.
Wal-Mart's low pay and erratic scheduling keep many of its employees and their families in poverty. Too many Wal-Mart moms and dads struggle to put food on the table and pay for doctor visits. And many Wal-Mart kids suffer because mom and dad don't have reliable scheduling that gets them home in time for homework, dinner or bedtime reading.
We know that poverty is one of the biggest factors affecting student achievement. The Waltons, who claim to have joined the education policy debate in order to provide a world-class education for all of America's children, not only actively work against our nation's public education system, but also contribute to the economic insecurity that keeps so many kids from getting the education they need and deserve.
The Walton's education agenda fails to address the fact that 1 out of every 2 children in our nation's public schools lives in poverty. In fact, as the largest private employer in the world, Wal-Mart chooses to keep the majority of its 1.3 million U.S. workers in poverty despite huge profits.
If the Walton family is truly interested in helping every child achieve a high-quality education, they could begin by committing to pay their own workers a decent wage. Instead of spending their billions to wipe out our nation's public school system, the Waltons could join the effort to reclaim the promise of public education in America--and ensure that we fulfill our collective obligation to help all children succeed by allowing their parents to succeed.
That's the kind of appreciation teachers want. As Amber Rain Chandler, a teacher in New York, said to Wal-Mart: "Don't discount the power of teachers."
Follow Randi Weingarten on Twitter: www.twitter.com/rweingarten
More:

New Simulation May Resolve Time Travel ParadoxNew Time Travel Simulation May Resolve 'Grandfather Paradox'
Scientific American  | By                                                                Lee Billings
Posted:
reddit
On June 28, 2009, the world-famous physicist Stephen Hawking threw a party at the University of Cambridge, complete with balloons, hors d'oeuvres and iced champagne. Everyone was invited but no one showed up. Hawking had expected as much, because he only sent out invitations after his party had concluded. It was, he said, "a welcome reception for future time travelers," a tongue-in-cheek experiment to reinforce his 1992 conjecture that travel into the past is effectively impossible.
But Hawking may be on the wrong side of history. Recent experiments offer tentative support for time travel's feasibility—at least from a mathematical perspective. The study cuts to the core of our understanding of the universe, and the resolution of the possibility of time travel, far from being a topic worthy only of science fiction, would have profound implications for fundamental physics as well as for practical applications such as quantum cryptography and computing.
Closed timelike curves
The source of time travel speculation lies in the fact that our best physical theories seem to contain no prohibitions on traveling backward through time. The feat should be possible based on Einstein's theory of general relativity, which describes gravity as the warping of spacetime by energy and matter. An extremely powerful gravitational field, such as that produced by a spinning black hole, could in principle profoundly warp the fabric of existence so that spacetime bends back on itself. This would create a "closed timelike curve," or CTC, a loop that could be traversed to travel back in time.
Hawking and many other physicists find CTCs abhorrent, because any macroscopic object traveling through one would inevitably create paradoxes where cause and effect break down. In a model proposed by the theorist David Deutsch in 1991, however, the paradoxes created by CTCs could be avoided at the quantum scale because of the behavior of fundamental particles, which follow only the fuzzy rules of probability rather than strict determinism. "It's intriguing that you've got general relativity predicting these paradoxes, but then you consider them in quantum mechanical terms and the paradoxes go away," says University of Queensland physicist Tim Ralph. "It makes you wonder whether this is important in terms of formulating a theory that unifies general relativity with quantum mechanics."
Experimenting with a curve
Recently Ralph and his PhD student Martin Ringbauer led a team that experimentally simulated Deutsch's model of CTCs for the very first time, testing and confirming many aspects of the two-decades-old theory. Their findings are published in Nature Communications. Much of their simulation revolved around investigating how Deutsch's model deals with the “grandfather paradox,” a hypothetical scenario in which someone uses a CTC to travel back through time to murder her own grandfather, thus preventing her own later birth. (Scientific American is part of Nature Publishing Group.)
Deutsch's quantum solution to the grandfather paradox works something like this:
Instead of a human being traversing a CTC to kill her ancestor, imagine that a fundamental particle goes back in time to flip a switch on the particle-generating machine that created it. If the particle flips the switch, the machine emits a particle—the particle—back into the CTC; if the switch isn't flipped, the machine emits nothing. In this scenario there is no a priori deterministic certainty to the particle's emission, only a distribution of probabilities. Deutsch's insight was to postulate self-consistency in the quantum realm, to insist that any particle entering one end of a CTC must emerge at the other end with identical properties. Therefore, a particle emitted by the machine with a probability of one half would enter the CTC and come out the other end to flip the switch with a probability of one half, imbuing itself at birth with a probability of one half of going back to flip the switch. If the particle were a person, she would be born with a one-half probability of killing her grandfather, giving her grandfather a one-half probability of escaping death at her hands—good enough in probabilistic terms to close the causative loop and escape the paradox. Strange though it may be, this solution is in keeping with the known laws of quantum mechanics.
In their new simulation Ralph, Ringbauer and their colleagues studied Deutsch's model using interactions between pairs of polarized photons within a quantum system that they argue is mathematically equivalent to a single photon traversing a CTC. "We encode their polarization so that the second one acts as kind of a past incarnation of the first,” Ringbauer says. So instead of sending a person through a time loop, they created a stunt double of the person and ran him through a time-loop simulator to see if the doppelganger emerging from a CTC exactly resembled the original person as he was in that moment in the past.
By measuring the polarization states of the second photon after its interaction with the first, across multiple trials the team successfully demonstrated Deutsch's self-consistency in action. "The state we got at our output, the second photon at the simulated exit of the CTC, was the same as that of our input, the first encoded photon at the CTC entrance," Ralph says. "Of course, we're not really sending anything back in time but [the simulation] allows us to study weird evolutions normally not allowed in quantum mechanics."
Those "weird evolutions" enabled by a CTC, Ringbauer notes, would have remarkable practical applications, such as breaking quantum-based cryptography through the cloning of the quantum states of fundamental particles. "If you can clone quantum states,” he says, “you can violate the Heisenberg uncertainty principle,” which comes in handy in quantum cryptography because the principle forbids simultaneously accurate measurements of certain kinds of paired variables, such as position and momentum. "But if you clone that system, you can measure one quantity in the first and the other quantity in the second, allowing you to decrypt an encoded message."
"In the presence of CTCs, quantum mechanics allows one to perform very powerful information-processing tasks, much more than we believe classical or even normal quantum computers could do," says Todd Brun, a physicist at the University of Southern California who was not involved with the team's experiment. "If the Deutsch model is correct, then this experiment faithfully simulates what could be done with an actual CTC. But this experiment cannot test the Deutsch model itself; that could only be done with access to an actual CTC."
Alternative reasoning
Deutsch's model isn’t the only one around, however. In 2009 Seth Lloyd, a theorist at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, proposed an alternative , less radical model of CTCs that resolves the grandfather paradox using quantum teleportation and a technique called post-selection, rather than Deutsch's quantum self-consistency. With Canadian collaborators, Lloyd went on to perform successful laboratory simulations of his model in 2011. "Deutsch's theory has a weird effect of destroying correlations," Lloyd says. "That is, a time traveler who emerges from a Deutschian CTC enters a universe that has nothing to do with the one she exited in the future. By contrast, post-selected CTCs preserve correlations, so that the time traveler returns to the same universe that she remembers in the past."
This property of Lloyd's model would make CTCs much less powerful for information processing, although still far superior to what computers could achieve in typical regions of spacetime. "The classes of problems our CTCs could help solve are roughly equivalent to finding needles in haystacks," Lloyd says. "But a computer in a Deutschian CTC could solve why haystacks exist in the first place.”
Lloyd, though, readily admits the speculative nature of CTCs. “I have no idea which model is really right. Probably both of them are wrong,” he says. Of course, he adds, the other possibility is that Hawking is correct, “that CTCs simply don't and cannot exist." Time-travel party planners should save the champagne for themselves—their hoped-for future guests seem unlikely to arrive.
Also on HuffPost:

Bernie Madoff s Son Dies Of CancerAndrew Madoff Dead, Son Of Bernie Madoff Had Lymphoma
Reuters
reddit
NEW YORK - OCTOBER 26:  60 Minutes interviewed Bernie Madoff's son, Andrew (shown), for a story that will provide the first inside account from the immediate family of the man who stole billions of dollars. Image is a screen grab. (Photo by CBS via Getty Images)
By Joseph Ax
NEW YORK, Sept 3 (Reuters) - Andrew Madoff, the son of convicted fraudster Bernard Madoff, died on Wednesday from cancer, his lawyer said. He was 48.
"Andrew Madoff has lost his courageous battle against mantle cell lymphoma," lawyer Martin Flumenbaum said in a statement. "He died peacefully at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center on September 3, 2014, surrounded by his loving family."
Bernard Madoff is serving a 150-year prison sentence after pleading guilty to operating a massive Ponzi scheme estimated to have cost investors $17 billion in lost principal. His other son, Mark Madoff, committed suicide in 2010 on the second anniversary of his father's arrest.
Both Madoff sons denied knowing about the fraud and were never criminally charged in connection with the scheme. They turned their father in to authorities in December 2008, saying he had confessed to them.
However, the guilty plea of former Madoff adviser Paul Konigsberg in June included reference to the brothers as "co-conspirators," suggesting prosecutors were still considering criminal charges against Andrew Madoff, sources told Reuters.
Meanwhile, the trustee seeking to recover money for Bernard Madoff's victims filed civil claims against Andrew Madoff and the estate of Mark Madoff, accusing the brothers of aiding the fraud and collecting millions of dollars in illicit profits.
Most recently in July, the trustee, Irving Picard, asserted in a court filing that the brothers deleted emails linking them to the scheme at Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC and used sham loans to buy luxury apartments in Manhattan.
Defense lawyers denied the claims and pointed to a ruling from the United Kingdom's High Court of Justice last October against Picard that concluded the brothers did not suspect fraud.
A spokeswoman for Picard said in a statement that the trustee and his team "were very sorry to learn of Andrew Madoff's death and they extend their sympathies to his family."
Last year, Andrew Madoff told the magazine People he would "never forgive" his father for his crimes and blamed a recurrence of his cancer on the stress caused by his father's arrest and conviction. (Reporting by Joseph Ax; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe, Noeleen Walder and Jonathan Oatis)
More:

India  US and the bounds of goodwillTo their credit, both Modi and Obama have taken early steps to sweep prior diplomatic and personal slights under the carpet in an effort to pick up where the Manmohan Singh government lost steam. Source: CR Sasikumar
Written by Daniel Markey | Posted: September 4, 2014 12:11 am | Updated: September 4, 2014 6:02 am
Modi and Obama are off to a fine start. But New Delhi and Washington must improve habits of interaction even where they have differences.
What would it take to turn the US-India relationship from a budding, if tumultuous, romance into a committed, cooperative partnership?
The question has plagued policymakers in Washington for the past decade, and it was surely on the Barack Obama administration’s mind recently as a string of top US cabinet officials visited New Delhi, paying their respects to Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s new government and setting the stage for a summit in Washington later this month. Despite warm and apparently productive meetings that spanned a wide range of strategic, commercial and military topics, the question lingers. The grey cloud of scepticism hangs overhead mainly because, over the past several years, red carpets and fine words have too rarely been matched by tangible accomplishments.
The stakes, of course, are far greater than any upcoming summit. For Delhi, the US offers a potential means to accelerate the expansion of India’s national power and prosperity, whether through access to high technology armaments or through billions of dollars in private sector investment. For the US, India represents a rising power in Asia and the allure of a massive market for American goods and services.
With these aspirations in mind, both sides are inclined to emphasise their similarities, starting with shared political principles and practices. Secretary of Defence Chuck Hagel, for his part, observed that India and the US are unusual for having political systems in which “the son of a tea seller” and the “child of a Kenyan father” can rise to become prime minister or president. The mantra of a “natural partnership” between India and the US has been mouthed religiously by leaders in both capitals ever since the last BJP government sat in Delhi.
A shared attachment to democracy undeniably opens the door to trust and understanding in ways that are never quite managed with non-democratic states. Wars between democracies are — as so many international relations theorists inform us — historically unprecedented. For theoretical and practical reasons that are widely appreciated, we have the luxury of taking for granted that military conflict between India and the US is inconceivable. Sadly, this is not true for many of the other players in Asia.
That said, the commonalities of democracy have never been enough to pull India and the US into a trusting embrace. Too many irritants, not to mention genuine differences of national interest, have got in the way. The continued…

Meredith Vieira Prepared To Walk Awayreddit
Meredith Vieira revealed some contract details about her upcoming daytime show in an interview with TV Guide published Tuesday.
The former "Today" show co-host is prepping for the debut of her new show, "The Meredith Vieira Show," on September 8. The show will tape in New York City on a set that resembles the host's home, NBC said last year. But with Katie Couric's talk show cutting the cord , it's no secret that daytime is a tough slot to win, and Vieira is not naive to the fact.
In the interview, she was very open about her plan if things start going awry.
"I have a clause that allows me to get out at the end of the year if I don't want to do it anymore or if it's going in a direction [I'm not happy with]," she told TV Guide. "Everything is great until the numbers come in and then it's, 'Oh, we need you to do this.'"
She related her situation to Couric's, a comparison that has often been made ahead of the show's debut. Couric was reportedly unhappy with the "gossipy" angle her show was taking rather than having a focus on more serious news.
"If we did go down a path that wasn't me, I could leave and everybody would understand," Vieira said.
Though it's still too soon to say how the show will do, signs so far have pointed in the right direction. She surely has the experience, and the viewer following. In October, the show was cleared by NBCUniversal Domestic Television Distribution in more than 60 percent of the United States.
But the host also has a history of knowing when it's time to walk away. She left "60 Minutes" in 1991 after the show's creator, Don Hewitt, refused to let her work as a part-time correspondent after her second child was born. And she turned down an almost $20-million-a-year deal from "Today" to give more time to her family.
More:

Emmitt Smith Sounds Off On Cowboys  Jason Garrettreddit
For any sports fan sentient in the '90s, mentioning the Dallas Cowboys will forever conjure images of Emmitt Smith gashing defenses en route to the NFL all-time rushing record. Smith, along with quarterback Troy Aikman and receiver Michael Irvin, symbolizes the golden era of the franchise that yielded three Super Bowl rings.
Those days are long gone, something Smith readily admits. He stopped by HuffPost Live on Wednesday to talk football and had harsh words for the current Cowboys team and organization.
"There's no identity for the Dallas Cowboys as far as I'm concerned," Smith told host Marc Lamont Hill . "There's no balance there. Are we doing enough to help our beleaguered defense? ... I see us having a struggle this season."
From 1993 to 1999, Smith played with Cowboys head coach Jason Garrett, who was a backup quarterback for most of his time in uniform. Smith admits his friend hasn't been up to snuff as a head coach thus far.
"8-8 doesn't say so," Smith said of Garrett, who has finished with a .500 record in each of his three full seasons as head coach. "I don't think [owner] Jerry [Jones] has that kind of control. The control has to go with the head coach. He's the one that sets the tempo for the entire organization ... I love Jason Garrett. I played with him. I know he's a smart guy. At the end of the day, though, it's about wins and losses."
Watch the rest of the clip above, and catch the rest of Smith's full HuffPost Live conversation here .
Sign up here for Live Today, HuffPost Live's new morning email that will let you know the newsmakers, celebrities and politicians joining us that day and give you the best clips from the day before!
Also on HuffPost:
NFL Odds: First Coach Fired
of

Teachers Day: Many city schools cant screen Modi address on same dayMost schools, however, claim they are yet to receive any notification from the state.
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 4, 2014 1:07 am
While Union Human Resource Development (HRD) minister Smriti Irani has said that the participation of schools and students to watch Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s upcoming Teachers’ Day address live was “voluntary” and not compulsory, schools across Mumbai are busy chalking out plans to screen the same.
Schools across the country had been directed to make arrangements to screen the address by the Centre. The Maharashtra government had also, in a separate circular, directed the deputy director of school education to screen the speech live.
Most schools, however, claim they are yet to receive any notification from the state.
The Maharashtra State Secondary and Higher Secondary School Principals’ Association, meanwhile, has written to the state education department, asking it to issue an official notification over the screening of the PM’s speech. According to them, schools are clueless whether it is compulsory or voluntary.
While some schools say they will be able to screen the address on September 5th itself, several others said they can do so only the next day.
Some schools claim they do not have a place big enough for accommodating all their students together at one time.
Others say they have declared a holiday on Teacher’s Day and hence will screen the address on September 6.
Grace Mathais, principal of Queen Mary school, Byculla
We have not received any official circular yet. Hence we have not decided whether to screen the PM’s address or not. We will wait for an official communication from the education department. Till then, we have no plans of screening the speech.”
Seema Buch, principal of Gudecha Education Academy, Kandivali
We have declared a holiday for students on September 5, so we can take all our teachers for lunch on the occasion of Teachers’ Day. Our Teachers’ Day celebrations will be held on September 4 itself. We have, however, asked our students to watch the PM’s address at home and take down points. We will have a discussion on the same with our students the next day in the school.”
Meera Korde, director of Saraswati Vidyalaya, Thane
Our school is re-opening on September 5 after the Ganesh Chaturthi vacation. We have not received any official circular. Once we get the circular, we will screen it for the students. If not possible on September 5, we will do it the following day.
Gool Ghadiali, principal of Gopal Sharma International School, Powai
It will be difficult to ask all our students to stay back till evening and so we have decided to record it and screen it for them the next day after the school’s assembly.
Ragini Mahajan, principal of Saraswati School, Chembur
In our school we do not have an auditorium or hall big enough to accommodate all our students at one time. Hence, we have decided to record the PM’s speech and screen it in every classroom the next day.
Hanif Kanjer, director continued…

Gov: Can act if I get something in writingClosed apartment of footballer Ramirez Barreto in South Kolkata on Wednesday. ( Source: Express photo by Subham Dutta )
Written by Sabyasachi Bandopadhyay | Kolkata | Posted: September 4, 2014 4:07 am | Updated: September 5, 2014 8:53 am
With names of several top Trinamool Congress leaders, including Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, cropping up in the nearly Rs 2,460-crore Saradha chit fund scam, West Bengal Governor Kesari Nath Tripathi Wednesday said he can take any action only if something is placed before him in writing.
“I have seen the reports in the newspapers but nothing has come up to me in black and white. No agency has come to me. So, I cannot take a call or make a comment in this regard. I will only go by what the files tell me. I will take action on the basis of what is written in the files,” Tripathi said talking to The Indian Express.
This was the first time the Governor reacted to the scam after taking charge of the Raj Bhavan on July 24.
The parallel investigations by the Enforcement Directorate and the CBI have put the ruling TMC in a spot. The CBI probe has found that a subsidiary of Saradha Group —- Saradha Tours and Travels —- had entered into a contract with the IRCTC when Mamata was the rail minister. Name of state transport minister Madan Mitra to has cropped as an alleged beneficiary of the Sardha’s ill-gotten money. Another minister, Shyamapada Mukherjee, was recently grilled by the ED.
The Opposition parties, meanwhile, said they will soon meet the Governor regarding the scam. “We will tell him about the whole Saradha scam in which top leaders and ministers of the TMC are involved. We will also tell him about the deteriorating law and order situation and the atrocities meted out to women in the state. We will demand that he take action and rein in this government of which he is the constitutional head,” Adhir Ranjan Chaudhury, Pradesh Congress chief, told The Indian Express.
CPI-M state committee member Rabin Deb echoed Adhir. “We have decided to meet the Governor in this regard. Being the constitutional head, he has a role to play as the image of his government is being tainted,” Deb said.
The BJP, however, said it won’t meet the Governor or seek action against the ministers. “We have full faith in what CBI is doing. We are sure that the top brass of the government will land in the CBI net. We won’t have to tell the Governor about it,” Rahul Sinha, state BJP chief, told The Indian Express.
A joint investigation report of West Bengal Police and Enforcement Directorate (ED), has pegged the Saradha chit fund scam at Rs 2,460 crore with 80 per cent of the depositors’ money still remaining unpaid.
Mamata govt made all-out effort to stop CBI: retd SC judge
Express News Service
Kolkata: Retired Supreme Court Justice and former chairman of West Bengal Human Rights Commission Ashok Ganguly on Wednesday slammed continued…

Death stalkscon city roadsDinesh Genjage, 25, died in an accident last week. His friends put up a condolence message in his tribute.
Written by Manoj Dattatrye More | Pune | Posted: September 4, 2014 9:23 am
129 two-wheeler riders dead in 8 months z Only one was wearing helmet z 21-year-old in coma since May
ON May 7, Amit Waghere (21), a resident of Pimprigaon fell from a two-wheeler after it hit a speed-breaker on Pimple Saudagar-Pimprigaon Road. Amit suffered head injuries and was admitted to a private hospital. The next day, he slipped into a coma and he is still in hospital.
Amit’s family spent Rs 35 lakh on treatment. “Amit opens his eyes, can’t speak a word and sometimes responds by moving his head. But he can’t do anything on his own. He can’t even get up from bed,” says Prabhakar Waghere, his uncle. Amit is likely to be discharged in a couple of days. “The doctors have told us that it takes time for a patient of head injury to recover,” says Waghere, adding they are all hopeful Amit would return to his best.
While Amit survived the accident, 129 families lost a key member each. In the eight months  since January 1 to August 31, 129 people riding two-wheelers have lost their lives. According to traffic police, the deaths occurred on roads in Pune city, Pimpri-Chinchwad and cantonment areas.
Every year, 225 to 240 two-wheeler riders die on Pune’s roads. Of the 129 who lost their lives, only one had helmet on. He has been identified as Balaji Randive (26) of Jadhavwadi Chikhli. Randive died after his two-wheeler was hit by a truck in Nigdi area. His death occurred as he was run over by a heavy vehicle, the police said.
Of the 129 deaths, 90 two-wheeler riders are in the age group of 18-45. In the 18-20 age group, 8 two-wheeler riders have died. In the 21-24 age group, 16 died. In the 25-34 age-group, 43 two-wheelers riders have died and in the 35-45 age-group, 23 died.
The figure of 129 deaths, police say, is misleading. The deaths could be much more as 182 two-wheeler riders were seriously injured in accidents since January this year. Also, 225 two-wheeler riders suffered minor injuries. The traffic police department does not have information regarding those seriously injured. “If they were seriously injured, and suffered head injuries, chances of recovery is less. Some of them must have died, but we do not have complete information and cannot hazard a guess,” say traffic cops. PMPML buses, the city’s transport service which have earned  the tag of a killer service, caused the death of 10 two-wheeler riders and seriously injured 10. PMPML joint managing director Pravin Ashtikar said they were strictly monitoring drivers on roads and traffic discipline among two-wheeler riders will reduce accidents. Among 129 dead are five below 18 years of age. An NCP leader, Shalaka Girme (31), a resident of Satavwadi in continued…

IG Cheema falsely implicated  says wife; demands high-level inquirySukhmani Cheema shows a copy of Chandigarh Newsline while answering questions during a press meet at Chandigarh Press Club on Wednesday. ( Source: Express photo by Sahil Walia )
Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: September 4, 2014 4:23 am | Updated: September 4, 2014 4:25 am
Wife of Punjab Police IG Gautam Cheema, who is on the run after a case of abduction was registered against him last week, has demanded a high-level probe into the ‘fraudulent’ land deals between alleged conman Devinder Singh Gill alias Devinder Singh Thapa and an ‘important lobby of Punjab IPS officers’ who, she alleged, were targetting her husband.
Holding a press conference here on Wednesday, the IG’s wife Sukhmani Cheema alleged that her husband was innocent. Among those after him were a ‘gang of criminals’ involved in cases of fraud, cheating and rape.
She said her husband and Devinder, who is now in jail, were once good friends. Certain IPS officers invested in Devinder’s projects. When Devinder’s fraud came to light, these officers first started approaching her husband for help to recover their money, and later turned against him for reasons she does not know.
“This campaign is headed by Kricspy Khera (wife of Devinder Singh) against whom also cases of cheating and fraud are pending with the Mohali Police for last one year,” she said.
Kricspy Khera has lodged a complaint of molestation against IG Cheema and Ajay Chaudhary, both of whom are also co-accused in the case of alleged abduction of Sumedh Gulati from the phase 1 police station. Gulati is Devinder’s business partner.
Sukhmani provided to media the CCTV footage from outside a private hospital to state that her husband never ‘abducted’ Gulati on the night of August 26, as mentioned in the FIR. “The FIR and CCTV footage are contradictory. Cheema went to the hospital where Sumedh Gulati arrived in a separate car with his wife later on. Where was the abduction?” she asked.
“Moreover, Cheema was accompanied by Vicky Verma and Vishal Utreja, both of whom are aides of Kricspy Khera.
“The truth is Cheema was called by Kricspy on the pretext of bringing the dispute to an end through discussion,” she said. Sukhmani said that two days before Kricspy tried to commit suicide, she had written a letter to Cheema saying that others were ‘benefiting’ from the ongoing fight between them. She said Kricspy gave details of some ‘monetary transactions’ also in the letter.
Sukhmani asserted that Cheema is ready to join any investigation, but if any injustice is done to him, she may have to disclose names of the IPS officers who have financial interests with the gang.
As for Kricspy’s complaint of molestation, she said, “I do not deny that Cheema went to Kricspy’s house on March 20, but the molestation charge is baseless. Initially, she complained that the incident took place on March 19, when my husband was in Allahabad.
“She changed her continued…

Michael Bloomberg to return as head of BloombergMichael Bloomberg to return as head of Bloomberg
Reuters  New York, September 04, 2014
First Published: 10:06 IST(4/9/2014) | Last Updated: 10:10 IST(4/9/2014)
Comments
Former New York mayor Michael Bloomberg will return as head of Bloomberg LP, the data and financial news company he founded in 1981, replacing Daniel Doctoroff who has decided to step aside, the company said on Wednesday.
The privately held company, in which Bloomberg is the majority shareholder, said Doctoroff would step aside as president and chief executive at year-end.
Bloomberg, whose fortune is estimated at more than $32 billion, had expected to spend much of his time on philanthropic efforts after leaving office in late 2013. Those efforts have included fights for public health and gun control.
"This is a sad day for me and my company," Bloomberg said in a statement. "I really wanted Dan to stay and continue in his leadership role. But I understand his decision."
Bloomberg, who stepped down as New York mayor last December,  added he "never intended to come back to Bloomberg LP" after 12 years as New York's mayor.
Bloomberg competes with Thomson Reuters.
Doctoroff became Bloomberg LP president in 2008 and CEO in July 2011. During that period, the company's revenues increased from $5.4 billion to more than $9 billion, he said in a memo to the company's employees.
"So why have I decided to leave now?," Doctoroff said in the memo. "Simply put, while Mike never intended to come back full time, after he left City Hall and started to get to know the company again, he rediscovered what an exciting and incredible place this is. So he naturally wanted to be more involved." 
Doctoroff, 56, a former New York deputy mayor, told the New York Times that he informed Bloomberg two weeks ago that he intended to resign. Bloomberg encouraged him to stay.
"This wasn't the plan," Bloomberg told the Times. "It was his idea. If it was up to me, he would have stayed."
Bloomberg started the company in 1981, using a $10 million severance package he received after he was laid off after investment bank Salomon Brothers had been acquired. He had headed equity trading at Salomon.
During Doctoroff's tenure at the company, the numbers of subscriptions for its terminals have grown from 273,000 to 321,000, the company said in a statement. The company expanded from providing financial information to markets for legal, government and alternative energy information.
Doctoroff stressed he was not leaving for another opportunity, but would focus more of his time on non-profit activities. He also accepted Bloomberg's invitation to join the board of the Bloomberg Philanthropies, the former Mayor said in the statement.

Mexico unveils futuristic design for new $9 billion airportMexico unveils futuristic design for new $9 billion airport
Reuters  Mexico City, September 04, 2014
First Published: 12:46 IST(4/9/2014) | Last Updated: 12:54 IST(4/9/2014)
Comments
Mexico's government on Wednesday unveiled the winning design for a new, futuristic, spider-shaped airport for the capital that will ease delays and boost capacity at a cost of 120 billion pesos ($9.17 billion) in public and private funding.
Handout picture released by the Mexican Presidency showing a model of the project for the new airport in Mexico City. (AFP Photo)
British architect Norman Foster and Fernando Romero, a son-in-law of Mexican tycoon Carlos Slim, showcased their winning, airy design in the form of an X with arching spans at the presidential palace.
The new six-runway project will be built next to the Benito Juarez International Airport on the eastern flank of Mexico City, where the government already owns land.
"This airport is the first of its kind in the world," Foster said. "It doesn't have a conventional roof. It doesn't have vertical walls. It doesn't have columns in the normal sense."
He cited challenges that include frequent earthquakes and the fact that the capital lies on a lake bed.
Telecoms and Transport Minister Gerardo Ruiz Esparza said he expected construction to start in mid-2015.
The government is in negotiations with US engineering firm Parsons to take on the role of construction manager, he said.
Mexico's government will finance the first stage of the new airport and aims to issue up to 30-year bonds to finance later stages, a senior project official said.
Federico Patino, financial director of the project, said it would be financed through 2016 using money from the government's budget and two loans totaling up to $3 billion, and backed by earnings from the current airport.
The first loan is $1 billion from banks BBVA, HSBC, Grupo Financiero Inbursa and Citigroup and is set to close next month, Patino said.
After 2016, Mexico would seek to complement budget funds for the project with the issue of dollar-denominated 30-year bonds to the tune of $6 billion, he added.
Factoring in projects including construction management and water-related issues on the site will raise the overall cost of the airport to 169 billion pesos ($12.9 billion).
Ultimately the government hopes to boost capacity to 120 million passengers a year within 50 years.
Ruiz Esparza said that the current airport would close, with the land being used for university buildings and cargo.
The project follows an abortive bid to build a new airport near the chosen site under former President Vicente Fox. That effort met with violent protests in which demonstrators armed with machetes and Molotov cocktails took 19 officials hostage after the government initially offered locals around 70 cents per square meter for land. It was canceled in 2002.
Foster is one of the world's most famous architects, and his practice, Foster + Partners, has designed dozens of high-profile projects around the world, including Beijing Airport and London's Wembley Stadium.
His firm also designed a London office building later nicknamed "the Gherkin" for its rounded shape, which has become one of the city's leading landmarks.
Romero is married to Soumaya Slim, a daughter of one of the world's richest men, and is the head of FR-EE Fernando Romero Enterprise.
The firm designed Mexico City's distinctive Museo Soumaya, which houses much of Slim's personal art collection behind its sloping, silvery walls.
Slim, who controls Mexican telecoms giant America Movil, is behind a diversified empire that spans mining, banking and retail. Analysts say Slim's Grupo Carso and builder ICA are likely to bid for construction contracts.

CCI begins public scrutiny of Sun-Ranbaxy deal; seeks commentsComments
In the first-ever public scrutiny of an M&A deal in India, fair trade watchdog CCI on Thursday invited comments from all stakeholders, including general public, on finer details of $4-billion merger of Ranbaxy Labs into rival drugmaker Sun Pharmaceuticals.
The comments need to be submitted to the CCI (Competition Commission of India) within 15 days, along with supporting documents on how the merger can adversely impact the concerned person or entity, the regulator said, while adding that it would not consider 'unsubstantiated objections' to the deal.
The CCI said the public consultation process has been launched "in order to determine whether the combination has or is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India".
Widening its scrutiny of the multi-billion dollar deal, CCI had asked the two pharma majors on August 27 to make public specific details of their proposed merger.
This is the first instance where the CCI has ordered a public scrutiny of a proposed merger and acquisition (M&A) deal to ensure compliance to fair trade regulations.
Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy, which had announced a $4-billion deal in April this year, were asked to make public details of their proposed transaction in a "prescribed format", which has been now put in public domain for "comments/objections/suggestions" from any person adversely affected or likely to be affected by the combination.
CCI chairman Ashok Chawla also said on August 29 that major issue in the deal is whether the combination would result in high market concentration of certain molecules.
"The major issues obviously are that in many of the molecules, the basic building block in the pharmaceutical industry, whether in some of those molecules there is high market concentration which will emerge as a result (of the consolidation). That is the matter," Chawla said.
The $4-billion deal would create the fifth largest speciality generics company in the world and the largest pharmaceutical company in India.
The combined entity would have operations in 65 countries, 47 manufacturing facilities across 5 continents, and a significant platform of speciality and generic products marketed globally.
In April, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries announced it would acquire troubled rival Ranbaxy Laboratories in a USD 4-billion deal that includes $800 million debt. The transaction has valued Ranbaxy at 2.2 times its $1.8 billion revenue for 2013, or about Rs. 457 per share.
The deal has got 'no-objection' from the two exchanges, BSE and NSE, where the shares of two firms are listed, allowing them to file their scheme of amalgamation with the High Court for further clearance of the deal.

10 stocks burning past the competition10 stocks burning past the competition
By: Matt Krantz September 4, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
BLOODHOUND Project
It’s tempting to think when stocks are in rally mode, it’s a win-win for everyone. But there are some clear runaway winners.
Each of the 10 sectors in the Standard & Poor’s 500 are seeing winning stocks burn past the competition, or at least, the other members of their sector. Some of these breakaway winners including single-cup brewer Keurig Green Mountain (GMCR) in the consumer staples industry, Newfield Exploration (NFX) in the energy sector and Southwest Airlines (LUV) in the industrial sector, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ.
When it comes to pulling ahead of the crowd, Keurig is the pace leader. The stock is up a blistering 77.3% this year, absolutely blowing away the 9% average gain of stocks in the consumer staples industry. When a company grows as fast as Keurig has, you can often expect this kind of stock-price action. Keurig reported second-quarter earnings of 99 cents a share, up 21% from the same period a year ago and easily topping expectations.
But just because a company has pulled ahead, it doesn’t mean it will continue to. Analysts are starting to cool off a bit on Keurig, setting an average 18-month price target of $125. That price target is actually nearly 7% below the current stock price. And analysts are starting to see earnings growth cooling at this company. Earnings per share are expected to be 13% lower in the third quarter and just 2.1% higher in the fourth. That’s not the kind of growth that makes a leader remain a leader for long.
Chart source: MSN Money
Another company soaring past its rivals is Southwest Airlines. Shares of the stock are up 72.9% this year, sailing by the 5.8% average gain of stocks in the industrials industry. Airlines are hot this year and Southwest is certainly part of that momentum. Better economics for the industry, including occupancy and fares, help explain why analysts see Southwest’s earnings rising 58% this year. But also at work in Southwest’s relative standout performance is the fact that industrial stocks aren’t exactly rocketing. Poor performances from industrial stocks like construction engineering firm Jacobs Engineering (JEC) , Pentair (PNR) and Precision Castparts (PCP) drag down the sector, making it easier for winners like Southwest to stand out. Jacobs, Pentair and Precision Castparts are down 15.4%, 13% and 10.5% this year, respectively.
Chart source: MSN Money
It’s difficult to know if these runaway winners can keep burning by the competition — and with Keurig, analysts have their doubts. But for now, investors are loving the ride.
The top performing stocks in each of the industry sectors in the S&P 500:
Company

Bernie Madoff s Son DiesTODAY   |  September 04, 2014
Bernie Madoff’s son dies
Andrew Madoff has died after a long battle with lymphoma. The sad news puts the Madoff family back in the spotlight once again. NBC’s Stephanie Gosk reports.
Share This:
Al Pacino: I was offered Han Solo role in ‘Star Wars’
TODAY
Study: Exercise can help kids with ADHD
TODAY
Joe Biden: ‘No man has a right to raise a hand to a woman’
TODAY
Mel Brooks sets hands (with extra finger) in cement
TODAY
Air marshal stabbed with syringe
TODAY
Stores sell food past expiration date
TODAY
Study: Early treatment may reduce autism symptoms
TODAY
Reports: Apple set to reveal new iPhone, iWatch
TODAY
Fourth Ebola patient to arrive in US
TODAY
Roller coaster goes up in flames near L.A.
TODAY
Tornado’s terrifying moments caught on camera
TODAY

Vizag Port in expansion modeUpdated: September 5, 2014 00:20 IST
Vizag Port in expansion mode
Santosh Patnaik
Photo: K.R. Deepak BEEHIVE OF ACTIVITY: With an investment of Rs.13,000 crore on mechanisation, Visakhapatnam Port expects to emerge as most preferred port of South Asia.
TOPICS
waterway and maritime transport
Aims to become most preferred port of South Asia
With a target to achieve 85 million tonnes capacity by 2015 by undertaking mechanisation, Visakhapatnam Port is cruising ahead to become the most preferred port of South Asia.
Taking advantage of its strategic location and huge hinterland, investment to the tune of Rs.13,000 crore is being made for extension of container terminal by J. M. Baxi Group and modernisation of ore handling complex by Essar Ports, deepening of channels and berths and installation of state-of-the-art handling facilities and other logistics. “Not only increasing volumes, we are also making serious efforts to handle 90 per cent of our cargo in a mechanised environment within a year so as to put pollution at bare minimum,” Visakhapatnam Port Trust Chairman M. T. Krishna Babu told The Hindu.
Inner harbour dredging, which hit a roadblock due to variety of reasons, is being speeded up. Dredging Corporation of India (DCI) had already dug up 10 per cent of one million cubic metres. DCI is likely to complete the job in two months. Dharti Dredging, which has been given contract for rock dredging, is expected to complete 100 metres of channel width by October-end.
Mr. Krishna Babu said Adani Vizag Coal Terminal, part of Adani Group, could handle Panamax vessels due to increase in draught from November.
Mechanised coal handling facility has been developed by the group with an investment of Rs.400 crore.
He said other berths in the inner harbour were not in a position to handle Panamax vessels without lightening as they lacked required foundation.
Vizag Sea Ports Ltd., which developed EQ 8 and 9 under BOT about 14 years ago, can handle Panamax with some modification.
Mr. Krishna Babu said WQ 7 and 8, which were under construction, would have 16 metre draught. He said they had engaged Indian Port Association to conduct a study to modernise EQ 2 to 5 berths. Draught of WQ 1 to 3 berths is being increased from 11 metres to 12 metres.

Preseason notes: Caps announce rookie camp scheduleBy Alex Prewitt September 4 Follow @alex_prewitt
(Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
With rookie camp around the corner, training camp not far behind, the regular season lurking within a month and me still on a non-hockey assignment this week, here are some notes on various Washington Capitals happenings, in the interest of consolidation.
>> Speaking of rookie camp, the six-day session will commence on Thursday, Sept. 11 with a 3 p.m. practice at Kettler Capitals Iceplex, continue through four more practices and conclude with an exhibition against rookies from the Philadelphia Flyers on Sept. 16 at 3 p.m. at Philadelphia’s practice facility, Flyers Skate Zone.
According to a team release, Coach Barry Trotz and select players will be made available after each practice, so plenty of opportunities to get the first-year bench boss’s thoughts on the upcoming season before training camp actually begins on Sept. 19.
The release named forward Andre Burakovsky, a candidate to make the Capitals this season should he impress over the next several weeks, and 2014 first-round draft pick Jakub Vrana as two attendees at rookie camp. Forward Chandler Stephenson and goaltender Pheonix Copley were also named, but the full roster will be released later.
The full practice schedule is below. All are open to the public:
Thursday, Sept. 11: Practice (3-4 p.m.) and on-ice testing (4:15-5:15 p.m.)
Friday, Sept. 12: Practice (10-11 a.m.) and conditioning test (11 a.m.-12 p.m.)
Saturday, Sept. 13: Practice (9:30-10:15 a.m. and 10:15-11 a.m.)
Sunday, Sept. 14: Practice (9:30-10:15 a.m. and 10:15-11 a.m.)
Monday, Sept. 15: Practice (9:30-10:15 a.m. and 10:15-11 a.m.)
Tuesday, Sept. 16: Capitals at Flyers (3 p.m.)
>> The Capitals and CSN Mid-Atlantic announced a 75-game television schedule for the upcoming season, including five preseason games, the most ever broadcast by the network. NBC and NBC Sports Network will carry 12 Capitals games this season, including the 2015 Winter Classic vs. Chicago in D.C. on Jan. 1.
The full schedule, beginning with the preseason opener versus Buffalo on Sept. 21 at 5 p.m. at Verizon Center, is linked here .
>> The rumors of mutual interest between the Washington Capitals and fourth-line forward Paul Bissonnette have endured for weeks but faded somewhat recently as true vacation season arrived for the hockey world and most front-office action shut down.
Several weeks ago, Bissonnette’s agent said he was still in discussions with “a few teams” and a recent brief email exchange indicated that hadn’t changed. Several reports also pegged the Capitals as the favorite, and Bissonnette told B-Mac and Taylor on Team1040 that he was nearing a deal but awaiting a corresponding trade from that desired team.
“As of right now I kind of have something in the works with another team,” Bissonnette said on the Canadian radio station. “So I’m just hoping for a trade to go through and hopefully sign. As of right now, something needs to happen in order for me to sign and there’s no guarantees until you sign on the dotted line. I’m optimistic, but nonetheless, yeah, we’re getting pretty close here and I’m starting to get a little nervous.”
The Capitals would appear to fit into this window of a team needing to free up cap space to sign Bissonnette, given that the 29-year-old’s cap hit was $737,500 last season, close to Washington’s current window of roughly $1.1 million.
Among the possible options the Capitals have explored, several individuals with knowledge of the situation confirmed, is flipping the expiring contract of defenseman John Erskine to open cap space for signing Bissonnette. One source said teams have inquired about Erskine’s availability, but didn’t expect anything to happen – if at all – until the preseason began and general managers returned to their posts.
This aligns with an earlier report that the Capitals had called NHL teams to gauge interest in acquiring Erskine, who is entering the second and final year of a two-year deal annually worth $1.9625 million per season, according to CapGeek. He appeared in 37 games last season but was a healthy scratch for 16 of the final 18 and missed a month earlier into the season while still recovering from offseason knee surgery.
Entering the second and final year of a two-year deal annually worth $1.9625 million per season, according to CapGeek , the 34-year-old Erskine could serve as a quick rental for another team looking to hire a tough blue-liner with a favorable contract. Erskine appeared in 37 games last season but was a healthy scratch for 16 of the final 18. He also missed a month early into the season while still recovering from offseason knee surgery.
>> That said, a recent interview Trotz conducted with NHL.com did not include Dmitry Orlov among “the locks to be in the top-six” defensively yet did include Erskine among those competing for a top-six spot. From that piece:
Trotz, though, included Orlov in the conversation with John Erskine, Jack Hillen, Steve Olesky, Nate Schmidt and Cameron Schilling.
“I’m probably thinking of a [Matt] Niskanen-[Karl] Alzner pair and either [John] Carlson or [Mike] Green with [Brooks] Orpik, or a combination of those five rotating a bit,” Trotz said. “In the six-seven hole, we’ve got Erskine and [Jack] Hillen, who are more veteran, and some young guys coming up like Orlov and [Steven] Olesky, [Cam] Schilling and [Nate] Schmidt. They all will vie for it. I really think there is going to be a lot of competition for the six through eight spots.”
So if Erskine impresses, particularly while Orlov recovers from a broken wrist , Capitals brass might be hesitant to deal him. Then again, if the return price is right, signing Bissonnette remains on the list of desires — which it evidently has this summer — and mutual interest ignites this preseason, things could change.
>> During that NHL.com interview, Trotz also nipped in the bud any faint idea that Niskanen and Orpik, teammates with the Penguins last season, would be paired together. This makes sense, given that neither were in each other’s top 10 in on-ice pairings last season .
>> Schilling, it should be noted, hasn’t been announced as signing a new contract as a restricted free agent, but Trotz mentioning the 25-year-old bears significance.
>> Speaking of Bears, Washington’s AHL affiliate in Hershey announced Wednesday the one-year signing of forward Joe Diamond, who played 37 games (12 points) with the AHL’s Bridgeport Sound Tigers last season. He previously played four seasons at the University of Maine before signing a one-year deal with the Islanders organization.
>> Goaltending coach Mitch Korn has pieced together one of his famous training props. Stay tuned this preseason for a feature from Korn’s goalie camp earlier this summer.
Put together my new screen board courtesy of Jim Olcott from Duluth MN. Ready to challenge Holtby and Peters tomoro pic.twitter.com/sle3pe2VZb
— Mitch Korn (@mitchkorncaps) September 3, 2014
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=sports, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409854012/1409854012000/1409854012 tracking: {authors=Alex Prewitt, blog_name=capitals-insider, content_category=Sports, in_url_headline=preseason-notes-capitals-announce-rookie-camp-schedule, post_id=14859, section={section=sports, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 4, 2014 6:06:52 PM close date: Sep 18, 2014 6:06:52 PM

A world retreating from globalisationSeptember 4, 2014 5:46 pm
The world is marching back from globalisation
By Philip Stephens
The US does not see a vital national interest in upholding an order that shifts power to rivals
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8fbed9de-3380-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dear Pradhan MantrijiTheir salary and work conditions are pathetic. Most states have come up with schemes to recruit cheap, unqualified teachers.
Posted: September 5, 2014 12:05 am
By: Yogendra Yadav
I have had occasions to disagree with your politics and policies. But I write this letter not as a member of an opposition party but as an ex-teacher, a parent and a citizen.
I come from a teachers’ family. My great grandfather was a schoolteacher, and so was my grandfather. My father retired as a college teacher and my mother as a schoolteacher. I had little choice, especially since I was born on Teachers’ Day. So, I taught at a university and married someone who is a university teacher. I am no longer a teacher by profession, but remain one at heart.
My daughter tells me that her school timings have been changed for today: instead of 8am to 2pm, it will be 12pm to 5pm. It is not a big bother for her. Perhaps she likes this change. But what bothers her is that all this is done to ensure that the entire school can listen to you on a big screen. She does not know what you are going to speak about. Now, she has no objection to listening to the prime minister. What she doesn’t understand is why she could not do so on TV at home. It’s a free country, she says, why can’t I have a choice? If it had to be done at school, why couldn’t you adjust your schedule to suit school timings?
I know you don’t mean to do this. Perhaps the decision was taken by some over-enthusiastic, control-freak babu. But even before you speak, you have unwittingly given my daughter a lesson in the rituals of power that go with the infamous VVIP culture: everything can be changed to suit saheb’s convenience. I don’t need to tell you this. Children learn little from official moral sermons. They learn from how their parents, teachers and peers conduct themselves.
I do not know how her teachers look upon this change. They are too discrete to talk about it, but I suspect they resent it. Not just for petty reasons of convenience but for something deeper. Their school has a beautiful way of celebrating Teachers’ Day that puts them at the centre. Now it puts you at the centre. It’s Teachers’ Day today (not Children’s Day), let it remain their day.
Perhaps the best way to mark this day would be to reflect on the status of about 50 lakh teachers in our country. A small minority of these teachers has a regular job, grade, scale, provident fund and all. They are paid better than my parents were, but they do not enjoy the same respect. My wife flares up when someone says that teaching is a good job for “ladies”, for what they mean is that it is full continued…

Obama dilemma as Putin holds all the cardsSeptember 4, 2014 7:54 pm
Putin’s Ukraine offensive puts Obama on the defensive
By Geoff Dyer
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c7e3a27e-3446-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lifes mundane moments can later bring unexpected joyA moment worth remembering.Reuters/Carlo Allegri
SHARE
Daniel A. Medina @dmedin11
September 4, 2014
In this selfie-obsessed era, it seems that any moment of the day that isn’t Instagram-worthy falls by the wayside. We all want to show our friends that delicious dish we ate and to document our trip to a museum exhibit that everyone’s talking about. But  a new study suggests that there is real value in capturing life’s mundane, everyday experiences; and that documentation of these moments can bring us “unexpected joy” in the future.
“We generally do not think about today’s ordinary moments as experiences that are worthy of being rediscovered in the future,” said lead researcher Tim Zhang, a psychological scientist at Harvard Business School, in a release on the paper. “However, our studies show that we are often wrong: What is ordinary now actually becomes more extraordinary in the future—and more extraordinary than we might expect.”
The researchers, all from the Harvard Business School, conducted several tests looking at how prediction error could explain why people are so intent to only document what they see as “extraordinary moments” through photos and mementos—and why they overlook more mundane moments, such as conversations with friends or a typical day at the office.
In one test, 135 college students created time capsules at the beginning of summer. In each capsule, they were instructed to write on topics such as a recent conversation with a friend and the last social event they attended.
For each memory, researchers had the participant predict how “curious and surprised” they would be to read about it three months later. The findings showed that the students had “significantly” underestimated their interest in the time capsules, and enjoyed the experience of re-reading the past conversations. The Harvard team repeated the study a second time, this time online, and the findings were virtually the same.
Participants, the researchers explained, were excited to go back and look into what they had talked about with friends. The “rediscovery” of these memories, said Zhang, “highlighted the importance of not taking the present for granted and documenting the mundane moments of daily life.”
The study was published in the August edition of Psychological Science, a journal of the Association for Psychological Science.
Share this:

Why Baidu is trying to re-invent the chopstickSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Pension exit fees  offline finances and PPI|
ABOUT THIS PODCAST
The FT Money Show brings you engaging and insightful coverage of the week’s major personal finance issues. Jonathan Eley and his team of FT journalists dissect the news with the help of leading industry commentators and discuss how the latest events will affect you and your pocket.
From pensions to private equity, building society accounts to bank shares, the Money Show tackles difficult topics in an entertaining and informative way.
The FT Money Show is produced by Lucy Warwick-Ching and Adam Palin

Fishing apps that are bait for ambitious anglersSeptember 4, 2014 3:17 pm
Fishing apps that are bait for ambitious anglers
By Sally Davies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6a78669e-33a4-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

7% hike in DA for central govt workers  pensioners7% hike in DA for central govt workers, pensioners
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 04, 2014
First Published: 20:32 IST(4/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:04 IST(5/9/2014)
Comments
Ahead of the festive season, the Union cabinet led by PM Narendra Modi on Thursday approved the release of an additional instalment of Dearness Allowance (DA) to central government employees. 
Pensioners will also get appropriate Dearness Relief (DR) and the new instalment will be applicable from July 1, 2014.
“This is an increase of 7%over the existing rate of 100% of the basic pay/pension, to compensate for price rise,” said a government release. 
The decision will benefit around 8.5 million central government employees and pensioners. The decision is expected to be followed by several states and a similar DA package may benefit millions of state government employees.
“The combined impact on the exchequer of both DA and DR would be approximately of Rs. 7,691 crore per annum and Rs. 5,127 crore respectively for the period between July 2014 to February 2015,” said the release.
This money, in the hands of millions of employees ahead of the festive time, is also expected to act as a mini-stimulus to the economy if the beneficiaries spend it. The UPA government had earlier increased DA to 100 % from January 1, 2014.

Setting a troubling precedentUpdated: September 5, 2014 03:22 IST
Setting a troubling precedent
Tweet
The Hindu POOR JUDGEMENT? For the Chief Justice of India to be seen as opting for a gilded cage of governorship may well be seen as a validation of the government’s carrot-and-stick approach. Picture shows a view of Raj Bhavan in Bangalore. Photo: K. Gopinathan
TOPICS
judge
An independent, impartial judiciary cannot exist if its members do not remember their judicial vows even after they demit office
None of the 39 Chief Justices of India before Justice P. Sathasivam chose to become Governor of a State after their retirement. Raj Bhavans were normally assigned to career politicians and bureaucrats whose knowledge of statecraft would be available to the State governments to whom they were expected to be a friend, philosopher and guide. It was only when an unexpected vacancy arose that the Chief Justice of a High Court was called upon to officiate till a regular appointment was made.
A few judges of High Courts have held post-retirement sinecures as Governors, but the Chief Justice of India has always been seen as too exalted a person to be accommodated in a Raj Bhavan. According to the warrant of precedence, outside the State, Governors rank at number eight — below the Chief Justice of India who occupies the sixth place along with the Speaker of the Lok Sabha. The only Supreme Court judge who was appointed as a Governor was Justice Fathima Beevi from Kerala, who served as Governor of Tamil Nadu between 1997 and 2001. Her stint as Governor was not without controversy and she resigned before completing the normal term of five years.
For a cooling-off period
It is in this background that we must examine the question of whether Justice Sathasivam has been wise in accepting the Governorship of Kerala . He has enjoyed a successful, though short, stint as Chief Justice, and his judgments in the Supreme Court will stand the test of time. He attracted much praise as Chief Justice and no major controversy marred his tenure.
When newspapers reported that he went back to farming in Erode, it resembled the story of Harry Truman returning to the little town of Independence, Missouri, after being the U.S. President. Indian democracy seemed to be coming of age as at least some of its constitutional functionaries were receptive to the idea of not being in the limelight all the time.
Justice Sathasivam seems to be following the lead of Chief Justice M.N. Venkatachaliah, who, after retirement, only resurfaced many years later to head a constitutional review committee. Some retired judges like Justice Ruma Pal have even declined to act as arbitrators, to avoid the prospect of some court being forced to sit in appeal over their awards. Some who took their judicial vows seriously continue to maintain the highest standards of their judicial avatars and keep them beyond even the shadow of any possible allegation.
Justice Sathasivam’s decision to opt for a five-year retirement period as first citizen of a state will set a troubling precedent. If at all the judiciary was to be represented among the incumbents of gubernatorial houses, it is wrong to have appointed a man who, till a few months ago, was sworn to render justice without fear or favour in quarrels between the citizen and the Union. A mandatory cooling-off period — such as the two-year period for public servants transiting into private employment — must be applied to this case also. One cannot seamlessly transit from the court to the castle, without the suspicion that there was a prior agreement of sorts. There are at least a dozen retired Chief Justices of India in reasonable good health who could have been appointed without the comments that this particular appointment has attracted .
Impartiality of the judiciary
Public confidence in an impartial judiciary is a necessary prerequisite for an independent judiciary. That confidence is sometimes undermined by doubts on the part of the citizen: that the judge may be enticed by a post-retirement sinecure that the state may offer. If the head of the institution himself accepts a post-retirement appointment where no judicial skills are called for, the very independence and impartiality of the judiciary will be called into question.
More importantly, the only time that a Governor’s constitutional functioning becomes politically relevant is when there are questions about the imposition of President’s Rule or in deciding rival claims of majority before calling someone to be sworn in as Chief Minister. A decision on such questions is often challenged in the courts and after Buta Singh’s case, is amenable to judicial review. If a former Chief Justice as Governor makes an incorrect decision to recommend President’s Rule for example, his juniors and successors may have the painful duty of setting it aside judicially. Justice Beevi’s report to the Union government on the arrest of Karunanidhi drew adverse comment from Mr. Arun Jaitley, who was Law Minister then. One hopes that Justice Sathasivam’s conduct as Governor attracts no such criticism that would reflect poorly on the high office of the Chief Justice.
Remembering judicial vows
Acche din may or may not have arrived for the country but it has been interesting times for the judiciary. The new government began its judicial engagements by ‘borking’ Gopal Subramanium’s appointment to the Supreme Court. It then rushed the National Judicial Appointments Commission Bill through Parliament. A pattern is emerging where an assertive executive is seen as trying to put the judiciary through a stress test. Some may prefer collaboration to confrontation.
At such a time, for the former head of the institution to be seen as opting for a gilded cage of governorship may well be seen as a validation of the government’s ‘carrot-and-stick approach.’ This is not the message that the country and members of the legal fraternity want to hear or contemplate. In the 1970s, the long struggle against the call for a committed judiciary foreshadowed the descent into the dictatorship of the Emergency. The Supreme Court and its judges cannot lead the country down that same path again. An independent, impartial judiciary cannot exist if its members, do not remember their judicial vows even after they demit office. When confronted with difficult questions, Justice Sathasivam has always set the right precedent as a judge. It is hoped that here too his judgment will not be found wanting and the precedent set will stand the scrutiny of future generations.
(Sanjay Hegde is a Supreme Court lawyer.)

5 Things Life s High Performers Know and Masterreddit
In today's hyper-paced society it can be challenging to keep up with the rate of change. Especially if you are someone who is constantly looking to achieve high performance in life. In our quest to always be one step ahead and succeeding we often look for new and innovative ways to stay ahead.
One slight problem though is that we forget some of the fundamentals along the way. I've always wanted to be the best that I could be and so have made it my quest to understand what it takes to achieve high performance.
Here are five traits to high performance that I have noticed and that you can implement straight away.
1. Learn to say NO
There are mixed messages around this piece of advice because often it's said that the way to get ahead is to say "yes" to everything and put yourself out there. While there is some truth in that (things are rarely so black and white), it's only good up to a point. Those people most successful in business, health, relationships and other endeavours have learnt to say no.
High performers know that in order to be a high performer at something -- they'll have to say "No" to many things.
It's a tough one for most people, but the sense of liberation that comes with being confident and comfortable saying "no" to things will do more to allow you to reach high performance than saying "yes" to everything. Just ask Richard Branson how many great opportunities he has to say "no" to every week. And he's done alright for himself.
2. Get enough SLEEP
Sleep is so crucial to high performance that without adequate regular sleep you will do untold damage to your health, relationships, career and just about every other area of your life. Not getting enough sleep affects mood , decision making, focus, energy levels, weight and overall health to name but a few. The fact is, that most people need seven to nine hours of good quality sleep a night. There are exceptions, as always.
Everyone is different of course, but the thing to recognise is just how much you really need to function optimally and then make getting it a priority. If getting enough overnight isn't viable and your working day allow, consider taking a short siesta. I recommend just 30 minutes. Any more and you enter deeper sleep phases and will probably find it challenging to sleep in the evening at your usual time.
3. MEDITATION
Long thought to be something left to the mystics of the East or something only 'New Agers' might practise. More and more high performers (like CEO's and top athletes) are "coming out of the closet" so to speak, and admitting that they practise some form of meditation, guided breath work or similar relaxation techniques. And why not? All the while the research on mediation is growing but several studies have shown the benefits to one's focus , health , pain threshold, stress levels and of course, in relation to point #2 above - sleep .
Elisabeth Blackburn (Nobel laureate) even showed that meditation can keep a healthy telomere length. Telomeres are lengths at the end of chromosomes which protect them from damage. It's thought that the health of these telomeres plays a crucial role in the ageing process. Does this mean we'll be able to slow down or even reverse the ageing process? Who knows? Perhaps...?
4. On the lookout to LEARN
All high performers that I've come across and also studied have always been ferocious learners. If you look to nature it also gives you clues. Things either grow or they die. Part of our own human growth is tied to that of learning continuously. Learning is not only essential to keep pace with everyone else (if you're not learning and growing, then others are, so even if you 'stay the same' you'll be left behind), but it's also essential to your ability to be a high performer in your desired area.
You don't have to be continually enrolled in courses or schools. There's a plethora of books, audios and online courses at your fingertips that you can access.
And learning also helps to make you feel more energized -- which is convenient as it's point #5. Just think back to when you were last really learning something really interesting that you were keen to understand and develop from. Was it easier to get going in the morning? Feel motivated? Did it give you a sense of energy?
5. Manage you ENERGY
This is the crux of it in my experience and opinion. If you want to have high performance in your life, then you simply must have the energy for it. Everything in the universe stems from energetic interplay between particles - and humans are no different. If you want to be a high performer in life, you simply can't afford to compromise in this area.
Energy management is a diverse thing. But it's not complex. I see it as falling into four distinct areas, that if you get right, will give you energy when you need it. I call this model the 'Energy B.E.A.T. Model™' which encompass the four foundational areas of energetic living. B is for brain (your mindset and psychology among other things). E is for eat and is all about how you nourish your body (not just from food but a number of other areas). A is for activity (of which exercise is just a small part). And T is for tranquility (only part of which is sleep). These are my keys to energetic living and if ever I feel de-energized, I ask myself what is it that's making me feel off B.E.A.T™ today? and then I look at the four quadrants with a set of specifically designed questions to help me assess what's needed. It always, always works.
So there you have it. Five things to consider focussing on if you want high performance in whatever you do.
Follow Hari Kalymnios on Twitter: www.twitter.com/thethoughtgym
More:

Experience What It s Like To Walk Alone If You re A Woman In CairoTwo female filmmakers have released a video documenting what it's like for a woman to walk by herself down a bustling street in Cairo, Egypt . The blatant stares from many of the men encountered along the way highlight the country's problem of rampant street harassment.
"Today we will be filming what it's like to walk down the busiest bridge in Cairo as a girl," says American-born filmmaker Colette Ghunim, introducing the short clip, above. From that point on there are no more words spoken -- just the leering gazes from almost every man Ghunim walks by.
(Story continues below.)
Titled " Creepers on the Bridge ," the footage was uploaded to Vimeo on Aug. 30 and had attracted nearly 250,000 views by Wednesday evening. It is part of a documentary project , "The People's Girls," which Ghunim is working on with her co-director, Tinne Van Loon .
"This video shows what it’s like for a girl to walk alone in Cairo, no matter what time of day. Though the video only includes stares, it gives an idea of just how intimidating it can be in the street," Van Loon, who is Belgian-American, wrote on Vimeo. "As a woman, Egyptian or foreign, comments and stares are the norm every time we step out the door, no matter what we’re wearing."
A 2013 study from the United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women found that 99.3 percent of Egyptian women and girls surveyed had experienced some kind of sexual harassment in their lifetime.
In an interview with The Huffington Post, Van Loon explained how they captured the scene:
Colette walked down the Kasr El-Nil bridge, secretly recording with an iPhone. She held it by her mouth with headphones plugged in and pretended to talk on the phone. She pretended to be deep in conversation, looking straight ahead of her. Whenever she felt eyes on her, she turned the phone slightly towards them. The clip was filmed in a single 5 minute walk around sunset, as people often gather on the bridge after the temperature cools down.
She also noted that the purpose of "Creepers on the Bridge" is not to denigrate Egyptian, Arab or Muslim men, but to call attention to a problem facing women around the globe.
"We really want to point out that while sexual harassment is an issue of epidemic proportions in Egypt ... this by no way means that all Egyptian men are harassers, or that somehow this is an Arab or Muslim problem," Van Loon said. "This is a problem of a patriarchal society, which is unfortunately worldwide. We've gotten a lot of hateful comments towards Arabs and Egypt and we really want to point out that not all men are like this."
The women have created a Kickstarter and are planning a January 2015 release for "The People's Girls."
Also on HuffPost:

French President s Former Partner Spills Painful Details In New Bookreddit
The former partner of French President Francois Hollande has written a tell-all book about her life with the socialist leader and the painful unraveling of the couple's relationship. The book, which was released on Thursday and is titled Merci Pour Ce Moment or Thank You For This Moment, is the latest headache for the embattled French leader.
The seven-year relationship between Hollande and 49-year-old Trierweiler, a journalist for the magazine Paris Match, ended in January when the magazine Closer published photos documenting the president's secret affair with actress Julie Gayet. Two weeks after the scandal broke, Hollande announced that he and Trierweiler had separated.
As Reuters notes, Trierweiler vowed in the wake of the highly-publicized break-up that she would not keep quiet -- a promise she lived up to. In her book, she spills some of the deeply painful details of the events in January. An excerpt published in Paris Match on Wednesday and translated into English below describes Trierweiler's reaction to the news:
The news about Julie Gayet is on the front pages (...) I crack. I can't listen to it. I rush into the bathroom. I take the little plastic bag with sleeping pills ... Francois has followed me. He tried to snatch the bag. I run into the room. He catches the bag and it split. The pills scatter across the bed and the floor. I recover some of them. I swallow what I can. I want to sleep, I don't want to live the coming hours. I feel the storm that will come over me and I don't have the force to resist it. I want to flee. I lose consciousness.
In addition to these revelations, one part of the book in particular has sparked uproar in France. Trierweiler writes: "He's presented as the man who doesn't like the rich. In reality, the president doesn't like the poor. He, the man of the left, calls them 'the toothless' in private and is so pleased at how funny he is." The accusation is a heavy blow for a politician who campaigned as " Mr. Normal. "
HuffPost France explains that while Trierweiler doesn't spill a single state secret in her book, she deals a severe blow to Hollande's image. Many have jumped to the president's defense, but the revelations provide ample new ammunition to Hollande's political opponents.
Hollande did not know about the upcoming publication, according to The Guardian. He hasn't made a public statement about it, but government spokesman Stephane Le Foll seemed to dismiss the political implications of the book.
“In the current environment in France and with the responsibilities we face, we have no time to lose,” Le Foll said on a French digital channel, according to Bloomberg.
More:

Losing the Vajpayee wayThe Modi government must realise that Kashmir is a political problem and needs a political resolution. (Source: AP)
Written by Mirwaiz Umar Farooq | Posted: September 5, 2014 12:18 am
When India invited Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to Delhi for Narendra Modi’s swearing in, there was hope in Kashmir that the new dispensation would carry forward the peace initiative of Atal Bihari Vajpayee. It didn’t last.  Delhi soon took the confrontationist approach towards Kashmir and Pakistan, which is likely to be detrimental for all three parties.
The decision taken by Delhi to call off the foreign secretary-level talks with Islamabad just because we met the Pakistan high ­commissioner in Delhi is a move in the wrong direction and contrary to what the Vajpayee government stood for. The dialogue between India and Pakistan primarily focuses on Kashmir and there is no logic in keeping Kashmiris out of it. Delhi’s decision also goes against the basics of international law and justice.
For the past 60 years, Kashmiris have been fighting for their political rights. In the last 20 years, one lakh people have been killed, thousands widowed and orphaned, and close to 10,000 people have disappeared in custody. Kashmiris suffer for a cause, a right they were promised 67 years ago, both by India and Pakistan. Kashmiris have suffered because they wanted a say in the resolution of the issue. They wanted to be heard and their views reflected in any possible settlement. When India and Pakistan sit to discuss Kashmir, they are talking about people, and not cattle. It is our problem and it is about our future.
Delhi needs to understand that Kashmir is not like any other conflict, that it has a history and a context. Kashmir can’t be compared with any other internal dispute India has. Delhi came to this realisation when Vajpayee was in office. He talked about talks within the “ambit of humanity”. That prompted us to respond and we reciprocated the sentiment. We went to Pakistan, a trip that was facilitated by Delhi. In Pakistan, we discussed the four-point proposals, we talked about an out-of-the-box solution.
Pakistan believed that Kashmiri involvement could solve its problems too. Pakistani leaders believed that if Kashmir’s leadership agreed to an out-of-the-box solution, they could sell it within Pakistan as a resolution proposed and accepted by the people of Kashmir.
It was a beginning that could have taken us all a long way. But the UPA government didn’t build on the initiatives taken by ­Vajpayee, despite the many opportunities that came its way. It seems the new government is heading in the same direction — towards a confrontation with Kashmir and Pakistan.
A confrontation is not going to lead us anywhere. At the peak of the armed resistance in Kashmir, the pro-India political parties, including the National Conference, had an anti-Kashmir stand. Even they have realised that the Kashmir dispute needs to be ­resolved. The Hurriyat clearly stands vindicated.
The continued…

The story beyond uraniumThere is growing recognition in Delhi that Australia is a valuable partner in stabilising Asia. (Source: AP)
Written by C Raja Mohan | Posted: September 5, 2014 12:26 am
When they meet in New Delhi on Friday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Australian counterpart Tony Abbott should, hopefully, clinch the long-awaited agreement on civil nuclear cooperation that would allow Canberra to export uranium to India. But the two leaders should also look beyond the nuclear issue and lay the foundation for an enduring defence and security cooperation that will contribute to peace and stability in Asia and the Indo-Pacific littoral.
The nuclear deal is indeed an important breakthrough in bilateral relations. It is, in essence, about burying the past when differences over non-proliferation issues constrained the engagement between the two countries. These differences boiled over when Australia reacted sharply to the Indian nuclear tests in May 1998. Canberra found it hard to export uranium even after Delhi concluded a historic civil nuclear initiative with Washington that ended more than three decades of India’s atomic isolation. There were deep divisions within the Australian political class on allowing uranium exports to India.
As part of its strong and unilateral non-proliferation commitments, Australia had decided long years ago that it would not export uranium to countries that did not sign the nuclear non-proliferation treaty. The problem for Australia was that the India-US nuclear initiative was about finding a way to circumvent the question of the NPT. While India was not in a position to sign the NPT, it offered strong assurances to the international community that it would not use material and technology obtained through international cooperation for military purposes. India also reaffirmed its impeccable non-proliferation record and expressed full support for the global non-proliferation regime. The challenge in Australia was to get the political elite to look beyond the NPT, understand the value of India’s integration into the global nuclear order and, above all, appreciate the broader benefits of building a lasting partnership with Delhi.
To their credit, Prime Minister Abbott and his predecessors in both Liberal and Labor parties have worked hard to overcome internal political differences and get the country to change its long-standing policy on uranium exports by taking a strategic view of relations with India. Once the deal is through, Australia could become an important source of natural uranium exports.
The real story, however, lies beyond uranium. Australia is rich in mineral resources and is a natural long-term partner for India’s industrial growth. Whichever way Delhi’s strategy for energy security might evolve in the coming years, Australia, with its abundant coal and natural gas resources, will loom large in India’s calculus. With one of the world’s strongest mining sectors, Australia can help India exploit its own natural resources in an environmentally sustainable way and thereby address one of the major current constraints on India’s economic growth.
Contrary to the perception that the country is all about mining, continued…

Is this the way to energise civil servantsThe renovated Laxmi Vilas hotel, which, at the time of divestment in 2002, was spending Rs 3 crore to earn Rs 2 crore annually.
Written by Arun Shourie | Posted: September 5, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: September 5, 2014 8:04 am
CBI move to investigate the disinvestment of Udaipur’s Laxmi Vilas hotel on the basis of an anonymous oral complaint, 12 years after the decision, holds a lesson for those who are trying to get the bureaucracy going.
Hindustan Zinc was privatised in April 2002. The privatisation was challenged on various grounds in the Supreme Court. In December 2012, after hearing counsel, the SC rejected the challenge.
That did not deter the CBI. In February 2014 — TWELVE years after the disinvestment, and with HARDLY A YEAR having passed since the SC delivered its judgment — the CBI launched a new “investigation” into the disinvestment.
When its officers came to me, I asked them about the complaint on the basis of which they had commenced the investigation. They said that there had been nothing in writing, just an oral complaint!
The same pattern has now been repeated in the case of the disinvestment of Laxmi Vilas Hotel in Udaipur. The hotel was disposed of in 2002. Of the ITDC’s 20-odd hotels, this one had distinguished itself
by incurring the highest loss: to earn gross revenue of Rs 2 crore a year, the hotel spent Rs 3 crore — a loss of 51 per cent. The occupancy rate of the hotel had fallen to 26 per cent. Far from being a luxury palace, the place was in shambles — the plant and machinery were defunct, the furniture, etc were in the sorriest state that you can imagine. This will be evident from two elementary facts. ELEVEN parties expressed an initial interest in bidding for the hotel. FIVE of them carried out thorough due diligence. Such was the condition of the property that four of the five dropped out. I am informed that Bharat Hotels — the winning bidder — had to spend Rs 25 to 30 crore on renovating the place and getting its plant and machinery in working order. Furthermore, the quality of the staff was such that Bharat Hotels had to spend another Rs 3 to 5 crore on voluntary retirement schemes.
TWELVE years after the disinvestment, the CBI has registered an FIR — naming, among others, the then secretary of the disinvestment ministry and accusing him, among other things, of “dishonestly and fraudulently and with mala fide intention” doing this, that and the other. On what basis? The FIR itself states that it has been registered on the basis of “an anonymous complaint”. I will come in a moment to the utter indefensibles that mar the FIR, but the first point to consider is: Should any agency have the authority to harass civil servants for decisions taken 12 years ago? Should it have the power to ruin the continued…

One of the worlds largest cities wants to build the worlds busiest airport and the plans call for only one terminalX marks the spot where Mexico City's new airport will be built. Foster + Partners
SHARE
Daniel A. Medina @dmedin11
September 4, 2014
Move over, Dubai. The new proposed airport for Mexico City, the planet’s  ninth-most populated metropolis , is as eye-catching as it is daring—and seeks to bring about a long-awaited return to the days of glamorous air travel.
The plans , designed by Foster + Partners, FR-EE (the firm run by Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim’s son-in-law Fernando Romero) and NACO (Netherlands Airport Consultants), were unveiled  in President Enrique Peña Nieto’s state-of-the-nation speech on Tuesday. Peña Nieto said the project would be built on government land near the city’s Benito Juarez International Airport, at a cost of roughly 120 billion pesos ($9 billion).
The new, yet-to-be-named airport will have a single, “X”-shaped terminal, six runways, and reportedly enough capacity to handle 120 million passengers annually, four times the capacity of Benito Juarez. That would put the airport ahead of Atlanta as the world’s busiest.
According to Foster + Partners, the terminal will measure nearly 6 million square feet, and topped by a vaulted roof with three times the span of a normal airport. The structure’s solar and rainwater collection systems will support most of the airport’s heating and cooling needs.
Tap image to zoom
Foster + Partners
The design follows Norman Foster’s groundbreaking 1991 London Stansted Airport, a smaller single-story affair that changed the way modern airports have been built since. Part of the idea behind a unified hub  is to give passengers the feeling that they are leaving from their cars directly to their planes without all the hassle in between. In other words, to make the airport experience actually an enjoyable one.

A top expert has turned pessimistic on Irans nuclear talks with the WestTrouble is probably ahead for Iran's president, Hassan Rouhani.Reuters/Ray Stubblebine
SHARE
Steve LeVine @stevelevine
September 4, 2014
As US and Iranian negotiators held talks today in Geneva, a leading expert has reversed himself and reduced the chances of a nuclear deal to 40%.
Eurasia Group’s Cliff Kupchan had previously been cautiously optimistic that, despite the public sneering from both sides, there was a 60% chance that Western-led negotiators and Iran would sign a deal by the Nov. 24 deadline. But in a note to clients today, he said dug-in politics on both sides have convinced him that there is now a 60% chance of failure, and that there will be no extension of the deadline. He said hawks on both sides will block any more talks should these fail.
Indeed, relations have been testy between the two countries in recent days. On Friday, the United States announced a new set of penalties against companies accused of violating sanctions on Iran. This prospect, however, does not appear to frighten Iran: Oil minister Bijan Zanganeh said Tehran does not recognize the sanctions , designed to obstruct Iran’s nuclear program, and will continue to bypass them. The next round of formal talks between six world powers and Tehran are scheduled to begin Sept. 18.
Kupchan, a former State Department official, is a sober and widely respected voice on an issue that is often politicized and obscured by hyperbolic partisanship. In his newly pessimistic stance, Kupchan sees a renewed US-led crackdown and political grief for Iran’s new president, Hassan Rouhani. Kupchan said that among the first things the US will do is attempt to take more of the 1.2 million barrels a day of oil off the market that Iran still exports.
“A ‘no deal’ outcome would involve harsh new sanctions, a weakening of the centrist government of President Hassan Rouhani, and increased geopolitical risk,” Kupchan said.
If Kupchan is right—though his odds allow that there is still a chance of a deal—worsened relations with Iran will be added to the cocktail of unusually disruptive events around the world, including the rise of the Islamic State and the war between Russia and Ukraine.
The Western-led negotiators and Iran have been attempting for almost a year to reach a deal that would result in Iran seriously pushing back its perceived ambitions to create a nuclear bomb, in exchange for a gradual lifting of economic sanctions. They reached a preliminary agreement last November that resulted in Iran eliminating its stockpile of nuclear material that contained 20% of enriched uranium. In exchange, Iran got some $7 billion in cash as sanctions relief . Japan handed over $1 billion of the money just today.
As evidence for his grim assessment, Kupchan said that there is no sign of the Iranian side “preparing its elite for a deal. To the contrary, statements by top officials have become considerably harsher over the past two months.” US politics, too, complicate a deal, since some powerful think tanks and interest groups oppose lifting the sanctions, and convincing Congress to do so would be a challenge.
“Domestic politics in both the US and Iran have evolved into significant obstacles to a deal,” Kupchan said.
Share this:

Hippocratic oath hurts ObamaAugust 17, 2014 7:04 pm
Obama’s Hippocratic oath enfeebles his diplomacy
By Edward Luce
It makes little sense to telegraph reluctance to put US boots on the ground to America’s foes
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6b415dfc-23ae-11e4-be13-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Democracys limitsJuly 11, 2014 5:55 pm
Democracy is not a synonym for good government
By Christopher Caldwell
Elected rulers use heavy-handed authority to prevent being toppled by swings in opinion
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f5ff744a-082b-11e4-9afc-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A tough puzzle  indeed!Updated: September 4, 2014 16:37 IST
A tough puzzle, indeed!
Natarajar and Sivakamasundari found on the walls of the Parankundram cave. Photo courtesy: Arvind Venkatraman, V. Prithvi
Façade of the cave with the outer reliefs. Photo courtesy: Arvind Venkatraman, V. Prithvi
The stone relife of the Saivite trio found on the walls of the Parankundram cave. Photo courtesy: Arvind Venkatraman, V. Prithvi
The most debated sculpture of them is the Bhairavar, seen with two hands and without the garland of skulls. Photo courtesy: Arvind Venkatraman, V. Prithvi
TOPICS
hinduism
'The stone reliefs found at the Parakundram cave throws up many questions to be answered.'
(This monthly column speaks of the history behind many fascinating art and architectural pieces across the State. This one is on the stunning stone relief of Lord Siva, found at Parankundram)
Though we get to see the dancing form of Siva in some early caves, notably in Seeyamangalam or in Thirumalapuram, it is rare to see the classical Nataraja Thandava form cut in relief in a cave. That is why this panel from the Parakundram cave is special.
The classical Nataraja has been sculpted with a circular flaming areole complete with two makara forms at the base, the wavy tresses of the Lord, the Damaru and flame held in his stretched hands, Muyalagan, the dwarf demon underneath, four-headed Brahma on the tabla below and saint Karaikkal Ammaiyar on the side. The Lord’s Consort Sivakami looks on as specified in the canons.
The sculptor’s mastery over the medium is evident in the way he has removed the material to position the left foot almost entirely out of the wall, giving the entire body the classic three bends – the Tribanga. Sadly, both the sculptures have been badly mutilated. It is interesting to note that on both sides of the dancing form are the reliefs of Ganesha, as the five-headed Heramba Ganapathy seated on a lion and Muruga with six heads and 12 hands, seated on the peacock.
Such sophistication of iconographic evolution place this as post 12th C CE work while the general cave suggests an 8th C CE date. The popular theory is that this could have been a Jain cave, which was later converted with the addition of these reliefs. Leading this line of thought are the reliefs on the outer walls of the cave.
Similar to Jain reliefs
To the right of the cave face, there are a series of niches - a Ganesha, two seated figures and to its left a small saint, the Saivite trio as a group and then a deeply recessed Bhairavar with the dog in the background. The shapes of these niches resemble the many free-standing Jain reliefs of this region.
The earliest reference of the Saivite trio is a 945 CE inscription of Parantaka Chola in Thiruvidaimaruthur, which talks of the installation of metal images of them in the shrine. The earliest inclusion of Appar and Sambandar in stone reliefs in temple sculpture could be during the period of Queen Sembianmadevi at the Karandai temple, which is during the second half of the 10th C CE. Thus the presence of the trio on the outer wall of the cave should belong to the post 10th C CE date.
The most debated sculpture of them is the Bairavar, which many believe is a converted Jaina Tirtankara. The reasons being that the dog is in a low relief and could be a later addition, Bairavar is seen with unusually two hands and without the garland of skulls.
This is indeed a tough question as there is the presence of curls of hair and even a crown on the head. Closer inspection shows some sort of ornamentation on the chest, the hands are not seemingly kept alongside the legs but though mutilated and they seem to emerge outward. And lastly, the lack of the Chamara or umbrella characteristic of Jain panels in the region.
(The writer is a sculpture enthusiast and blogs about temple art at www.poetryinstone.in )

Maruti set to take on Leyland Dost Tata Ace with3 new launchesMaruti set to take on Leyland Dost,Tata Ace with 3 new launches
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 00:40 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:44 IST(5/9/2014)
Comments
To protect its over 45% market share in the domestic passenger vehicle segment, India’s largest carmaker Maruti Suzuki India on Thursday said it would launch at least two sports utility vehicles (SUV) and a light commercial vehicle to compete with Tata Ace and Ashok Leyland’s Dost in the next couple of years.
Addressing shareholders at the firm’s annual general meeting, chairman RC Bhargava said the two SUVs would help cater to 29% of the domestic market and plug a gap that has not been exploited by the company yet. 
“We are not present in the SUV segment and Suzuki Japan is aware of it,” Bhargava said. “Early next financial year, we will launch our SUV that would be followed by a compact SUV a year later. With these we will have sizeable presence in the SUV segment and fill unutilised capacity at Gurgaon and Manesar plants.”
The first such vehicle to hit the roads could be the SX4 S Cross — a crossover vehicle based on the company’s now discontinued SX4 sedan that was showcased during the auto expo in February.
The compact SUV will be based on the XA Alpha concept model showcased by the firm during the auto expo in 2012.
Maruti also said it would henceforth make royalty payments to Suzuki, its parent firm, in rupee instead of yen to insulate it from foreign exchange currency fluctuations.
“More and more R&D work will be done in India and royalty calculation will be based on work done here...Our expenditures on R&D will be rewarded in the form of reduced royalty,” Bhargava said.
In the first quarter ended June 30, 2014, Maruti paid a royalty of `689 crore, that was about 6.2% of its net sales.

Home ministry rejects plan to allow roaming calls in PakHome ministry rejects plan to allow roaming calls in Pak
M Rajendran , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 00:34 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 00:37 IST(5/9/2014)
Comments
The home ministry has rejected a proposal by private telecom operators to ink international roaming agreements with service providers in Pakistan, following an adverse report by the Research and Analysis Wing (RAW).
The proposal was mooted by the Department of Telecommunication (DoT) during a meeting with home ministry officials in March this year. The ministry submitted its report last week citing RAW’s findings.
“On border areas, roaming should not be allowed… but operators in India would like to have roaming agreements with as many countries as possible, if the government permits,” said Rajan Mathews, director-general, Cellular Operators Association of India.
This is the second attempt by telcos and DoT, after 2004,  to get into an agreement with operators in Pakistan. “Telecom operators in India had argued that the use of geophysical location tracker (GLT) would help manage the security issues,” a senior DoT official said.
GLT works with a software that can be customised to report the location of a specific mobile phone device anywhere in the world.
The RAW report has pointed out that there should be a roaming agreement with the country in which the target customer is located and the service provider in the home county should be cooperative to provide connection with the tracker.
But according to DoT sources, Pakistan being a hostile neighbour may have wide interest to track their probable contacts/targets operative in India… and the facility may be covertly extended to militant organisation in their country for carrying out subversive activities.  
“In view of the above, it is recommended that international roaming with Pakistan should not be permitted,” according to the report.

AP s new capital to be located around VijayawadaAP's new capital to be located around Vijayawada
V Rishi Kumar
The Hindu Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu
Hyderabad, Sept 4:  
The Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister, N Chandrababu Naidu, today announced that a new capital city for the State would be located around Vijayawada.
Making a statement in the Legislative Assembly today, he said the State would go for a decentralised development with three mega cities and 14 smart cities.
PTI reports:
Putting an end to months of suspense, Naidu today announced that the new capital of the State would be located “around Vijayawada''.
Making a statement in the Legislative Assembly amid a din caused by the Opposition YSR Congress, Naidu said, “The Cabinet met on September 1 and resolved to locate the capital city in a central place of the State, around Vijayawada, and go for decentralised development of the State with three mega cities and 14 smart cities.
“It is proposed to go for land pooling system to be worked out by a Cabinet sub-committee,” he said.
“This decision of the Cabinet is a reflection of the popular sentiment, and is affirmed by views expressed in the representations received by the Sivaramakrishnan Committee (appointed by the Centre),” he said.
“Nearly 50 per cent of the representations received by the committee favoured Vijayawada-Guntur region as the best location for the capital area,” Naidu said.
The State Government, as resolved by the Cabinet, was of the opinion that the interests of the entire State and its balanced development could be best served by locating the capital city at a central place around Vijayawada.
This would enable equal access to people from all regions of the state, he observed.
Before Naidu made a statement on the issue, adamant MLAs of YSR Congress stalled the proceedings demanding that the House first discuss the Sivaramakrishnan Committee report on the location of new state capital.
The House had to be adjourned twice for 15 and 10 minutes respectively as the Opposition legislators remained in the Well, holding placards and raising slogans for a discussion on the subject.
Though Speaker Kodela Sivaprasada Rao, Legislative Affairs Minister Yanamala Ramakrishnudu, other ministers and TDP MLAs found fault with the YSRC’s conduct, the Opposition members remained adamant on their demand.
“You can’t dictate terms to the House. It runs as per rules and procedures. You can take part in the discussion and express your views,” the Speaker told the agitating members.
(This article was published on September 4, 2014)

US supports Nawaz Sharif as  elected leader  of PakistanPress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 5, 2014 10:43 am
The US has said that it supports Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif stating that he is the elected leader of Pakistan and asked various political parties in the country to resolve their differences peacefully.
“Yes, we still do. He (Sharif) is the elected leader,” State Department Deputy Spokesperson Marie Harf told reporters.
“We’ve said that repeatedly, and we’ve been carefully monitoring the demonstrations in Islamabad. We’ve consistently said that the US encourages all the parties to work together to resolve their differences through dialogue also, though, oppose any efforts to impose extra-constitutional change to the democratic system,” Harf said.
“It’s something we’ve talked about a lot in here. We are monitoring it. Obviously, our ambassador remains in touch with Pakistani officials, but not much more analysis than that,” she said.
“We have said that Nawaz Sharif is the elected leader of Pakistan,” Harf said when asked about allegations by Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) chief Imran Khan that the 2013 election in Pakistan was fraud and fake.
Imran Khan wants the ruling PML-N government’s ouster over alleged rigging in last year’s polls which his party lost, while Canada-based cleric Tahirul Qadri of Pakistan Awami Tehreek (PAT) chief wants to bring a revolution in the country. Both the leaders are agitating since August 14.
Both the protesting groups are seeking re-elections and the resignation of Prime Minister Sharif.

TechM @ 52-week high on Bombardier order winBombardier
(The IT services firm said…)
NEW DELHI: Tech Mahindra Ltd rallied as much as 2.3 per cent in trade on Friday to hit its fresh 52-week high of Rs 2521.80, after the IT services firm said it has secured an engineering solutions deal with Canadian aerospace and transportation company Bombardier.
At 09:50 a.m.; Tech Mahindra was trading 1.7 per cent higher at Rs 2508.35. It hit a low of Rs 2479.55 and a 52-week high of Rs 2521.80 in trade today.
In a statement to PTI, Tech Mahindra said: "It has signed an agreement with Bombardier Aerospace . As part of this engagement, Tech Mahindra will provide engineering solutions to Bombardier."
As per the report financial details of the contract were not disclosed.
Both companies have signed a mutual agreement that will lead Tech Mahindra to work with Bombardier globally, it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hot debate: Does Delhi need BJP or AAPon Sep 05, 2014 , 10:47 am
1234 Views
(105)
 
The BIG Delhi debate is BACK ! Now, the Delhi governor has written to the President to invite BJP to form the government in Delhi. 
But, do you think BJP can do justice to a state like Delhi? Arvind Kejriwal's AAP made a lot of positive changes to Capital city in just 49 days. Will BJP be able to match up ?
I think Delhi needs a party like AAP as their government. What about you?

Hot viral: Teacher-student FUNNY jokes in picsPhoto uploaded by Pranav Sen
on Sep 04, 2014 , 03:56 pm
1779 Views  |  8  Comments  |  
The best years of a person's life is his/her school life. Image courtesy: Procured via Google search
The best years of a person's life is his/her school life. Image courtesy: Procured via Google search

Do you  Team India  really like playing TestsKohli made just 134 runs in 10 innings in Test series in England. (Source: AP)
Written by Harsha Bhogle | Posted: September 5, 2014 2:15 am | Updated: September 5, 2014 10:15 am
I have been intrigued by this summer of cricket in England. Two teams, going head to head for over two months, in two forms of the game, and throwing up such utterly contrasting results. After a heartwarming win at Lords, India’s young side toppled over the cliff never to be seen again. And England, inspired surely by that amazing turnaround, never really turned up for the one-day games. So why were India so defensive after winning? And why did England look so completely defanged?
And then a tweet arrived that made me sit up and take notice. It didn’t come from a cricket analyst or a commentator or an administrator. Shyam Balasubramaniam is a sports loving marketing professional and he said “If there is anything to take from this India vs England season it is that people will tend to be good at things they like doing”. Do you need to like something then to be good at it? And if you needed to do something because it was…well important, could you be good at it even if you didn’t actually like it? Is that why I was better than anyone else at university at fielding and worse than everyone else at management accounting? Is that why my room is in a mess but my clothes are well-ironed?
So could you say that India aren’t that good at Test cricket overseas because they don’t really like it? Is the real reason England were woeful at one-day cricket the fact that anything other than Test cricket tends to be looked down upon? That they therefore, don’t like one day cricket? You will never find the answer to that and till my mythical truth serum remains just that, you won’t be able to force the answer out either. But you could take an educated guess!
If you tell India they don’t like Test cricket, they will point out the fact that they play as much Test cricket as anyone else (another seven before the World Cup and five have just gone), that they organise four day ‘A’ tour games in Australia in the off-season, that they have a hectic Ranji Trophy schedule from where the Test players are sourced..you can’t win that argument. And players will say the right things too. I was very impressed when Virat Kohli told me that his man of the match award from the Johannesburg Test takes pride of place amongst all the other one-day awards he has got.
Which leads us to a rather more subtle distinction. Maybe they want to do well, maybe India want to become a Test cricket super power, maybe the youngsters really want to be good Test cricketers overseas but…do they like playing it?
England play a lot of one-day cricket, there is a lot of continued…

Project Samudhay: HCL Tech heads for villagesAzim Premji
(Efforts will be focused…)
NEW DELHI: HCL Technologies is adopting 100 villages as part of an ambitious corporate social responsibility (CSR) initiative by the country's fourth-largest technology services company. The goal is to transform the villages with scalable models, impacting village communities and life in five areas — water, women's welfare, education, health and malnutrition and sanitation.
"We are partnering with 100 villages under Project Samudhay," HCL Group founder and chairman Shiv Nadar told ET in an exclusive interview. "The board has approved it. These projects are not one-way streets but one-way doors: when you enter, you don't plan to come back. That's why these are models, built to scale." HCL Technologies, which hit $5 billion in revenue and $1 billion in profit for the year ended June 30, will adopt villages in three states — Uttar Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka — where most of its operations are based.
Efforts will be focused in villages around 10 clusters, including Chennai, Bangalore, Tumkur, Kolar, Delhi and Gautam Buddh Nagar for the Samudhay project. The longer-term plan is to expand efforts to 200 villages. HCL will hire a directorgeneral for Samudhay and another 12-15 people to oversee day-today activity in the villages. In part, this move emerged from the new Companies Act that took effect last year. It mandates that companies need to spend 2% of their net profit on CSR — Rs 125 crore this year for HCL Technologies.
Nadar, 69, is also chairman of the eponymous Shiv Nadar Foundation, which focuses on education, arts and other philanthropic ventures with an aim to bridge the urban-rural gap. "The Foundation already invests a lot in social ventures. But some of the issues we will tackle, like water, look simple, yet we have been unable to create viable, scalable models in the country.
This is where Samudhay will bring best practices," said Nadar. There's been a rush of CSR project announcements recently, especially after Prime Minister Narendra Modi made clear that a cleaner India and the establishment of proper toilet facilities across the country were among his government's priorities. Tata Consultancy Services and the Bharti Foundation have committed Rs 100 crore each toward building toilets in the last few weeks. "Corporate governance and philanthropy can work together to transform societies," Nadar said.
"European nations are quite advanced in this and there are foundations running for around 100 years. We will be ahead as we have an opportunity to get best global practices and to leapfrog. For Indian companies, social ventures can also become a competitive tool as well." He cited global corporations such as the big four consultants — Deloitte , PwC, EY and KPMG — besides IBM and Hewlett-Packard and the edge they have due to their corporate governance practices and contribution made to society.
Nadar reiterated that he will not be exiting HCL Technologies, not for another decade anyhow. "It's my stated intent not to do so for at least 10 years," he said. HCL Technologies with HCL Infosystems , the domestic-focused, hardware-toservices provider, won't be merged. "There are no synergies between the two," he said. "The revenue overlap between the two is not more than 1%.
They will run as separate businesses." Nadar, the seventh richest Indian in the Forbes 2013 list, is steering clear of the rush to invest in e-commerce companies unlike peers Ratan Tata (Snapdeal.com), Azim Premji (Flipkart.com), NR Narayana Murthy (Amazon. in) in recent months. "I don't invest in ventures I can't control directly. I won't be investing in e-commerce startups," Nadar said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Philanthropists list; Ratan Tata and Azim Premji bag the top spotIndia Inc's stellar philanthropists list; Ratan Tata and Azim Premji bag the top spot
ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 06.41AM IST
(Here is a list of the most…)
The impressive list of the socially responsible corporate leaders of India Inc goes as follows:
RATAN TATA

Tata success story is based on humanity  philanthropy and ethicsTata success story is based on humanity, philanthropy and ethics
ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 10.28AM IST
By Peter Casey
Companies are traditionally organised on two lines - either to make money for their shareholders or, in idealised socialist theory, to deliver services for sections of the community. My book, The Greatest Company In The World? The Story of Tata, is a story about a truly unique company which was established to do both.
This company has not merely reformulated many of the business principles we have been taught for generations; it has turned them upside down. While many of its companies are publicly traded, the Tata Group has evolved from being a family-owned business to becoming one of the best-run and professionally-managed groups in the world.
Philanthropic Trusts control over 66% of the Tata holding company Tata Sons, while the Tata family is a very small shareholder. The owners are only one of four stakeholders Tata sets out to serve. In addition to the owners (which include shareholders) are employees, customers, and society itself. Society is what the company's leaders call the Fourth Stakeholder.
And it looms large, maybe largest, among all four. Society drove Jamsetji Tata when he built his first company more than a century ago. He did not use so abstract or neutral a term, however, but undertook his enterprise with the active mission of using it simply to make people's lives better.
As founder and Executive Chairman of Claddagh Resources, I initially decided to write this book to help my recruiters and executive search consultants have a better understanding of Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) who over 14 years, had become my company's biggest client.
It was supposed to just be a short 15-page summary, but the more I started studying TCS and the Tatas, the more captivated I became. The project developed a life of its own. There are amazing companies and amazing stories, but none match the Tatas.
In 1869, Jamsetji converted a bankrupt oil mill for the production of cotton. It was a humble start, but he had grand visions of what India could become. He embraced the Zoroastrian religion's most central tenet: that the mission of the righteous person is not merely to live a good life, but to make life better for others. Whereas other successful capitalists and captains of industry started companies to create profit and thereby wealth, Jamsetji planted the seeds of philanthropic trusts which now own two thirds of the Tata Group.
(In photo: Jamsetji Tata)
In harmony with his religion, Tata's company would exist to finance and initiate projects to improve the lives of the people of India. So Jamsetji became not only a catalyst for sweeping change in his vast homeland, but, in the process, conceptualised an entirely new way of doing business as well as philanthropy. What he began has changed the lives of billions, as the company he founded continues to work for the betterment of society.
In the words of Jamsetji: "We think we started on sound and straightforward business principles, considering the interests of the shareholders our own, and the health and welfare of the employees, the sure foundation of our success." We are now living in a world where the richest 85 people own more than the 3.5 billion poorest.
Currently, 99% of the wealth is owned by less than 1% of the people and if all the wealth in the world were divided into all the people in the world, everyone would be a millionaire. I am an unapologetic capitalist but I have now realised that there is a different way for capitalism to succeed - the Tata way.
The spectacle of an enterprise as highly moral as it is profitable is rare in a society which has grown accustomed to thinking of business success as a zero-sum game, in which my triumph requires your defeat.
(In photo: Jamsetji Tata with his family)
Success that follows a zero-sum formula is incompatible with a Fourth Stakeholder. But Jamsetji Tata and those who followed him never used that formula. They reformulated the criteria of business success, and made humanity, philanthropy, and ethics not adjuncts to profit, but its very core. Tata companies continually aspire to better ethics, just as they are committed to better business practices.
The two are not only quite compatible; they are essential to one another. The company has not merely reformulated many of the business principles we have been taught for generations - it has turned them upside down.
Instead of specialising, Tata has ventured into an array of unrelated industries and has become a world leader in several - from steel, chemicals and IT to hotels, energy, automobiles and insurance. In fact, it is easier to think of an industry that Tata is not involved in than to list those that they are.
A diversified global enterprise, philanthropic at its core, the company shares profits with employees, shareholders and the societies in which they live and work. The most senior Tata managers don't live in sprawling and multiple mansions, as so many American and European CEOs do, but in modest apartments and homes. The guiding principle for everyone at Tata is sharing the wealth.
My top three heroes - people who actually and positively changed the world we live in - are Leonardo da Vinci, Michelangelo Buonarroti, and Jamsetji Tata. Jamsetji's legacy, like the other two, continues to change people's lives for the better on a daily basis. In business terms, he founded the greatest company in the world.
(The writer is founder chairman of Claddagh Resources, a global recruitment firm. He is also a business columnist with Ireland's largest-selling newspaper The Sunday Independent.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rahul brigade trying to ape Indira s young turksCongress young turks warn senior leaders against making public comments, support Rahul Gandhi
CL Manoj, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 02.59AM IST
Tags:
Ambika Soni
(Digvijaya responds by saying…)
NEW DELHI: The raging turf-war in Congress continued on Thursday with around 16 AICC secretaries submitting a joint letter to the leadership warning AICC general secretaries against making any public comments that could be perceived as disapproving vice-president Rahul Gandhi. They also want the general secretaries to stick to their official brief.
Rahul Gandhi himself projected a combative image by asserting in Amethi to "deal with" internal tensions in his party. AICC secretaries submitted their letter to Janardan Dwivedi, the general secretary in-charge of organisation, and urged him to distribute it to his peers.
The letter mainly contains four points: Seniors should not add to the "negativity" by making public comments disproving of Rahul's style; Congress has to work on internal unity and general secretaries must air views only within party fora; general secretaries should concentrate on affairs of their respective state units they are assigned to; show respect to Gandhi family and protect Congress unity.
Within minutes, AICC general secretary Digvijaya Singh , whose public call for Rahul to be more active has been projected as one of the provocations for Team Rahul, tweeted a tongue-in-cheek response from USA: "Thank God, younger generation of Congress now demanding generational change, which I have been suggesting since Burari AICC in 2009 December.
I support the demand of secretaries of AICC. Generational change must happen..." The secretaries behind the letter are Harish Chowdhury, Prakash Joshi, Naseeb Singh, Subhankar Sarkar and SA Khan while general secretaries CP Joshi , Madhusudan Mistry and secretaries Jitender Singh and Manick Tagore are believed to be aiding them. They want more leaders from states and youth and student wings to join their 'crusade'. Insiders feel Rahul loyalists are trying to replay the 'Young Turks' of Indira and Sanjay era.
Chandrashekhar, Mohan Dharia and Krishan Kant had formed a support system around Indira when she faced the Syndicate in late 1960s. Similarly, post-Emergency, another group of young leaders — Kamal Nath , GN Azad, Ambika Soni , Ahmed Patel, Digvijaya Singh, Ashok Gehlot , Anand Sharma — supported the Indira-Sanjay fight back to power.
However, a party insider said: "The vital question is whether these lightweight AICC secretaries with no mass appeal and experience have the wherewithal of the yesteryears' Congress Young Turks and whether their current leader has the same mettle that made Indiraji and Sanjayji." There are indications some seniors may soon respond by offering their resignations "to enable Sonia Gandhi to invite Team Rahul to take full command of the party at this critical juncture".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cong raises eyebrows as Hooda s loyalists join BJP in drovesYou are here: Home > Collections
Congress raises eyebrows as Haryana CM's loyalists join BJP; Hooda may contest from two seats
CL Manoj, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 04.07AM IST
Tags:
Insurability
(AICC sources said Hooda has…)
NEW DELHI: As the AICC screening committee is in the process of selecting Congress candidates for the Haryana assembly elections, there are indications that ch i e f minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda is keeping the option of contesting from two seats from two different regions of the state.
AICC sources said Hooda has expressed a desire to contest, in addition to his sitting seat of Garhi Sampla-Kiloi in Rhotak, one more seat - either Panipat Rural seat or Indri seat in Karnal district.
A final decision on Hoodaji;s wish will be taken soon, said a Congress leader. AICC sources feel Hooda's keenness to fight two seat may have two reasons; first as a back-up arrangement in a tough poll and, secondly to try and dispel the inhouse criticism that the CM has been focusing only in his Rohtak base from where his son is elected to Lok Sabha. When Congress lost nine out of 10 Lok Sabha seats in May, Hooda's detractors attributed it to the state government's "negligence" of all other districts.
While Hooda has been projecting his `two-seat plan' as his way of "strategically fanning out across regions to check the growing BJP challenge", many at AICC are intrigued by the fact many of Hooda's own supporters, including some ex-MLAs, who recently crossed over to BJP now figure in the saffron party's first list of candidates released on Thursday.
Senior Congress leaders such as Birender Singh and Avtar Singh Badana recently quit the party alleging their non-accommodation by the Hooda camp. Now the Hooda camp's peculiar pre-poll operation style has raised some eyebrows at AICC.
While Hooda has been terming as "good riddance" his detractors quitting Congress, AICC is intrigued by the fact that over 20 known supporters of Hooda, including many former Congress MLAs have recently crossed over to the state BJP.
They include leaders such Sunita Setia, Jitendra Malik, Krishna Gehlot, Daryao Singh, Jaipal Sangwan, Chattarpal, Harish Kumar, M L Ranga, Raj Kumal Balmiki, O P Vats, Jai Bhagwan Sharma, Harsh Kumal, Bahadur Singh, Bajrang Das Garg, D P Vats, K L Sharma and Virender Laambra.The first 10 of them have been given Bharatiya Janata Party tickets.
While there has been no credible explanation to the AICC as to why these Hooda's known followers, after enjoying fruits of his administration, have crossed over to the BJP, what is known to the AICC brass is the contrasting political targets of the two rival parties - the BJP and Chautla-led Indian National Lok Dal - fighting to wrest control of Haryana.
While the BJP has been talking about "taking on" the Gandhi family, especially Robert Vadra's controversial land deals, if it comes to power in the state, the Chautalas, now in a jail in connection with a corruption case, have been vowing to take "revenge" on Bhupinder Hooda and his son if the Indian National Lok Dal returns to power.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BJP hits back at Rahul Gandhi for attacking Narendra ModiBJP hits back at Rahul Gandhi for attacking Narendra Modi
PTI Sep 4, 2014, 06.29PM IST
Tags:
Amethi
(BJP today hit back at Rahul Gandhi…)
NEW DELHI: BJP today hit back at Rahul Gandhi for his attack on Prime Minister Narendra Modi and blamed the former UPA regime for the problems for which the Congress leader targeted the government.
Union minister Venkaiah Naidu responded to Rahul's attack by taking a dig at him, saying, "His voice is not heard by his own party, why should we listen?"
The Congress Vice President attacked Modi during a tour of his constituency Amethi in Uttar Pradesh.
"The Prime Minister enthrals audiences in Japan but Rahul Gandhi and Congress have lost their rhythm," said BJP spokesman Nalin Kohli while responding to the Congress leader's remark that Modi is "playing drums" in Japan while electricity problem and price rise were hurting people back home.
Referring to Rahul's attack on Modi over power problems in Uttar Pradesh, Kohli said he should answer why Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav "is not in touch" with Union Power Minister Piyush Goyal.
"As far as power problem is concerned, you (Rahul) were sleeping in Parliament and the UPA government for 10 years was in self-induced coma. It absolved itself of governance and converted the situation from economic prosperity to economic despondency," he said.
"These problems will be solved as Prime Minister Modi is serving the country, not ruling it," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Defence trainings in Asia  Africa and Latin AmericaGlobal strategic move: India increases defence trainings in Asia, Africa and Latin America
Dipanjan Roy Chaudhury, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 03.53AM IST
(Apart from Namibia and Ethiopia,…)
NEW DELHI: India is subtly increasing defence training programmes in friendly countries in southeast Asia Africa and Latin America, with a global strategic objective.
Besides training military officers and personnel of Afghanistan, Myanmar, Bangladesh, Asean, African and Latin American nations in domestic training facilities, Indian trainers are also visiting countries like Laos and Vietnam and Namibia and Ethiopia to impart military training, official sources told ET.
These are friendly countries with which India has extensive diplomatic contacts, sources pointed out. The training is not just about combat readiness but also involves basic modules like rock climbing and assisting in building infrastructure in these countries.
While in Southeast Asia, India is eyeing to play a larger strategic role, military cooperation with the African countries is in the context of maritime security cooperation and anti-piracy operations. "The defence cooperation with Africa has also to be viewed in the context of South-South cooperation," explained an official who did not wish to be named.
Apart from Namibia and Ethiopia, Indian defence trainers are extending cooperation to other countries of Africa that are not facing civil war. Ethiopia has been a key political and economic partner in East Africa. Namibia in South West Africa has political relations with India since the days of its anti-colonial movement and has also signed a uranium supply deal with India.
Deba Mohanty, a Delhi-based defence expert told ET that the Narendra Modi government has the political will to expand defence cooperation globally in the coming days. The officers and personnel from the Afghan National Army is being trained in India since the fall of Taliban in 2001 and the number of trainees has increased significantly in recent times, sources said. Military of ficers from Myanmar also receive training in India following closer defence links between the two countries.
Bangladesh, which did not send many military officers earlier to India is now deputing several personnel for training in India. India-Bangladesh relations have seen a marked improvement since 2009 and service chiefs and high-ranking officials from both countries have been visiting each other's country in the last few years. Besides training programs for these developing countries, India also trains military personnel from Singapore and Oman under self-financing scheme.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Blog: PM Narendra Modis discovery of the worldPM Narendra Modi’s discovery of the world
Reshmi R Dasgupta Sep 5, 2014, 06.04AM IST
Tags:
Brazil
(Time was when Indian prime…)
There have been quite a lot of smirks among the chatterati about Prime Minister Narendra Modi's schedule on his first major state visit — Nepal and Brics in Brazil do not count — that included feeding goldfish and 'chai pe charcha' with his Japanese counterpart. That a powwow between two leaders can — and possibly should — be anything more than a series of 'structured' discussions across long tables or on adjacent sofas has, sadly, almost been forgotten.
Time was when Indian prime ministerial and presidential trips abroad were journeys of discovery, an opportunity to understand and be understood. We needed foreign help for steel plants and IITs , dams and other temples of modern India. But visits of high dignitaries abroad could not — and were not — limited to just discussions on aid and assistance.
In the long run, such distractions had their uses. There was a need to project a new India. Imagine if 24x7 television had been around in the Nehruvian era. What would Indian audiences back then — far more cut off from the good life in the rest of the world than their current descendants — have made of the then-PM's grand itineraries on his foreign trips? Particularly as the important trips included his daughter and grandsons, imbuing it with an air of a (royal) family outing rather than an official trip to further India's image and interests?
Of course, as the aam aadmi had no satellite TV to stay updated on such happenings and bite back if they disagreed with those jaunts. And the insiders felt that if en famille trips served the larger purpose of upping India's profile and getting traction in the right places, why carp? It cannot be denied that the photogenic Nehru-Gandhis on, say, boat-rides on the Rhine made a fetching picture of new India. And new versions of that tactic are definitely needed.
Official trips being more than just dreary meetings is not a bad idea at all. Take Nehru's trip to America in 1961. The banquet where Americans first tasted specially imported Indian Alphonso mangoes off real silver thalis and the Indian delegation was feted in Hollywood by the stars created useful 'atmospherics', though there was a generation and perception gap between the ageing Indian PM and the youthful US president.
Nehru had the onerous task of putting a newly-independent country on the world map. So, any excesses and eccentricities were forgiven. But once he had set the template of the Idea of India for dissemination abroad during his long innings, successive PMs did little to change it.
His daughter and grandson naturally toed that line. Maybe the other PMs weren't temperamentally inclined — or simply couldn't be bothered — to strike out on their own when it came to foreign interactions. This PM, as we are often told, is different.
So, Modi has decided to reinvent the wheel. He has decided to go abroad and project a new idea of India, a new image — a mix of the expected and the unexpected. Nehru would not have gifted sandalwood to Nepal's premier temple or presented the Japanese PM with the Bhagavad Gita in Japanese. But he would certainly have tried his hand at a musical instrument or tweaked a little boy's ear for a cute photo-op as Modi has done this week.
Given that he is an 'outsider' and was not part of any prime ministerial jamborees as a junior minister, agenuine interest and even wonder is apparent as Modi goes abroad as PM. He is discovering new lands as much as providing an alternate idea of India. His subsequent foreign trips are also likely to see such engagement from him. Though money may be in his blood, as Modi put it, taking interactions beyond cold commerce and geopolitics will hopefully become the norm.
Besides, there is something oddly refreshing to see people in high places not so jaded or bored with their rarefied environs that they conduct official trips with zombie-like equanimity. There are many candid photos of a patrician Nehru clearly captivated by something, which would have touched a chord in ordinary Indians back then. Modi's obvious appreciation of new places and enjoyment in meeting new people may also, thus, find an echo in today's global Indian back home.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Not easy to sign N-deal with Tokyo in near futureYou are here: Home > Collections > Modi
Political push not enough to seal nuclear deal as Japan consistent on its position
Dipanjan Roy Chaudhury, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 02.46AM IST
Tags:
Insurability
(PM’s entourage did not…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister's otherwise successful trip to Japan that upgraded economic and defence partnership could not achieve the breakthrough on the much-soughtafter civil nuclear deal, with both sides continuing to stick to their principled positions on the Non-Proliferation Treaty and reprocessing rights .
A solution seems unlikely in the near future. Hopes were raised given Modi's personal chemistry with his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe that the two political leaders could bridge the differences and give a political push to technical negotiations to seal the deal during just-concluded trip. Bilateral negotiations re-launched last September received a momentum after Modi became the PM and chose Japan as one of his foreign policy priorities.
After the visit was postponed last July and rescheduled due to lack of preparation for the high-profile visit, technical teams from both sides held intense negotiations to address each other's viewpoints.
It was decided that Modi would point to India's self-imposed moratorium on nuclear tests to allay Japanese concerns. The PM, besides giving personal assurances to the Japanese leadership, referred to the principle of 'non-violence ingrained in India's DNA' at the Tokyo's Sacred Heart University.
However, it became clear closer to the trip that the deal may not be inked due to the persistent technical differences, sources said. The PM's entourage did not have Department of Atomic Energy chief. This was an indication enough that the deal would not be signed during the trip. DAE chief is the authority from the technical side to sign any nuclear deal besides the foreign minister.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government plans to feed imported coal to power plantsGovernment plans to feed imported coal to power plants; price to be pooled with domestic coal
Sarita Singh, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 01.29AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(Power ministry has quickly…)
NEW DELHI: The government is preparing a backup plan to feed imported coal to power plants after pooling its price with domestic coal in case the Supreme Court decides to cancel captive coal blocks at its hearing on September 9.
The power ministry has quickly altered a note for consideration by the Union cabinet to accommodate a proposal to supply imported coal to power plants linked to captive coal mines that are delayed or de-allocated, consequent to the Supreme Court ruling, a government official said. In the altered note, the power ministry has made room for any shortages that may arise as a fallout of Supreme Court's final verdict on the fate of the coal blocks that it said were illegally allocated.
The ministry proposed that Coal India supply all power plants commissioned after 2009 by importing dry fuel and pooling prices with domestic coal. The power ministry's earlier note had proposed offering interim supplies through Coal India to power plants with delayed or de-allocated mines, which was opposed by the coal ministry, citing shortages.
"Coal India will offer interim coal supply to power plants that are at advanced stage of commissioning but whose attached coal blocks are either delayed or in the process of de-allocation for reasons beyond their control. If the blocks are finally de-allocated, the interim supply will be converted into long term fuel supply contracts," the official said.
"Once there is clarity on the requirement of the coal after the Supreme Court judgement, the Central Electricity Authority and Coal India will decide about the coal import requirement in consultation with the railways and shipping authorities," the official said.
"Coal India will work out the commercial arrangement for the import of coal and supply of domestic and imported coal under the price-pooling arrangement," he said. Price pooling for power projects commissioned after 2009 is expected to raise power tariffs by 74 paise in 2014-15, 44 paise in 2015-16 and 5 paise in 2016-17.
The note, which has been circulated for inter-ministerial consultations, aims at providing fuel to all coalbased projects irrespective of their date of commissioning.
The proposal, in line with the budget announcement made by finance ministry Arun Jaitley , covers existing and upcoming plants with and without fuel tie-ups, projects with and without power purchase agreements and plants whose attached coal mines have been cancelled or delayed.
The coal ministry had shot down the power ministry's previous note saying Coal India had the ability to supply coal to only 60,000-mw plants. The coal ministry's fresh comments on the price-pooling mechanism are awaited.
Association of Power Producers director general Ashok Khurana said price pooling is a welcome move but the pre-2009 plants should also be included to keep electricity tariffs under check.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hearing on environment clearance to Machchakata coal block cancelledYou are here: Home > Collections > Coal
Hearing on environment clearance to Machchakata coal block cancelled
ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 01.51AM IST
Tags:
Adani Enterprises
(This is the third time such…)
NEW DELHI: Local protests forced authorities to cancel a public hearing for environment clearance to Machchakata coal block in Odisha's Angul district for the third time on Thursday. The block is being developed by Adani Enterprises for the state utilities of Gujarat and Maharashtra.
"There was a section of people who were against the hearing being held," Angul collector Sachin R Jadhav told ET. "Their argument that they had not agreed to cede land should not count for an environmental hearing," he added.
This is the third time such a hearing — a prerequisite under the Environment Protection Act — is being cancelled for the block, despite presence of 15 platoons of policemen.
Activists had also questioned legitimacy of the public hearing on Adani Enterprises' plan to develop Machchakata coal block, citing a Supreme Court order. The 1,244 million tonne of mineable reserves were allocated in 2006 to Mahaguj Collieries , a 60:40 joint venture between the state electricity utilities of Maharashtra and Gujarat.
Adani hopes to develop the block starting with production of 30 mt of coal per year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shiva Ayyadurai: The man of Email inventorYou are here: Home > Collections
Email ‘inventor’ Shiva Ayyadurai seeks public support against his detractors, avoids legal action for now
Jayadevan PK & Varun Sood, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 06.02AM IST
Tags:
Ayurveda
BANGALORE: Shiva Ayyadurai , the man in the middle of a raging controversy over his claims of being the inventor of email, doesn't want to go legal on his detractors but is looking for support from the public. "Lawsuits take a long time. If I have to pull the trigger I will. But I have decided to go directly to the people," Ayyadurai said in an interview with ET.
"When Deepak Chopra started talking of ayurveda in the US, he was attacked. His advice was to go directly to the people," he said. Ayyadurai, an American of Indian origin who insists that he is in fact the inventor of email, is once again right in the middle of a global controversy—not surprising given the grandiose nature of the claim. Did he, or did he not, invent electronic mail? After hearing his talk at an event hosted by spiritual guru Deepak Chopra, Huffington Post founder Arianna Huffington decided to commission a series of articles on the history of email, Ayyadurai, 50, said.
The controversy is one of those stories on the Internet that refuse to die, in spite of having been written about and argued over many times. Some experts including Sabeer Bhatia , co-founder of Hotmail, dismiss Ayyadurai's claims and say that email was developed by the Defence Advanced Research Projects Agency (Darpa) in the 1960s.
(That US organization played a critical role in the birth of the Internet.) Ayyadurai says email was born in a city in New Jersey not exactly known for technological breakthroughs. "In 1978, there was a 14-year-old boy working in Newark. He did in fact create the inter-office mail system and called it email. What they did before 1978 was text messaging. The facts are coming out now in 2014," said Ayyadurai, referring to his younger self.
Credit for the invention has been appropriated by defence contractor Raytheon, which built a brand for itself based on the claim, he said. Raytheon declined to comment. The controversy captured the public imagination first in 2012, when the Smithsonian Museum acquired some documents from Ayyadurai, following which articles calling him the inventor of email surfaced. His claims were promptly refuted by critics.
Computer historian Thomas Haigh was quick to point out in 2012: "Electronic mail, or email, was introduced at MIT (Massachusetts Institute of Technology) in 1965 and was widely discussed in the press during the 1970s. Tens of thousands of users were swapping messages daily by 1980."
His critics have said that in 1982, Ayyadurai merely copyrighted the term 'email' and the code he wrote and that such messaging existed long before 1978. However, he says that it was the only way to protect software as patents didn't cover software in those days. According to him, critics find it hard to believe that a 14-year-old Indian in a backwater like Newark could invent something as massive and socially significant as email.
"Fundamentally there is a narrative around where innovation can come out from... the innovators' spirit of America still exists. However, there is a narrative in America which goes like--you must go to MIT to get your calling card. Or you go to Harvard and then you drop out and then you've made it," he said. Entrepreneur-turned-academic Vivek Wadhwa said there was no basis for such an argument.
"There is no such discrimination between East Coast and West Coast. After all, Bell Labs—which was long the center of innovation--was from New Jersey. Also, IBM , DEC (Digital Equipment Corp.), and Unisys were East Coast companies and were big players around the time he made his claims. In those days, the East Coast was the centre of innovation—not West Coast."
The Mumbai-born Ayyadurai has come a long way from New Jersey, having himself gone to MIT and obtained a PhD in biological engineering from the premier school. His personal website bears the motto 'Know the truth, be the light, find your way' and bears a picture of him posing with Prime Minister Narendra Modi along his book, The Email Revolution.
Ayyadurai, who moved with his family to the US when he was seven, is currently running a new company that he believes will be bigger than email. He's raised $1.5 million for Cytosolve, which aims to build a new way to model molecular reactions of a human cell on a computer, he said. "Now we can model molecular reactions on the computer to revolutionise the entire process of multi-combination therapeutics," said Ayyadurai. "Cytosolve is a big innovation and is going to be the next billion dollar company," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why Apple fears this 20-year-old Mark GurmanWhy Apple fears this 20-year-old Mark Gurman
By ET Bureau | 5 Sep, 2014, 09.22AM IST
0
Share More
Mark Gurman has been breaking the big Apple stories since he was 14, despite never being invited to the company’s press events.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
By Tasneem Balapurwala
He could be your friendly neighbourhood cub reporter. After all, a high-schooler with an interest in all things tech — especially Apple — is not unusual. But he is much more than that.
In 2009, at 14, Mark Gurman broke one of the biggest tech stories of our times — Apple's plans to launch a tablet, one that later became the phenomenal iPad. Fast forward to 2014 and the 20-year-old still juggles his dual lives.
In one, he is a junior at the University of Michigan, attends classes and enjoys a game of basketball with his friends. In the other, he is senior editor of 9to5mac.com, draws a six-figure salary and continues to be the chink in Apple's oh-sosecretive armour.
Breaking ground
Gurman has become a specialist of credible and groundbreaking Apple stories. He broke the news about the iPhone 4S, Siri and Retina MacBook Pro. He released the first photos of the iPhone 5 and also the current hot subject — the iWatch team and its development. So where did it all begin?
"It began in late 2009 when I found Apple registering hidden internet domain names for tablet devices, one of them being iSlate.com,"Gurman says in an email interview. "This was weeks prior to the launch of the original iPad in January 2010." He posted the story on a site called macrumours.com and immediately garnered attention, including that of the 9to5mac guys.
Despite Gurman's age, they took him on board. His stories not only send ripples through the industry, but also satisfy Apple fans who treasure every shred of information; it's why he does it too. "I've always been a fan of the Apple culture, Steve Jobs, and the integration of products. Apple is a very secretive company, and this makes it even more interesting to cover them," he says.
Apple's rejection
Gurman has never been invited to Apple's press conferences, nor is he acknowledged as a legitimate beat reporter, yet, he manages to break stories. He says, "I don't think they are a fan of me getting the stories without their help. But, as I have proved time and again, I don't need Apple PR's approval to break news about Apple."
Scoop master
The million-dollar question is — how is he doing it? Who is talking to him so consistently with such accurate details over the years? Gurman only says, "It is all about gaining mutual trust with the source and ensuring that you keep them anonymous. Of course, it's always helpful to verify a story with multiple other people."
Idol worship
Coming from a family of long-time Apple consumers and admirers, Apple is a way of life for Gurman. "I never had the chance to meet or talk with Steve Jobs. He was my idol while growing up and I think whatever business I start will utilise tactics that he used to build Apple," he says.
What next?
Journalism is not his first passion. As a kid, he liked coding and building apps, but that took a backseat. "Now, I'd like to run a company that has people like me writing about it. That's the next step, and hopefully it's much sooner than later.".
GURMAN'S PREDICTIONS
- The iPhone 6 will include larger displays to answer the larger screen market (created by Samsung).
- Integrated approach to mobile payments will cause the payments feature to be a huge hit.
- The Apple wearable device will re-boot the wearables category like the iPhone did for the phone, and the iPod did for music players. The key features will be mobile payments, iPhone notifications, mapping, and of course, health and fitness tracking.

Family  spirit and frugality help the Birlas keep pace with changing timesYou are here: Home > Collections > Birlas
'Family' spirit and frugality help the Birlas keep pace with changing times
ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 06.39AM IST
(Kumar Mangalam has turned…)
For most of its over 150-year history, the Birlas have been a major player in the business life of India. Since their entry into industry in 1919, immediately after World War 1, they have consistently stood amongst the leading industrial houses, jostling for the top spot with the Tatas.
In terms of leadership amongst big business and influence in political circles, the Birlas were unsurpassed, at least till the 1970s, under the group's patriarch GD Birla who was responsible for forging much of the solidarity which private enterprise displayed in the momentous decades from the 1920s to the 1960s. What lies behind the Birla success story?
It is worthwhile to speculate what has enabled the family-firm to remain dynamic and at the forefront of business leadership. The firm had started in the mid 19th century with trading and speculation, first in Bombay and then from its gaddi in Calcutta's Bara Bazaar.
After making windfall profits in speculative markets during World War 1, the family made the transition from old-style trading to modern industry by first entering jute and then expanding into a number of sectors.
This expansion continued in the colonial period and then independent India, through the somewhat restrictive regimes of 'Nehruvian socialism' and the 'license-permit Raj' of the 1960s and '70s. When the country embarked upon liberalization in the early 1990s the Birlas were well positioned to take advantage of the opportunities it brought.
It is now well acknowledged that capitalism thrives on certain traits and values - the stuff of culture. It may be worthwhile to discern what values have shaped the Birlas and how these may have contributed to their success. A key tenet has been to look upon the family as a social entity. Individualism is discouraged and relations within the business are built for the longterm.
A broad view is taken of the family to include kinsmen, business associates, managers and employees. GD Birla was known for his legendary ability to hire and retain mangers and delegate responsibilities to them.
Much of these relations of trust led to associations forged for life. He delegated easily and was able to build up an inner circle of talented people upon whom he depended. In his lifetime he expanded the business from a family-run firm into one which evolved into managerial capitalism, although based upon kinship ties. Basant Kumar and Aditya Birla worked largely within this structure.
The coming of Kumar Mangalam meant the shedding of the kinship-based baggage and expanding the pool of managers, drawing the best talent wherever it could be found.
To Kumar Mangalam goes the credit of turning the kin-based managerial capitalism into a true meritocracy. However, in doing so he retained the spirit of the 'family' in that relations with top managers are seen as long term and based upon mutual trust and loyalty. This family-oriented style has worked well for the fourth generation of the Birlas.
Another Birla trait is of frugality in personal life, which has historically been a code of behavior for generations of Marwari merchant families, a trait shared by Chinese business families and not dissimilar to the ethic of the Protestants. Merchants have been expected to maintain a frugal life-style, as personal conduct is closely related to credit and 'trust' in the market place.
 
An austere life-style and a strict code of personal behavior are practices which the Birlas imbibe from childhood. Thus, GD Birla emphasized to the young Basant Kumar to 'never utilize wealth only for fun and frolic,' to 'spend the bare minimum on yourself,' and to deride 'worldly pleasures.'
Such austere behavior was taken to great lengths and the younger generation was advised to exercise restraint in consumption of food; 'those who eat food only for taste die prematurely,' GD warned his children, advising them to 'take food as you would take medicine.' The general advice to the younger generation was to 'eat only vegetarian food, never drink alcohol or smoke, keep early hours... keep in touch with the family, and above all, don't be extravagant.'
This personal frugality is carried forward in practices of financial management at the work-place. The centuries old parta system perfected by traditional Marwari traders which allowed for an accounting of cash and credit at the end of the business day was modernized by GD to run his large industrial enterprises. Of course, in a large global conglomerate, it may be difficult to follow such a system, but its essentials continue to be used in the practice of daily reporting and strict prudence in keeping track of financial flows.
Adaptability is yet another trait which has proved advantageous to successful business families advantages. Marwari businesses are known to have maintained a highly versatile trading and financial portfolio which enables them to shift their priorities when faced with challenges as well as to take up new opportunities.
Many examples may be given of this adaptability. For example, despite the move into industry in 1919, the Birlas continued with their traditional operations in the satta markets well into the 1920s. In 1957 GD Birla became the first industrialist to invest in the state of Kerala even after a Communist government had come to power under the leadership of EMS Namboodiripad.
Tired of the hurdles posed by the License-Permit Raj, Aditya Birla led his group to invest into Thailand in 1969, then in the Philippines, Malaysia in the 1970s, much before the economic miracle occurring in the region was being widely noticed.
This made the Birlas truly the first Indian multi-national. Kumar Mangalam has built on these legacies; boldness of vision and daring have become hallmarks of the Birla entrepreneurial culture. Kumar Mangalam's goal of making his business a $65bn conglomerate by 2016 exemplifies this boldness.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Amazon begins test delivery of groceries in USAmazon begins test delivery of groceries in US
Reuters  San Francisco, September 05, 2014
First Published: 09:11 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 11:52 IST(5/9/2014)
Comments
Amazon.com Inc has begun using the US Postal Service to deliver groceries on a trial basis in the San Francisco area, in a potential boost for the online retailer's fledgling but gradually expanding "AmazonFresh" service.
The postal service began a 60-day trial in the first week of August, shipping small grocery parcels in insulated bags right to buyers' doorsteps between 3am and 7am in the morning, where demand for delivery is generally at its lowest.
Depending on how things go, the partners may consider expanding beyond the city and going nationwide, a spokeswoman for the postal service said.
Amazon's fast-growing business could give the cash-strapped postal service a shot in the arm. USPS has struggled with declining mail volumes and persistent losses for years, though its package-delivery business grew 6 percent to 3.7 billion packages in 2013.
The agency lost $2 billion from April to June, compared with a net loss of $740 million in the same period of last year.
The postal service is now trying to "determine if delivering groceries to residential and business addresses would be feasible from an operations standpoint and could be financially beneficial for the organization," the spokeswoman said in a statement.
Amazon declined to comment beyond saying in a statement: "We are always looking for new and innovative ways to deliver packages to customers."
It already uses the postal service for Sunday deliveries, and intends to roll out that feature to "a large proportion" of the country this year.
The company has steadily expanded its online grocery business, targeting one of the largest retail sectors yet to be upended by online commerce. The company has plans to launch AmazonFresh, which has operated in Seattle for years, in roughly 20 urban areas in 2014, including some outside the United States.
The tie-up was first reported by the Wall Street Journal on Thursday.

ECB action: Next catalyst for emerging marketsSep 05, 2014, 11.47 AM IST  | Source: CNBC
ECB action: Next catalyst for emerging markets?
dThe ECB surprised investors on Thursday,cutting interest rates to record lows and announcing a program to buy asset-backed securities and covered bonds starting in Octobe
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ECB action: Next catalyst for emerging markets?
dThe ECB surprised investors on Thursday,cutting interest rates to record lows and announcing a program to buy asset-backed securities and covered bonds starting in Octobe
Post your opinion here
 
The European Central Bank (ECB) is back in "whatever it takes" mode to stimulate the sputtering economy and Asian markets are set to benefit, say strategists.
"The added euro zone liquidity will not find easy outlets in Europe. Bonds are expensive; the German and French 2-year note yields dropped below zero. Some funds will flow into periphery bonds; some into equities and hold their breath," Uwe Parpart, chief strategist at Reorient Group wrote in a note on Friday.
"But a good deal of liquidity will be outbound," he said.
The ECB surprised investors on Thursday,cutting interest rates to record lows and announcing a program to buy asset-backed securities and covered bonds starting in October.
As the strengthening US dollar makes US stocks less attractive to foreign buyers, the added liquidity will flow into Asia, said Parpart, highlighting China and Japan in particular.
"As the US dollar gains, the yen  declines -- that`s [Nikkei] positive, [especially] if the BOJ (Bank of Japan) also eases further. Meanwhile, the China rally continues and is supported both by still-low valuations and varieties of financial regulatory measures," he said. Chinese stocks are up over 9 percent year to date; Japanese equities, however, are down 3.5 percent.
The benchmark Shanghai Composite and Nikkei 225 traded up 0.5 percent and 0.2 percent, respectively, on Friday.
 Dariusz Kowalczyk, a senior economist and strategist at Credit Agricole, agrees emerging market assets stand to benefit from the ECB`s policy move.
"ECB plans to boost the size of its balance sheet by almost half should have some spillover effects in terms of capital flows into EMs, supporting Asian equity markets," he said.
This also means a rally of Asian currencies against the euro, he added.
With European interest rates at record lows, the euro will likely become a popular carry trade, with investors funding investments in higher yielding assets including emerging market currencies.
"What we`re seeing is liquidity is set to ramp up, volatility is still low and as a result carry structures are still in place," said Weston.
"Now we say, what`s our funding currency? It`s clearly the euro, no other currency. And then we ask where can I get yield? And you want to be long emerging markets, the Australian dollar , and high yielding Latin American currencies," he said.
Copyright 2011 cnbc.com

Why partial deallocation of coal blocks flawedYou are here: Home > Collections > Coal
Centre's proposal for partial deallocation of coal blocks flawed
M Rajshekhar, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 01.40AM IST
Tags:
Adani Enterprises
(The Centre and a clutch of…)
NEW DELHI: The Centre and a clutch of industry associations have pleaded with the Supreme Court not to deallocate 46 coal blocks that are already under production or are about to start production, but a closer look at their proposal to levy a penalty of Rs 295 per tonne on coal mined reveals several flaws.
When the apex court resumed hearings after declaring allocation of all 218 coal blocks since 1993 illegal, the government also recommended that power producers with captive coal blocks be allowed to henceforth sell power only through longterm power purchase agreements (PPA) and not in the merchant market.
However, the question arises as to whether the proposed penalty and the long-term PPA can redress the skewing of competitive advantage towards those with captive blocks, one of the biggest fallouts of the captive coal block approach followed by successive governments.
"The matter is sub judice," said a spokesperson of Jindal Steel & Power, declining comment on the matter.
According to observers, though, there are three problems with the captive coal block approach. "Every block is different (in terms of the grade of coal and the relative ease of mining). And so, a common benchmark may not work," said Dipesh Dipu, an associate professor at the Centre for Energy and Infrastructure Development at the Administrative Staff College of India.
Then there are other questions about the proposed penalty. Sudiep Shrivastava, one of the key lawyers who argued against the captive coal block allocations, said, "While Rs 295 might be a suitable penalty for the coal mined till now, for coal mined in the future, the penalty should not be Rs 295 per tonne. It should be linked to royalty - or to the existing price charged by (state-run miner) Coal India."
Not only is a common proposed penalty an imperfect solution, the government has not suggested an equivalent requirement like long term PPAs for iron and steel players with coal blocks.
Shrivastava said, several of these 40 companies have been given far more coal than they need. For instance, Jayaswal Neco, which had an annual requirement of 2 million tonnes (MT) of coal, has been given a coal block (Gare Palma IV/4) with coal reserves of 125 MT. In contrast, Prakash Industries , now the subject of a CBI investigation like Jayaswal Neco, needed 1 MT a year but was given a block with 34 MT. Or take Electrosteel Castings. It needed 0.58 million tonnes a year but was given a block (Parbatpur) with geological reserves of 231 MT.
Turn to the state utilities given coal blocks and the suggestion against deallocation can create an even more complicated mess. These companies, Dipu said, given their poor record of developing captive mines, "depended on contract miners or mine developers and operators (MDOs)".
These have been contentious models, Dipu said, adding, "The contractor is left wholly in charge of these blocks with very little supervision. And we know how much scope there is in coal for theft."
Indeed, each of these state utilities in the list of 40 has outsourced mining to either Kolkata-headquartered EMTA or Adani Enterprises . For instance, while Damodar Valley Corporation has entered into an agreement with EMTA, Rajasthan Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam has signed up with Adani Enterprises. These are 74:26 agreements where the state utility forms a joint venture or JV with the private company such that the JV company is in charge of mining. The private party holds a 74% stake in the JV company. These JV companies sell coal to the utility at a price that is linked not to the JV's cost of mining but to the prevailing Coal India price. Now, in its judgement, the SC has declared another JV model, the 51:49 one where the state utility held 51% in the JV but management control vested with the private party, as illegal. This has raised another question about the 74:26 model. "If the 51:49 JV is illegal, then how can the 74:26 JV be legal?" asked Shrivastava.
That is not the only issue. Even if the court does not deallocate these 16 blocks, Shrivastava asked, "Who will mine? The PSU (public sector unit) has no capacity. So, even if you save these leases, what is the way forward?" Besides, he added, "Given that the lease is in the name of the PSU, are they in a position to pay Rs 295 per tonne of coal mined till now? If not, who will pay this Rs 295?"
In that sense, India has a chance to fix its inefficient and corruption-riddled coal sector. Indeed, even within the 40 blocks that started mining, Dipu said, several have not reached peak production - even though all of them were allotted in the 1990s and the early 2000s. "They did not have the expertise. They somehow developed their blocks after poaching people from Coal India. But somehow developing a block is not the same as scientific mining," he said. Even auctions cannot fix this problem if end-users are allowed to participate. "What if a company finds that its erstwhile captive block has been acquired by a third party which refuses to supply to it?" asked Shrivastava.
According to Dipu, there should be full deallocation. Even if the country's import bill on coal goes up for a couple of years, he said, India should take this time to create a more modern coal industry.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sonam Kapoor s  OMG!  moment with Salman Khan"I have grown up with his films like 'Hum Aapke Hain Koun...!' and 'Maine Pyar Kiya', and it's just like an 'Oh my god moment!'. So I had to pinch myself at times," she added.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 5, 2014 11:57 am | Updated: September 5, 2014 2:49 pm
“Oh my god,” exclaimed Sonam Kapoor when she was offered a chance to romance Salman Khan in the forthcoming film “Prem Ratan Dhan Payo”.
She says it was also a bit weird to work with director Sooraj Barjatya and Salman Khan, whose romantic sagas she was hooked on to while growing up. “Working with Soorajji and Salman is like the weirdest thing because I have grown up watching Prem (Salman’s character) and it’s like, ‘Oh my god! Prem is romancing me.’,” Sonam told IANS.
“I have grown up with his films like ‘Hum Aapke Hain Koun…!’ and ‘Maine Pyar Kiya’, and it’s just like an ‘Oh my god moment!’. So I had to pinch myself at times,” she added.
However, this is not her first film with the 48-year-old superstar. The 29-year-old romanced him in her debut film “Saawariya”.
Talking about working with Salman Khan yet again, she said: “We have finished our first schedule. It’s been seven years since I worked with him…I have known him all my life, but he is amazing. He is a professional; he has got the highest amount of IQ.”
“I have never seen him being nasty to anyone or rude to anybody. He has immense respect for women and he is extremely hardworking. He is always on time, always improvising. He is one of the best actors I have ever worked with. He is always trying to do something different.”
Working with Soorajji and Salman is like the weirdest thing because I have grown up watching Prem (Salman's character) and it's like, 'Oh my god! Prem is romancing me.

Parineeti Chopra: I ll wear a bikini only when I m in the right shapePrint
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 5, 2014 10:21 am | Updated: September 5, 2014 10:35 am
Bollywood’s favourite girl-next-door Parineeti Chopra says she will wear a bikini only when she is in the right shape, but not right now.
Yash Raj Films is known for presenting their heroines in the most glamorous avatar on the screen. However, the 25-year-old, who has done five films with the banner including her forthcoming releases “ Daawat-e-Ishq ” and “Kill Dill”, is yet to flaunt her glamorous side.
Excerpts:
Q: So are you following the Yash Raj Films tradition of heroines getting into a bikini?
A: No, no, no! I am not doing anything that startlingly glamorous. But let me tell you I’m sure I’ll wear the bikini at the right opportunity. I’ve to get into the right shape for that.
Q: For that you’ll have to cut down on your pizzas?
A: Hai na? It’s impossible for me to cut down on my pizzas entirely. But I am trying. But “Kill Dill” doesn’t really require me to be ultra-slim. I play a girl from Delhi and I’ve to dress, look and speak in a certain way. It’s not as if I, Parineeti Chopra, would go out of character to prove how glamorous I can look.
Q: Why is such a fuss about what you wear?
A: Wearing western outfits is not such a culture shock for me as it is made out to be. I am unnecessarily being slotted as the-girl-next-door because I guess every heroine has to be put in a compartment.

Surveen Chawla s HOTTEST photosPhoto uploaded by Hitesh Sharma
on Sep 04, 2014 , 04:57 pm
4524 Views  |  0  Comment  |  
Report Abuse
After 'Hate Story 2', Surveen Chawla shows off her bold side again in a new song 'Mohabbat Barsa Dena' from the film 'Creature 3D'. Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images.
After 'Hate Story 2', Surveen Chawla shows off her bold side again in a new song 'Mohabbat Barsa Dena' from the film 'Creature 3D'. Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images.

We are prepared to face al-Qaeda threat: IAF chiefact of terror
IAF chief Arup Raha on Friday said there was a threat from terror groups such as al-Qaeda but the country is ready to tackle such outfits.
“There is a threat perception from such agencies but the nation is prepared for it,” he said when asked about the al-Qaeda threat to start operations in India.
He was talking to reporters on the sidelines of a seminar on the role of Air Force in the 1965 war with Pakistan.
U.S. media and intelligence agencies had said on Thursday that al-Qaeda has established a new branch to wage jihad in India, revive its caliphate and impose sharia in the Indian sub-continent.
The creation of the group called “Qaedat al-Jihad in the Indian Subcontinent” was announced by As Sahab, al-Qaeda’s official media outlet, in a lengthy video posted on social media outlets.
Al-Qaeda is active in Afghanistan and Pakistan, but the group’s leader Ayman al Zawahiri said “Qaedat al-Jihad” would take the fight to India, Myanmar and Bangladesh.
Security agencies feel the video could be an attempt by al-Qaeda to carry out fresh recruitments in the sub-continent as it stares at diminishing influence vis-a-vis the ISIS.

Microsoft  publishers try to stop  catastrophic  Google EU dealApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Bangladesh scrambles to confront al-Qaeda threatPress Trust of India | Dhaka | Posted: September 5, 2014 1:11 pm
Bangladesh has ordered a fresh probe if any local militant outfits have links with al-Qaeda while intelligence agencies brace to confront the latest threat from the group after it established a South Asian wing.
“We’ve learnt that after the message India has issued a red alert. We are also taking the matter seriously,” State Home Minister Asaduzzaman Khan Kamal said yesterday while officials said the intelligence agencies were ordered to check authenticity of al-Qaeda’s latest video message and its possible links with any Bangladeshi outfit.
Kamal, however, did not elaborate immediately saying the government would officially issue a statement on the issueshortly as “we are looking into the al-Qaeda video message. We have been working on curbing militancy for a long time”.
But officials preferring anonymity said immediately after the release of the al-Qaeda video on Wednesday, the police headquarters ordered enhanced surveillance over a dozen ‘madrassas’ or Islamic seminaries which are dominated or run by ultra-right Islamist groups or parties including Jamaat-e-Islami and Hefazat-e-Islam.
The Daily Star newspaper quoting unidentified intelligence officials on Friday reported that despite the security clampdown on Bangladeshi militant outfits and bringing their top leaders to justice over the past several years, “still there were some al-Qaeda followers in Bangladesh”.
These followers, they said, received militant training in Afghanistan and fought for al-Qaeda abroad and they were involved in militancy in the country as well.
Al-Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahri on Wednesday announced the formation of an Indian branch of his militant group to spread Islamic rule and “raise the flag of jihad” across the subcontinent.
Sixty-three-year-old Zawahri described the formation of “Al-Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent” as “glad tidings” for Muslims “in Burma, Bangladesh, Assam, Gujarat, Ahmedabad, and Kashmir” and added the new wing would rescue Muslims there from “injustice and oppression”.
The latest al-Qaeda message came seven months after Zawahiri in an unconfirmed statement called on Bangladeshi Muslims to launch a “Jihad” against western nations and claimed the country was a victim of plots hatched by Indian agents and Pakistani military.
Several security and political analysts, however, believe Zawahiri’s latest call comes as al-Qaeda’s ageing leaders are struggling to compete for recruits with the Islamic State terror group (IS) which has galvanised young followers around the world by carving out tracts of territory across the Iraq-Syria border.

Flood situation remains grim in Jammu and Kashmirpicture  others
Flood situation remains grim in Jammu and Kashmir
Residents who moved with their belongings to a higher land cover themselves with a plastic sheet to protect from the rain after water levels rose on the banks of the River Tawi in Jammu.
At least 100 villages across the Kashmir valley were flooded by overflowing lakes and rivers, in the worst flooding in 22 years caused by heavy rains. (Source: AP)
Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir Omar Abdullah along with top officials inspecting the flood situation on the banks of river Jehlum in Srinagar. (Source: AP)
Doru Verinag bridge collapses due to flood in Poonch, Jammu and Kashmir on Thursday. (Source: AP)
Residents who moved with their belongings to a higher land cover themselves with a plastic sheet to protect from the rain after water levels rose on the banks of the River Tawi in Jammu. (Source: AP)
Volunteers at  rescue mission at a flooded area following heavy rains in Srinagar on Thursday. (Source: AP)
Army soldiers during a search operation of bus passengers of a marriage party after it was washed away in flash floods in Rajouri, Jammu and Kashmir on Thursday. (Source: AP)
Army soldiers during a search operation of bus passengers of a marriage party after it was washed away in flash floods in Rajouri, Jammu and Kashmir on Thursday. (Source: AP)
Soldiers at rescue mission at flooded Haj House at Bemina following heavy rains in Srinagar on Thursday. (Source: AP)
A boy moves his belongings to a safer land after water levels rose on the banks of the River Tawi in Jammu. (Source: AP)
Soldiers at rescue mission at flooded Haj House at Bemina following heavy rains in Srinagar. (Source: AP)
Residents stand and watch water level rise  on the banks of the River Tawi in Jammu. (Source: AP)
Residents stand and watch water level rise  on the banks of the River Tawi in Jammu. (Source: AP)

Arjun Kapoor  Deepika Padukone battle it out in badmintonentertainment
Arjun Kapoor, Deepika Padukone battle it out in badminton
'Finding Fanny' lead actors Arjun Kapoor and Deepika Padukone appeared on reality television show 'India's Best Cinestars Ki Khoj' to promote their forthcoming comedy flick. While on the sets, the duo had a blast with all sorts of antics including some badminton. Deepika managed beautifully even though she was wearing a sari. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Arjun Kapoor gets ready to hit. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Arjun plays the perfect gentleman as he allows Deepika to go ahead. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Deepika looked beautiful in a bright red Nikasha sari accesorised with danglers, matching lipcolour and an updo. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Arjun Kapoor, who will be seen romancing the beauty onscreen in Finding Fanny, was handsome in all black. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The show's presenters Hussain Kuwajerwala and Vishal Malhotra joined Deepika and Arjun on the dance floor. They danced to hit song 'Shake Youre Bootiya'. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Deepika, Hussain and Vishal 'shake their bootiya', while Arjun doesn’t seem so certain about the move. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Hussain, Arjun, Deepika and Vishal show off their dance moves. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
A special fan is thrilled to pose for a picture along with Deepika, while Arjun looks on. (Source: Varinder Chawla)

India  Australia to sign nuke deal for uranium saleIndia, Australia to sign nuke deal for uranium sale
Agencies  New Delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 14:40 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:01 IST(6/9/2014)
Comments
India is set to sign a civil nuclear deal with Australia for the export of uranium to New Delhi on Friday evening, agencies report.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott met prime minister Narendra Modi at the beginning of his two-day state visit during which they are expected to sign the deal to allow the export of uranium to New Delhi for use in power generation.
Australia, which has almost a third of the world's known uranium reserves, imposes strict conditions on uranium exports and India's failure to sign the Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty had long been a barrier to a deal.
Both countries have been negotiating a so-called nuclear safeguards agreement with verification mechanisms since 2012 when a former Australian government agreed on civil nuclear energy cooperation with India that would eventually allow the export of Australian uranium.

JP Associates cracks 14%; down 30% in four daysYou are here: Home > Collections
Jaiprakash Associates plunges over 30% in 4 days as promoters sell stake
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 5, 2014, 11.04AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Macquarie has maintained…)
MUMBAI: Investors are losing faith in Jaiprakash Associates and that is evident from the sharp sell-off in the stock after one of the promoters sold shares at a discount to market price.
The company had recently completed a $250 million QIP at a price of Rs 70.4 per share.
The stock has tanked over 30 per cent in last four sessions and given the panic in the stock, downside is likely to continue.
Promoter entity Jaypee Infra Ventures has sold 3.53 crore shares or 1.45 per cent stake worth Rs 166 crore between September 1 and 3 at an average price of Rs 47 per share.
Post stake sale, Jaypee Infra Ventures will hold 28.30 per cent stake in the company.
There is panic selling in the stock on concerns that promoters are exiting the company.
The management tried to assuage investors concerns but it has had no effect on the sentiment.
In it clarification to the stock exchanges, the company said "the small share holding has been disposed off by the Promoter Company to meet its requirement of funds including for social cause."
"It is clarified and confirmed for information of all stakeholders that the Promoters of Jaiprakash Associates continue to have full faith in the Company and hope that the investor / stakeholders would continue to have confidence in the Company and its Management, as hitherto," the company said.
Macquarie has maintained 'Underperform' rating on the stock. The brokerage is of the view that earnings are expected to continue to disappoint.
"We believe that even after building in significantly higher cement business profitability and assuming most of the power plants are operational, ROE will remain subdued," the brokerage said.
"The asset-based valuation has supported the stock price for a long time now. We believe a focus on earnings will lead to a re-rating," the report added.
The company's high debt will also keep the stock under pressure going forward. JP Associates' consolidated net debt to equity is 6.8x and current EBITDA/Interest is at 1.1x.
"Our analysis suggests that de-leveraging of US$4 billion is required to get EBITDA/interest ratio is greater than 1.5x. Fund raising has been only to finance short-term debt payments and equity shortfall for projects," Macquarie report added.
At 10:50 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 33.45, down 11.27 per cent, on the BSE . It plunged 14.32 per cent to touch 52-week low of Rs 32.30.
The stock has tanked 33 per cent since September 1 as promoter group started selling shares in the market.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Markets end lower; Sensex holds 27 000Surabhi Roy |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 03:51 PM IST
Markets end lower; Sensex holds 27,000
The 30-share Sensex ended down by 59 points at 27,027 and the 50-share Nifty slipped 7 points at 8,087
Markets extended losses for the second day, amid weak global cues, with HDFC Group shares leading the decline even as IT majors gained after huge overseas orders.
The 30-share Sensex ended down by 59 points at 27,027 and the 50-share Nifty slipped 9 points to close at 8,087.
The broader markets outperformed the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices gained between 0.4-1.2%.
The market breadth on BSE ended firm with 1,723 shares advancing and 1,268 shares declining.
Meanwhile, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 1697.74 crore on Thursday, as per provisional data from the stock exchanges.
INDIAN RUPEE
The rupee will likely stagnate over the next year as a US dollar rally gathers steam and the Indian economy at best chugs along, while the Chinese Yuan will probably appreciate a little, a Reuters poll found.
The poll of more than 30 currency strategists, conducted this week, predicted one US dollar will fetch Rs 60.50 in a month, Rs 60.30 in six months and Rs 60.82 in a year. The dollar was trading around 60.43 on Friday.
GLOBAL MARKETS
Japan's Nikkei share average edged down on Friday in choppy trade, but declines were limited as the mood was supported after the dollar rose to a six-year high against the yen following the European Central Bank's monetary easing steps.
The Nikkei dropped 0.1% to 15,668.68, close to a seven-month high of 15,829.38 hit on Wednesday. For the week, the index rose 1.6%. The broader Topix declined 0.3 percent to 1,293.21, and the new JPX-Nikkei Index 400 shed 0.3% to 11,732.03.
The ECB cut interest rates to fresh record lows and announced plans to buy asset-backed securities (ABS) and covered bonds in October.
SECTORS & STOCKS
BSE Auto, Bankex, FMCG and Power indices declined between 0.1-1%. However, BSE Capital Goods, Metal and Realty indices gained by nearly 1% each.
The main losers on the Sensex were Hero MotoCorp, HDFC, BHEL, Coal India, ICICI Bank, Hindalco and Bharti Airtel.
Wipro has secured a 5-year Infrastructure Management contract from Philip Morris International (PMI), which owns cigarette brands like Marlboro. The stock gained by nearly 1%.
Infosys gained by nearly 1% after the company signed a five-year group-wide IT outsourcing services contract with BP (formerly British Petroleum).
Select banks which had gained following upbeat economic data witnessed profit taking. However, SBI gained by over 1%.
On the gaining side, Bajaj Auto, Sesa Sterlite, L&T, ONGC and Tata Steel have gained between 1-2%.
L&T gained after the company secured a turnkey order worth Rs 5,100 crore for setting up a 1320 MW supercritical thermal power plant project at Shree Sinaji TPP (Stage-II) on complete engineering-procurement construction basis from the state utility MP Power Genertaing Company Limited (MPPGCL).
Among other shares, Suven Life Sciences zoomed by 20%, extending its previous 7% gain, after the company said it received one product patent each in three countries.
Info Edge (India) ended higher by nearly 5% after the company's QIP Committee, on Thursday, approved and authorised the launch of Qualified Institutions Placement.
Natco Pharma was locked in 5% upper circuit at Rs 1,439 after the company said its marketing partner in the US, Breckenridge Pharmaceutical, Inc. (BPI), has filed an Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA) for Everolimus for tablets in dosages of 0.25mg, 0.5mg, and 0.75mg.
 Advertisements

OMG: World s HOTTEST news anchors!Photo uploaded by Shankar Manakkal
on Sep 04, 2014 , 04:20 pm
8546 Views  |  0  Comment  |  
Report Abuse
That's the very hot Gaal Noemi. Now that you know the name. You can google more about her. Image Source: Procured via Google Search.
That's the very hot Gaal Noemi. Now that you know the name. You can google more about her. Image Source: Procured via Google Search.

Expect US non-farm payrolls to be stronger at 245k: SocGenUS non-farm payrolls data is expected later in the day. Benoit Anne of Societe Generale expects non-farm payrolls to be stronger at 245,000 today.
He does not expect Federal Reserve to hike interest rates early even if payroll data is strong.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Benoit Anne's interview with CNBC-TV18's Menaka Doshi and Sonia Shenoy.
Menaka: What did you make of ECB's decision yesterday to both cut rates which came as a bit of a surprise to some as well as announce the beginning of its QE type programme though it is distinct from the QE that the Fed undertakes?
A: That was a massive announcement of very positive surprise. I would say a major boost to risk sentiment and fantastic for emerging markets. Probably stronger impact for fixed income, for the local bonds than for the currencies themselves but overall I am very pleased with the powerful signal we heard from the ECB.
Menaka: Do you expect and many people suspected that a lot of what the Fed did is QE, simply helped inflate asset values and a lot of money has also come into emerging markets such as India. Will what the ECB is attempting to do in terms of buying private asset backed securities amount to having a similar impact in terms of global liquidity flows and interest in emerging markets?
A: It will also trickle down to emerging markets to the extent that it raises global liquidity expectations. So, in a similar way to what happened with the Fed that will boost appetite for risky assets for sure and that will trickle down to various emerging market countries including Asia.
RELATED NEWS

UConn Coach Says He s Accused Of Improper Phone Call To Mo ne DavisLittle League pitcher Mo'ne Davis throws out the ceremonial first pitch prior to a baseball game between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Washington Nationals, Tuesday, Sept. 2, 2014, in Los Angeles.
When is a phone call just a phone call?
A rival school allegedly ratted on Connecticut women's basketball coach Geno Auriemma because he dialed up Little League World Series phenom Mo'ne Davis to congratulate her. So says the coach, who told local paper The Hartford Courant that the unidentified rival reported the brief conversation to the American Athletic Conference as a possible recruiting violation.
The thorny part is that Davis, while only 13, has made public her desire to play basketball someday for UConn , which has won nine national championships under Auriemma, including last season. She was even spotted wearing a UConn hoodie at a recent WNBA game.
ESPN noted in the video above that the NCAA would likely not pursue the complaint because it defines a prospective student-athlete as someone who has begun the ninth grade. Davis just entered the eighth grade.
Auriemma explained in the Courant that the call was originally supposed to be a message relayed by Little League's press office, but when he called she was in the room and was handed the phone.
"I have no idea if the kid is very good, kind of good, not good at all or a superstar or can even reach the basket," Auriemma told The Courant. "How is that a violation?"
A UConn athletics rep declined comment.
h/t For The Win
More:

Over 70 killed in Pak rains  floods  military deployedPress Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: September 5, 2014 4:49 pm
On Friday Pakistan military was called to support the rescue operation after monsoon rain, flash floods and rain related accidents killed about 70 people, mostly in Punjab, in the last two days.
The downpour, being termed as one of the heaviest, started on Wednesday and is still continuing in parts of Punjab and Pakistan-occupied Kashmir.
Army has been deployed to help in evacuation of people who are caught in torrential rains by flash floods, Military spokesman Major General Asim Saleem Bjawa said in a statement.
“Army troops have been moved for flood relief duties in Sialkot, Narowal, Head Marala, Wazirabad and Jalalpur Jattan.
Troops will remain standby at Shahdara, Lahore,” Bjawa said.
Rescue official said that all the deaths occurred in Punjab and PoK, the worst affected areas by rain.
The deaths were caused by collapsing of roofs, electrocution and drowning.
Muhammad Hanif, an official from Metrological Department said that some cities received heaviest rain in 30 years.
A number of cities received over 130mm of rain. The system is likely to persist for another 48 hours.
About 16 people, including three women, were killed in Lahore as rain levelled houses in different areas of the city.
Five people were killed in Faisalabad, six in Gujranwala, five in Sialkot, four in Kasur, three in Khanewal, two in Okara and one in Sheikhupura when roofs of their houses collapsed. The deaths in Kasur were caused by electrocution.
In PoK, three soldiers and seven civilians were killed in landslides and flash floods which ravaged the mountainous region.
Several vehicles were washed away in the torrent. Rain in Lahore started on Wednesday afternoon and continued uninterrupted till yesterday. It inundated the entire city.
A peak of 467,000 cusecs passed through the Head Marala on the Chenab river in the night. The water level in the river is expected to rise further over the next 24 hours, threatening low-lying areas of Sialkot and Gujranwala regions, they said.
There are also chances of spillovers or breaches at vulnerable places and high to very high flood in nullahs of the Ravi and Chenab rivers in the Sialkot region, they said.

Tesla Could Get A $1.3 Billion Tax Break Deal To Move To NevadaNevada Offers Tesla Up To $1.3 Billion To Bring Plant To State
 | By                                                                SCOTT SONNER and JUSTIN PRITCHARD
Posted:
Updated:
09/05/2014  1:59 am EDT
Elon Musk, co-founder and CEO of American electric vehicle manufacturer Tesla Motors, poses with a Tesla during a visit to Amsterdam on January 31, 2014. The European Tesla Service is based in Tilburg and the European headquarters is in Amsterdam. AFP PHOTO / ANP/ JERRY LAMPEN --NETHERLANDS OUT--        (Photo credit should read JERRY LAMPEN/AFP/Getty Images) | JERRY LAMPEN via Getty Images
reddit
CARSON CITY, Nev. (AP) — Gov. Brian Sandoval announced Thursday that Nevada won a high-stakes battle with four other states for Tesla Motors' coveted battery factory, but the win comes with a hefty price tag — up to $1.3 billion in tax breaks and other incentives over 20 years that state lawmakers still must approve.
Sandoval revealed terms of the deal he negotiated with the electric car maker at a ceremony on the Capitol steps attended by Elon Musk, CEO of California-based Tesla. Musk confirmed the search was over for a home for his $5 billion lithium battery "gigafatory," which the company hopes will bring it closer to mass production of a more affordable electric car.
The Republican governor called it a "monumental announcement that will change Nevada forever" and asserted that it would create more than 22,000 jobs and pump $100 billion into the state's economy over the next 20 years — claims that critics said were exaggerated. Sandoval didn't mention the total value of the incentive package in his remarks but nonetheless anticipated potential criticism for the size of the package.
"Even the most skeptical economist would conclude that this is a strong return (on investment) for us," he said about the deal that already has drawn outside criticism from both the political left and the right that the tax breaks are too generous. So far, it has not encountered significant opposition from state lawmakers who must approve the incentives.
Musk told the audience that Nevada didn't offer the biggest incentive package among the five states that tried to lure the factory, though he didn't specify which did among California, Texas, Arizona, New Mexico and Nevada.
The most important considerations were not incentives, he said, but rather a high confidence that the factory will be ready by 2017, followed by assurances that batteries can be produced cost efficiently.
"It's a real get-things-done state," Musk said in explaining how Nevada prevailed in what was a "relatively close" competition.
Musk, who arrived from London just before the ceremony, briefly bungled the pronunciation of "Nevada." But he recovered and twice received standing ovations from more than 200 dignitaries.
Later, Musk told reporters that Tesla would stop looking for another state as a backup. "Nevada is it," he said.
The governor will call a special session of the Legislature as early as next week to seek approval of the incentives. Legislative leaders have reacted largely favorably at first blush.
House Speaker Marilyn Kirkpatrick, D-Las Vegas, said it represents "a significant opportunity to make a major stride to boost the economy" in a state that led the nation in unemployment during the depths of the Great Recession.
"I look forward to receiving the necessary information so the Legislature can meet and take necessary action to support this major industry coming to Nevada," she said in a joint statement with Sandoval and Musk that the governor's office issued Thursday.
Tesla's choice for the facility gets it closer to mass producing an electric car that costs around $35,000 and can go 200 miles on a single charge. That range is critical because it lets people take most daily trips without recharging, a major barrier to the widespread adoption of electric vehicles.
The factory would bring down the cost of batteries by producing them on a huge scale. The facility would be approximately 10 million square feet, equivalent to about 174 football fields, and be located at an industrial park about 15 miles east of Sparks, a Reno suburb founded as a railroad town more than a century ago.
The ultimate cost of the incentive package to Nevada taxpayers depends on how much economic activity the factory generates. On the low end, it could be worth $865 million, according to Steve Hill, executive director of Sandoval's Office of Economic Development.
Hill projected the factory would generate roughly $5 billion a year for 20 years for Nevada's economy and directly or indirectly create 22,000 new jobs over two decades. That includes an estimated 6,500 permanent jobs at the factory with hourly wages above $25 and a peak of 3,000 construction jobs leading up to the opening of the plant in 2017.
He also that even with the tax breaks, the project should generate approximately $1.9 billion in tax revenue for all levels of government — state, local and school districts.
The largest subsidy for an auto-related plant was $1.3 billion that Chrysler received in 2010 to build an assembly plant in Michigan, according to the research group Good Jobs First, which tracks large incentive packages by states.
The group's executive director, Greg LeRoy, said Sandoval's projections of job creation and return on investment for the Tesla factory were implausibly rosy.
The governor said that every $1 Nevada invests in the effort will bring $80 back to the economy. LeRoy called that assertion "off the charts false." What he described as the proper calculation of tax breaks to tax revenues would put the return on investment at $2 or less for every $1 invested.
LeRoy also said the factory would create no more than about 10,000 permanent, non-construction jobs outside the factory, bringing the total to 19,500 — not the 22,000 that Sandoval's administration claimed.
More:

Competent  willing teachers are the need of the hour  says PranabNEW DELHI, September 5, 2014
Updated: September 5, 2014 18:39 IST
Competent, willing teachers are the need of the hour, says Pranab
Special Correspondent
Tweet
The Hindu Renu Laroiya from Delhi receiving National Award to Teachers from President Pranab Mukherjee,in New Delhi on Friday. Photo: Sandeep Saxena
The Hindu N.Sampangi, a teacher from Tamil Nadu receiving National Award to Teachers from President Pranab Mukherjee,in New Delhi on Friday. Photo: Sandeep Saxena.
TOPICS
teachers
A robust and quality-oriented education system is the force multiplier that shall transform India into one of the leading nations of the world, said President Pranab Mukherjee on the occasion of Teachers’ Day on Friday.
He said teachers influence the life of students by being their role models and motivate students throughout their academic life and, many a times, even beyond, but India today needs many more competent and willing teachers to dedicate themselves to improving the standard and quality of education being currently imparted.
“A teacher ideally is one who facilitates his students in realising and maximising their potential. In recognition of this stellar role, teachers have since time immemorial been accorded a special place in our society. They have been called Acharyas in our ancient texts since they transmit the norms of acceptable conduct to our future generations. It is important that they impart not only knowledge and learning but also our traditional values which form the bedrock of our civilization dating several millennia,” he said at a function to give away National Awards to 357 teachers from across the country.
The world faces challenges of violence, terrorism, intolerance and environmental degradation the President said, adding that the values of truth, tolerance, integrity, secularism and inclusiveness need to be imparted to the children to make the world a “safer and better” place to live in.
Acknowledging that the teachers work under diverse contexts and conditions, Mr. Mukherjee said the working conditions of teachers in many places are sub-optimal, however, over time there have been substantial improvements in salary scales and in the construction of proper school buildings with toilets and drinking water. “As teachers you devote countless hours of selfless service to the nation in nurturing our most valued resource – our children. Society and the country have high expectations from you. I am sure you will live up to these expectations in ample measure,” he said.
Earlier, in a message on the occasion of Teachers’ Day, he said teachers must be friends, philosophers and guiding lights to their students. He also exhorted society at large and in particular, students to show utmost respect and devotion to teachers.

Hamilton quickest at first Italian GP practiceUpdated: September 5, 2014 15:14 IST
Hamilton quickest at first Italian GP practice
DPA
AP Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain shakes hands with mechanics in the pit during the first free practice at the Monza racetrack, in Monza on Friday.
TOPICS
Formula One
Lewis Hamilton showed no signs of carrying over frustration from his disappointing Belgian Grand Prix by topping the timesheets from Jenson Button at Friday’s first practice for the Italian Grand Prix.
Mercedes driver Hamilton set the fastest lap time of 1 minute 26.187 seconds around the 5.793-kilometre Monza track, with his former team-mate Button 0.623 seconds behind in a McLaren.
Drivers’ championship leader Nico Rosberg was third, guiding his Mercedes round 0.808 seconds off the pace set by Hamilton.
Red Bull’s Daniel Ricciardo, the only driver outwith the Mercedes pair to win races this season, had a low-key session to finish 16th.
Former world champions Fernando Alonso (Ferrari) and Sebastian Vettel (Red Bull) were fourth and sixth respectively, either side of Kevin Magnussen (McLaren).
Second practice takes place later on Friday before final practice and qualifying on Saturday, and the race on Sunday.

Blackbuck case: Law is equal for all  can t grant any urgent relief  SC tells Salman KhanPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 6:05 pm
The Supreme Court on Friday was critical of the relief granted to Bollywood star Salman Khan by the Rajasthan High Court staying his conviction in the 1998 black buck poaching case.
“You may have good case for suspension of sentence but not for conviction,” the bench comprising by Justice S J Mukhopadhaya and P C Pant observed.
“Let equal law apply to everyone. There should be no discrimination vis-a-vis convicts,” the bench further said.
It clarified that conviction stayed means that the hearing involves re-appreciation of the evidence.
The remarks were made during the hearing of the petition filed by Rajasthan government challenging the stay granted by the High Court on his conviction in the case.
The bench posted the matter for final hearing on October 28.
The observations assumes importance as the “Dabangg” star in his affidavit filed on August 27 has told the apex court that he has always been treated as an ordinary citizen by courts and never been given any special privilege.
He has sought to justify the Rajasthan High Court order staying his conviction in the black buck hunting case and dismissal of appeal filed by state government against the decision.
Khan has submitted that he has been one of the highest tax payers and the high court stayed his conviction to enable him to go abroad for his professional engagement which brings in foreign exchange in the country.
The 48-year-old actor had opposed the stand taken by Rajasthan government which had submitted that the high court had granted special privileges to him by staying his conviction in which he was sentenced by a trial court to undergo five-year jail term.
On July 9, the apex court had issued notice to Khan on a plea by Rajasthan government challenging the high court decision.
The state government had approached the apex court against the Rajasthan High Court order of November 12 last year, staying his 2006 conviction in the case and paving way for him to apply for a British visa.

Lexus s 4 Series beaterLexus RC, a special envoy to Bavaria
Jonathan Schultz
About the author
Deputy editor of BBC Autos, Jonathan was formerly the editor of The New York Times' Wheels blog. His automotive writing has appeared in The New York Times, The Los Angeles Times Magazine, Details, Surface, Intersection and Design Observer. He has an affinity for the Citroën DS and Toyota pickup trucks of the early 1990s.
2015 Lexus RC 350 F Sport
(Toyota Motor Sales)
2015 Lexus RC 350 F Sport
(Toyota Motor Sales)
2015 Lexus RC 350 F Sport
(Toyota Motor Sales)
2015 Lexus RC 350 F Sport
(Toyota Motor Sales)
2015 Lexus RC 350 F Sport
(Toyota Motor Sales)
2015 Lexus RC 350 F Sport
(Toyota Motor Sales)
2015 Lexus RC 350 F Sport
(Toyota Motor Sales)
How close is the BMW 4 Series to the Concept 4?
HIDE CAPTION
Dominance is draining. For the hare, the tortoise, the spectators, the analysts charged with generating suspense when the meeting’s outcome is all but assured – it is a tedious business. Yet in the run-up to the decisive encounter, dreams of toppled giants run rampant.
Related
A rip-snorting Lexus?
This has forever been Lexus’s sweet spot, and also its burden: to send guileless contenders forth from Nagoya, Japan, to upend their haughty German rivals. Victories – a faster lap time here, a stronger financial quarter there, higher residual values almost everywhere – are on the books, but people don’t follow the fight for the TKOs; they want a knockout.
It would appear the 2015 Lexus RC came ready to rumble. Built in part to demonstrate that the Lexus LFA – a $400,000 carbon-fibre scythe judged “perfect” by Top Gear’s Jeremy Clarkson – was no mere science project, the coupe is the clearest indication yet that Toyota’s luxury subsidiary is out for blood. Bavarian blood, specifically. 
Indeed, BMW is never far from an RC driver’s mind or a Lexus product representative’s mouth. The desire to dominate the 4 Series , BMW’s mid-range coupe, seizes the RC so forcefully at times that it succumbs to it. Vaulting ambition makes for high entertainment, though, and the RC can be an engrossing performer.
Lexus begins with strong bones. The RC is built on a chassis that borrows heavily from the GS mid-size and IS compact sedans, each of which have benefited from infusions of high-strength, flex-resistant steel. Though RC shoppers will encounter no fewer than four trim levels, Lexus is crowing loudest about the coupe’s performance variants: the RC 350 F Sport and RC F.
The brand introduced this twosome to global media in New York’s rolling Catskills, where the Monticello Motor Club maintains 4.1 miles of pristine private track amid the birches and pines. Given Lexus’s ambitions, it was a brash piece of location scouting.
Brashness, in fact, is written all over the coupe. Lexus is known (some might say reviled) for conservative styling – a legacy it is trying to shake . But it is a halting evolution. The brand’s new familial “spindle grille” can sometimes read like a flamboyant signature on an otherwise blank canvas. The RC, however, wears the grille like a manga warrior’s facemask, an integral piece of armour. Around it, LEDs and character lines cut and dart across the sheet metal, leaving deep gashes, bulges and creases in their wake. For all the surface drama, the fundamental shape may seem familiar. Is that a hint of BMW 6 Series in the profile? Perhaps a touch of Infiniti Q60? Or maybe Honda Accord Coupe? Yes, yes and yes.
Not to suggest there’s no soul beneath the RC’s skin, but drivers in thrall to the 4 Series’ unadorned, sculpted cool may be unmoved by this competing vision.
The route to Monticello was covered in the range-topping, 467-horsepower RC F. This is the bludgeon of the pair, packing a 5-litre V8 engine that conveys nearly 4,000lbs of sport-luxury tackle down the road. Though all RC Fs are driven by their rear wheels, buyers can sharpen handling by ordering a torque-vectoring differential – part of a $5,500 performance package that also contains a carbon fibre roof and rear wing. Depending on traction and tire load, the system modulates power to the rear wheels, which helps the car dispatch curves more neatly at speed. Such sophistication is imperceptible anywhere other than a track, and even there the standard Torsen limited-slip setup delivers comparable benefits at no additional cost. Know thyself.
Like all mid-level sport-luxury coupes, the RC 350 F Sport and RC F feature multiple driving profiles that alter the cars’ temperament at the twist of a dial. On the wooded parkways east of Monticello, only the sharpest setting, Sport+, summoned the kind of instantaneous thrust expected from a naturally aspirated V8. But the RC F’s engine lag is, paradoxically, by design. Not unlike V8s that can run on four cylinders under light load, the RC F’s unit spins on an Atkinson cycle at cruising speeds – an inheritance from Toyota’s hybrid products. Lexus claims the coupe returns 25mpg on the highway. To rouse the big V8 from its Atkinson-induced stupor, simply apply a heavy right foot.
The engine, mind, is a monster, conveying Corvette-calibre grunts and growls into the cabin. And it has an eager partner in Lexus’s new eight-speed automatic transmission – again, presuming the driver is in Sport+. Otherwise, paddle-pulled shifts register later than drivers of 467hp coupes may have patience for. And given the drum-tight ride that attends Sport+ drives, the paddles may be best reserved for a track day. Such compromises are not asked by the RC F’s Bavarian foil, the M4 – let alone by a BMW 435i coupe fitted with the M Sport package, costing some $10,000 less than an RC F.
Lexus regains its balance in the cabin. Both RC F and RC 350 F Sport have wondrously supportive, gorgeously stitched seats, a direct inheritance of the LFA. The central digital gauges relay such esoterica as yaw and G-force, but the tachometer and inset analogue speedometer remain reassuringly prominent behind their bezels. Excellent seats and legroom continue to the back, though rear passengers above 5ft 4in will find their heads bumping against the liner.
First on the track is the RC 350 F Sport, whose 3.5-litre, 306hp V6 carries over from the IS 350 sedan. Lexus touts the F Sport’s rear-wheel-steer assist, but the benefit is difficult to glean even at the limit. Speaking of limits, those of the RC 350 F Sport’s brakes are exceeded after a couple laps, though the engine remains eager. A bit of brake softness can be tolerated; the track is not the F Sport’s natural arena anyway.
Not so the RC F. At Monticello, the big coupe bounds round bends like a Rottweiler after a squirrel, tongue lolling out of its massive skull. Set to Sport+, the car feels stronger and more sure-footed than on the street, lunging towards its 7,300rpm redline while a driver luxuriates in utter comfort. (Attack dog or no, this is still a Lexus.)
The RC F illuminates a hard truth for carmakers who fixate resolutely on a segment. An M4 buyer may never be swayed by the RC F, but that is no knock against Lexus. With some imagination, though, a 467hp heavyweight that coddles its driver could cause night sweats for the Nissan GT-R – a car whose price has ballooned from the RC F’s $65,000-$75,000 range to over $100,000. Wizened boy racers who watched their dream car skip orbit might now flock to a softer, more luxurious, but still deeply contrarian and howlingly quick coupe – one that throws child-seat anchors in at no charge.
Such potential may not even register with Lexus. More likely, the brand will content itself with whatever pyrrhic victories the RCs score over their German targets, never fully grasping what it means to win.
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .
Vital Stats
2015 Lexus RC 350 F Sport and RC F
Base price: $48,800 (F Sport); $63,325 (F)
As tested: $53,685; $73,225
EPA fuel economy: 19mpg city/28mpg highway; 16mpg city, 25mpg highway
Powertrain: 306hp 3.5-litre gasoline V6 engine; 467hp 5-litre gasoline V8 engine; eight-speed automatic transmission, rear-wheel drive
Standard equipment: Vehicle stability control, LED headlamps, Safety Connect automatic collision notification
Major options: Mark Levinson audio system, premium package, performance package
Advertising Feature

Jobs Numbers Weaker Than PredictedMorning Money Memo…
ABC News’ John Kapetaneas reports:
August jobs numbers fell below expectations as the economy added 142,000 new jobs last month, falling below the 200,000 projected. It is the first time in seven months that the U.S. economy has failed to add at least 200,000 jobs in a given month, and far below the 12-month average of 212,000. The unemployment rate fell slightly to 6.1 percent, while total long-term unemployed declined by 192,000.
BP Troubles
BP soon might be ordered to pay out big fines. Four years after the Deepwater Horizon tragedy that claimed 11 lives and sent millions of barrels of oil into the Gulf of Mexico, a federal judge Thursday determined the company was “grossly negligent” and primarily responsible for the spill. The ruling opened the oil giant up to an estimated $18 billion in new penalties after the company has already spent roughly $28 billion on damages and cleanup costs. BP’s stock fell 6 percent Thursday.
Markets Fall
Worldwide markets were lower this morning going into the final trading day of the week. European markets were lower despite Thursday’s strong rally spurned on by the ECB’s surprising interest rate cut. U.S. futures were down slightly as of 9 a.m. after finishing the day marginally lower Thursday.
Apple Boosts Security
Apple is fighting back against potential future hackers. Just days before the company’s highly anticipated, rumor-laden media event on Sept. 9, the company has announced measures to fortify users’ passwords and minimize any potential breaches. CEO Tim Cook told the Wall Street Journal that additional steps, including email and push notifications, will be implemented whenever someone attempts to change a user’s account settings. The company also attributed the “Celebgate” breach to a phishing scam, maintaining that Apple servers were not compromised. Apple stock was down 4 percent in the last week.
Jeans Sag
Are your jeans falling out of favor? U.S. jeans sales have fallen 6 percent in the last year as yoga pants and leggings take a more prominent place in the American consumer’s closet. The 141-year-old denim jean long has been a staple in American wardrobes, seeing increased popularity in the ’50s and ’60s, but have also has seen declining sales in past decades amid other materials and styles, including corduroys and khakis. Some jean-makers have attempted to keep up with the increasing trend of athletic wear, marketing new brands of stretchy jeans meant to mimic the popular yoga-pants style.
 

Beyond The Revolving Door: New Pathways To Veteran Successreddit
Though many are unaware, the United States military is a unique incubator of a special brand of leader, one who has learned to operate and thrive in complex, dynamic and inherently risky environments. Our society has paid billions of dollars preparing these leaders to succeed in combat, but we've yet to realize, encourage or employ the incidental benefits of their training when they leave the service.  When military service ends for these individuals, what should society expect of them, and most importantly, where should these leaders look to apply their skills and talents?
In many cases, Veterans start by taking a spin through the revolving door and end up in government consulting cubicles. This is the right answer for some, but all too often, veterans settle for the first offer. They leave service and allow themselves to be slotted in positions that don't make the best use of their unique talents. There's no shame in that; it's often the clearest path they can see based on the transition system we have in place today. Society settles, too. We wring our hands over what to "do" with the thousands of Vets looking for work, but then create job training and placement programs that ultimately under utilize their talents. Veterans and society both would benefit from a greater understanding of these special talents and skills.
There is a another pathway to success for Veterans, one which they are perfectly suited for: entrepreneurship. Starting a company means experiencing situations they are all-too familiar with: complex and challenging environments, building teams, completing tasks despite inadequate resources, mitigating exceptional risks and no one to provide much sympathy if things don't work out. Entrepreneurship challenges Veteran leaders in familiar ways, leading teams that look to them for key decisions, reassurance and an example to follow. The constant, unsentimental self-evaluation so central to military leadership proves extremely valuable when a new business has its fair share of setbacks.
While there's a great deal of -- rightful, justified -- concern for post-traumatic stress, there is a lessor told story of the "post-traumatic growth" that occurs for most, and which sets Veterans apart for the entrepreneurial track. It's time we paid attention to this flip side: the positive transformation from military service and the effect on those who volunteer to serve.
Out of the challenges and occasional trauma of a military career, Veterans grow in confidence, resourcefulness and leadership abilities, developing a broader perspective that looks beyond the trivial. To become entrepreneurs, Veterans must hustle. They must network and leverage those networks to build capital and interest and momentum. They are "Army Strong," no doubt, but many Vets forget that much of their strength in battle came from the support of their team. No one can do it alone.
Likewise, society must understand that we cannot throw together a few small business loan programs and and step back: "Thanks for your Service" is just not enough. Investment is surely and sorely needed, but it's going to take time and thought to get right. Would-be entrepreneurial Vets need real capital and serious access to networks that will help them build something. It's no secret why so many successful Silicon Valley startups are born at Stanford: it's a strong, interlinked community that couples rigorous training with a social network second to none, and bears more than a passing resemblance to the military communities that our Veterans come out of. Yet, we and they often fail to harness these facts in building Veteran pathways to success.
Doing things differently is always hard. I built RideScout with three fellow Veterans and we collectively count over 20 years in the U.S. Army each, a fact that has directly led to the acquisition of the company. We spent a grinding two and a half years building the company up from nothing and, unlike 95 percent of startups, we can now consider RideScout a success. This week we joined the Daimler family when car2go purchased the rights to RideScout and together we're building an intermodal mobility platform that will help millions of Americans better use existing transportation resources. We realize that we're stronger together and I'm excited to continue RideScout's amazing growth.
I'm not sugarcoating what it means it be an entrepreneur: Vets need to know that it's back-breakingly hard, and they'll need to draw on their reserves to get the job done. As Veterans like us set out on entrepreneurial journeys, our families will continue to sacrifice our time spent at home, as they have made sacrifices before.  But the U.S. Military -- and society -- has made an investment in our leadership training, and, for this and so many other reasons, we must answer the call to serve our community. Only, this time we wear a different uniform. After all, we've spent years protecting the American Dream of free enterprise. Now it's our time to share in it.
More:

I Heard It Through the Grapevine: Motown s Prospects Are Looking Upreddit
  
However improbable it might have seemed twenty, five, or even two years ago, Detroit could well be on the verge of a major turnaround that could make it one of the biggest success stories in urban America over the next decade.  Yes, that goes against conventional wisdom:  The standard narrative for Detroit has been about a bankrupt, vacant, decaying, post-industrial wasteland; an environmental, social and economic disaster.  Detroit has been the quintessential “shrinking city,” the poster child for everything that has gone wrong with the post-industrial Midwest.
(I never did buy the “shrinking” part, by the way.  What really happened was a hollowing out, as central-city residents fled for the suburbs .  The population of metropolitan Detroit has actually been close to stable over the past few decades due to suburban growth offsetting inner city losses.  But there has been a lot of truth to the rest of the story.)
Note that I said that Detroit could turn out to be a big success story, not that it necessarily will.  But why do I think Detroit’s future may be brighter than conventional wisdom suggests?  In part, because of my friend Tina.  We had lunch a few weeks ago, and Tina was full of enthusiasm for Detroit.  She’s been spending more and more time there, and can’t wait to move there for real to take advantage of all the positive energy she finds in the Motor City.  Entrepreneurs, creative types, revitalizing neighborhoods; a plethora of activity and possibility.  She was bubbling over with excitement.
I took note, because Tina is the kind of person you want to be excited about your city.  She’s bright, accomplished, with-it, super-attractive, enthusiastic, hard-working, insightful and, above all, fun to be around.  She’s had a stellar, decades-long career at the intersection of environmental protection and placemaking, and I could not think more highly of her.  Tina isn’t the kind of person to go all ga-ga over a loser.
  
Tina inspired me to pay a bit more attention, and I like what I’ve discovered.  Population in the central city actually increased from 2012 to 2013 , for example, according to the Southeastern Michigan Council of Governments.  This is a big deal for Detroit, whose population had been on an unbroken, precipitous decline from the 1950s through 2010.  Housing prices are up this year, too, and many crime-rate indicators are trending down .
Vacant buildings come to life
That’s all good news, of course, but perhaps even more telling is that the downtown business climate appears to be showing new signs of life.  Louis Aguilar wrote last month in The Detroit News that commercial vacancies are declining sharply:  as recently as 2009, there were 48 large (five stories or taller) empty buildings downtown.  (Wow.)  But, today, the number is down to 13.  Eleven of the once-empty 48 are now occupied, and another 20 are being renovated or have been bought with plans for redevelopment.  (Four have been demolished.)
Aguilar understandably urges caution with respect to drawing major conclusions from the positive trend, but there’s little doubt that at least something is going on:
“’We’ve made significant progress, but we are just getting started,’ said Jim Ketai, CEO and co-founder of Bedrock Real Estate Services.  Five years ago, Quicken Loans Inc. founder Dan Gilbert and Bedrock Real Estate Services didn’t control an inch of downtown property.
“Now they own more than 60 properties, totaling more than 9 million square feet. Bedrock alone has renovated four of the once-empty buildings and is doing major fix-ups to another five.”
  
No one predicted such a quick turnaround, writes Aguilar.  He continues:
“The trend goes much further than Gilbert’s Bedrock. Many small investors are involved. So are longtime Detroit corporations such as General Motors, Blue Cross/Blue Shield and DTE Energy. The latter companies may have not filled empty buildings, but they boosted their investments and in some cases relocated staff downtown.
“Some of the still-empty buildings are on the verge of new life, such as the $82.5 million renovation of the stately David Whitney Building into a boutique hotel and high-end rental apartments, which are two red-hot sectors downtown.”
The vacancy rate in downtown Detroit’s most prized office buildings fell to 11.5 percent last year from 26 percent three years ago, according to a report by Jones Lang LaSalle, a commercial real estate company.
Investment in revitalization
Speaking of investment, The Washington Post’s Jim Tankersley reports that financial giant JP Morgan is investing $100 million to assist the revitalization of Detroit’s near-downtown neighborhoods.  Of the total, half will go to a pair of community lending groups to support the redevelopment of a ring of neighborhoods “teetering between knock-it-down blight and move-here-now nice.”  The rest will be split among renovation of abandoned homes, jobs training, and investment in small businesses and city infrastructure (including assistance to a streetcar). 
  
The idea is “to bend [the city’s] path toward greatness,” writes Tankersley.  He elaborates on Detroit’s potential:
“Its metropolitan area remains the nation’s 14th-largest economy, a bona fide major-league town, albeit one where you can buy a family-size house for $10,000 or less. The downtown is clean and vibrant and draws a young, hip crowd. You can think of Detroit as being like a besieged medieval city, where the knights have abandoned the outer walls and holed up in the central castle tower. Now they hope to win back the courtyards.”
If successful, JP Morgan’s cash could have a substantial multiplier effect, going to community investment groups who can then recruit hedge funds, banks, and other sources of money to join in the groups’ projects.  Investment breeds more investment.  Tankersley reports that JP Morgan has roots in Detroit going back 80 years, employing 3,600 people in Michigan across 300 branches.
At the same time, bank official Aaron Seybert stresses that the money is not a gift.  “We’re not a foundation here,” Seybert told Tankersley.  “I feel very strongly about this. Community development needs to be sustainable, and we expect a return on our investment.”
While at least one writer has sharply criticized JP Morgan’s involvement in Detroit, calling it a “sinister ploy” whose real goal is the private control of now-public assets, I personally have a hard time seeing it as anywhere near a net negative.  I doubt the community groups and their clients who will benefit from the investment will give a rat’s behind what the bank’s motivation is.  This is going to be a boost to a rebounding city.
Creative energy
All this doesn’t come close to capturing the breadth of what’s going on.  One could probably write an entire book about Detroit’s newfound potential, and I suspect someone has.  I’m not going to try to do that here. 
But I would be remiss if I didn’t at least mention a couple of additional articles I have come across highlighting some of the city’s exciting artistic endeavors, which in many cases are explicitly linked with its revitalization.  I’ve written before, for example, about the amazing, ever-changing Heidelberg Project , in which gifted folk artist Tyree Guyton employs found objects and his neighborhood itself to make powerful, colorful sculpture (see image below).
  
Anna Clark, writing in the Detroit blog Model D , believes that artists such as Guyton typify the unique relationship that Motor City artists have with the city’s community and its everyday activities:
“In Detroit, art isn’t just something to look at. Neither is it something to consume. Rather, it is an active part of civic life, cultivating community resilience by connecting people and places across the city’s 139 square miles. In a city where municipal bankruptcy and deindustrialization has shredded both the public and private sectors, artists and organizations have an unusually large impact—they are literally changing the landscape . . .
“The collective creative impact broadens residents’ sense of what is possible for the city, tells the city’s story to others around the world, and facilitates imaginative re-thinking about what citizens have to contribute to the place they call home.”
I highly recommend Clark’s article, which is rich with detail, including with respect to the significant role of philanthropy in supporting the city’s renaissance generally and its creative culture in particular.
Immigrants are playing a part, too.  Also writing in Model D , Walter Wasacz describes a bevy of homegrown, arts-based placemaking that is helping revitalize an area of the city informally known as Banglatown, along Detroit’s border with Hamtramck, a small, independent city-within-a-city that Detroit completely surrounds:
“A sweeping, largely organic revitalization of Conant [Street] began with Bangladeshi businesses (some of them, like Amar Pizza, have received national media attention). In 2008, a roughly one-mile stretch of Conant from Davison south to Caniff in Hamtramck was given an honorary designation as Bangladesh Avenue. The strip is lively day and night, filled with green grocers, halal butchers, restaurants, and clothing shops. The air on its side streets fills daily with the aromas of curries and other spices.
“The origins of Banglatown are here, but so too are the origins of a growing creative community that blends intentional art and design strategies with organic immigrant residential and commercial redevelopment.”
  
Nearby, for further example, are a number of properties-slash-art-installations that artist Mitch Cope and architect Gina Reichert (collaborating as Design99 ) have dubbed the Yellow House, the Jar House, the Squash House, the Sound House, the Play House, and the Power House, the one that started them off on placemaking.  The Power House is a former abandoned property now turned into a colorful artistic statement, generating its own electricity through solar collection and illuminated at night by a garden of solar-powered ground lights.  These projects are designed to bring greater visibility and identity to the area, and to attract the attention of residents and others to the art and process of neighborhood-building.
It seems to be working, as former vacant properties are finding new life.  Wasacz continues:
“Nearly six years after [the Power House] launched, a walk through the neighborhood reveals houses being upgraded and landscaping and gardens returning. Families are living there. Children are riding bikes and playing on the sidewalks and in the yards.”
Speaking of bikes, Detroit also sports a rapidly developing system of bicycling infrastructure, both on its uncongested city street network and on an extensive system of linked greenways conceived and being constructed under the leadership of the Community Foundation for Southeast Michigan.  On the streets, the city created 80 miles of new striped bike lanes in 2013 alone, nearly doubling the size of the total marked network, according to Jake Lynch in Rails to Trails magazine.
Yes, all this is somewhat anecdotal, a puzzle being solved at best one piece at a time rather than with a grand solution.  Detroit remains a once-proud city whose reality is that it was abandoned by three-fifths of its peak population.  By any measure, it has a long, long way to go.  But I’ve only scratched the surface of a few projects, and I can’t help but be impressed by all the positive activity.  I see hope, and I think my friend Tina may be on to something.
Move your cursor over the images for credit information.
Kaid Benfield writes about community, development, and the environment on Huffington Post and in other national media.  Kaid’s new book, People Habitat: 25 Ways to Think About Greener, Healthier Cities , is distributed by Island Press and available from booksellers nationwide .
Related posts:

Motorola unveils new Moto G  Moto X and Moto 360 smartwatch in India on FlipKartApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

PM Narendra Modi to review progress of Aadhaar tomorrowPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 7:01 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has called a meeting on Saturday to take stock of progress in Aadhaar project, which the new government will use as a tool for its various welfare schemes including the Jan Dhan Yojana.
“Prime Minister has called a meeting of top officials to review the Aadhaar project. He wants to have a re-look at the progress of the project, particularly in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar where other schemes are facing difficulties due to low Aadhaar enrolments,” sources said.
At present, 66.99 crore Aadhaar numbers have been issued. In Uttar Pradesh, about 4.62 crore Aadhaar numbers have been issued against a population of 19.95 crore.
In Bihar, around 1.41 crore Aadhaar numbers have been issued against a population of about 10.38 crore.
The meeting will be attended by Communications and IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad among other Cabinet members, they added.
“Prime Minister wants the project to be completed as soon as possible so that it can be used for the various welfare initiatives and programmes of the government including the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana,” sources said.
Under Aadhar project, UIDAI issues unique identification number to residents and collects their biometric details. These days many service providers like banks are using Aadhar as KYC detail for opening new accounts.
The previous UPA government had entrusted UIDAI, which issues unique identification numbers to residents, to start enrolments in four more states — Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Chhattisgarh and Uttarakhand — in February 2014.
There are around 40 crore people in these four states, which were earlier covered under the National Population Register (NPR) project of the Home Ministry.
In the backdrop of slow progress by NPR in these states, the government is pushing for the Aadhaar enrolments in these four states and other parts of the country.
UIDAI was established in 2009 to generate and assign unique identity numbers for residents of India.

Two schoolgirls found hanging from same rope in AssamUpdated: September 5, 2014 19:23 IST
Two schoolgirls found hanging from same rope in Assam
IANS
PTI In this June 16, 2014 file photo, a CBI team inspects the tree where two sisters were found hanging in Badaun, Uttar Pradesh.
TOPICS
sexual assault & rape
Two schoolgirls were found hanging from the two ends of the same rope on a tree in Assam’s Karimganj district, a killing reminiscent of the Badaun gang-rape and murder in Uttar Pradesh.
Both the girls, one a Class 10 student and the other, a Class nine student of a school in Nilambazar area had been missing since Wednesday evening, police said on Friday.
The family members frantically looked for them, but failed to locate them. The next morning, a relative of one of the girls spotted the bodies hanging from a tree.
The tree is located barely two km from the India-Bangladesh border.
Locals suspect that the girls were first raped and then killed to cover up the crime. Police said the girls were hanged with two ends of a rope.
Karimganj Additional Superintendent of Police (HQ) Nabin Singh said that the bodies of the two girls have been sent for post mortem examination.
“A police team had gone to the area yesterday (Thursday) after being informed by the locals. We have recovered the bodies and sent those for postmortem and forensic test,” he said.
“We are waiting for the postmortem report ...which can only confirm the exact cause of death and if there are any rape angle,” said Singh.
In Uttar Pradesh’s Badaun district, two teenaged cousins were gang—raped and hanged from a tree in Katra Sadatganj village, a crime that grabbed global headlines.

Starbucks planning new store designs  including expressStarbucks planning new store designs, including express
Starbucks store formats
Starbucks is planning new store formats.
Starbucks is planning new store formats. (JOHANNES EISELE, AFPGetty Images)
By Jessica Wohl, Tribune staff reporter
Starbucks brewing up 1st express store for NYC
Starbucks plans 100+ stores highlighting Reserve coffees
Starbucks to open "coffee theatre" shop in Seattle
Starbucks Corp. on Friday said it has brewed up three new store formats, including an express store that the coffee giant plans to launch in New York early next year.
There was no early word on whether the Chicago area will soon see stores with the new formats. Starbucks is also planning at least 100 shops focused on its premium small-lot Reserve coffees. In December, it plans to open a Starbucks Reserve Roastery and Tasting Room in Seattle, its hometown.

Islamic State lures 4 in Andhra Pradesh  falls foul of Hyderabad PoliceApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Rapprochement Narendra Modi to spike Nawaz Sharif meetApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Poll shows Le Pen would beat Hollande© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6ecbb6c4-34d5-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BC cuts Foxtons stake as investors sellSeptember 5, 2014 2:44 pm
BC Partners cuts Foxtons stake as private equity groups sell up
By Anne-Sylvaine Chassany and Kate Allen in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dae2ba7c-34e6-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PM Modi to review progress of Aadhaar project tomorrowPM Modi to review progress of Aadhaar project on Sep 6
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 6, 2014  | 10:28 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has called a meeting on Saturday to take stock of progress in the Aadhaar project, which the new government will use as a tool for its various welfare schemes including the Jan Dhan Yojana .
" Prime Minister has called a meeting of top officials to review the Aadhaar project. He wants to have a re-look at the progress of the project, particularly in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar where other schemes are facing difficulties due to low Aadhaar enrolments," sources said.
At present, 66.99 crore Aadhaar numbers have been issued.
In Uttar Pradesh, about 4.62 crore Aadhaar numbers have been issued against a population of 19.95 crore. In Bihar, around 1.41 crore Aadhaar numbers have been issued against a population of about 10.38 crore.
The meeting will be attended by Communications and IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad among other Cabinet members, the sources added.
"Prime Minister wants the project to be completed as soon as possible so that it can be used for the various welfare initiatives and programmes of the government including the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana ," sources said.
Under Aadhar project, Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) issues unique identification number to residents and collects their biometric details.
These days many service providers like banks are using Aadhar as KYC detail for opening new accounts.
The previous UPA government had entrusted UIDAI, which issues unique identification numbers to residents, to start enrolments in four more states - Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Chhattisgarh and Uttarakhand - in February 2014.
There are around 40 crore people in these four states, which were earlier covered under the National Population Register (NPR) project of the Home Ministry.
In the backdrop of slow progress by NPR in these states, the government is pushing for the Aadhaar enrolments in these four states and other parts of the country.
UIDAI was established in 2009 to generate and assign unique identity numbers for residents of India.

Don t Fix Management; Replace Itreddit
When you were in college did your professor ever tell you where to read the homework assignment or what time to write the term paper? No, of course not. There were classes, sometimes, and there was an exam, but other than that, you were treated as a responsible adult able to make your own choices about where, when, and how to study.
Some of us took advantage of that freedom and blew off some of our classes or even entire courses. But most of us learned how to make the choices that gave us both a good time and a good education.
Then what happens when most people walk into a corporation? They're told, "Be in that seat at 8:30 and you can leave at 5:30, and in the meantime, be creative."
I believe that way of managing well-educated, creative knowledge workers accounts for the low level of employee engagement, the high level of employee turnover, and the increasing popularity of self-employment in the United States.
According to the Gallup organization, only about 30 percent of employees today are positively engaged. And the low or negative engagement of the other 70 percent is costing U.S. companies more than half a trillion dollars a year in lost productivity.
See " The State of the American Workplace ," May 2013 for the details.
An engaged employee is someone who is actively excited about the work he or she is doing and committed to helping the organization succeed; engaged employees are positive about the organization they work in, and they feel close to their co-workers.
Engagement is related to job satisfaction and motivation, but it is a more intense state of mind. People who are engaged with their work and their employer typically work harder, are more productive, and feel more accomplished than those who are neutral or actively disengaged.
Two additional statistics from the Gallup report are central to my belief that management is broken; 89 percent of employers think their employees leave their job because of inadequate pay; but only 12 percent of employees actually do leave for money. They are leaving for other reasons. And 75 percent of people who voluntarily leave don't quit their job, they quit their boss.
Most employees are unhappy at work, and it's time to face up to that reality. It's our collective responsibility to do something about it.
Low employee engagement is a serious problem that is costing the American economy billions of dollars in lost productivity, employee turnover, and medical costs. But problems create opportunities.
Consider an article by management guru Gary Hamel that appeared in the Harvard Business Review in December 2011. It was called simply " First, Let's Fire all the Managers. "
Hamel's solution to the low engagement challenge comes from his study of The Morning Star Company , the largest, most profitable, and fastest-growing tomato ingredient processing company in the United States. Morning Star has 600 full-time employees, 2,400 seasonal workers, and no managers. No managers!
Here's the way Morning Star works:  all its employees are based in teams or "circles." Each circle builds internal consensus about what commitments it should make to support the company's production goals. During that process the circle identifies what it needs from other circles to meet its own goals. And then the circles negotiate with each other to establish common goals, and make mutual commitments that will meet the company's overall requirements.
One remarkable aspect of this management system is that no one at Morning Star can single-handedly fire anyone. And any employee of the company, including those 2,400 seasonal workers, who sees the need for a new piece of capital equipment can order it. There's no set capital budget, and no limits on what any individual in the company can order; and remember, Morning Star is the fastest growing, most profitable, and largest tomato growing and processing company in the United States.
We all need to pay attention to examples like Morning Star. The science fiction writer William Gibson once said, "The future is already here; it just isn't equally distributed." In my humble opinion Morning Star is a real signal about what the future of work will look like.
And Morning Star is not alone. A surprising number of other highly successful organizations have adopted very nontraditional organizational practices.
Here are just a few more examples:
Eighteen years ago, Southeastern Mills , a fourth-generation highly successful food company headquartered in Rome, Georgia, threw out its thick policy manual.  The company now operates on the assumption that everyone who works there is an adult and does not need lots of "rules" to govern their behavior. Furthermore, everyone is salaried with paid time off for any reasonable and necessary absence (the same as management).  As adults, they are largely self-managing, and the few team leaders (supervisors) they have understand that their job is to support the team.
Menlo Innovations is a software company based in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Richard Sheridan, Menlo Innovation's CEO, recently wrote a book called Joy, Inc. He believes work should be fun. What a radical idea!
Zappos , the online shoe retailer, recently announced it is dropping all management titles. Zappos is adopting a practice called Holacracy ©, an approach that shifts responsibility for achievement from management to the workforce.
In a Holacracy© everyone, including the CEO, is beholden to a constitution that lays out principles and "rules" for making decisions, resolving conflicts, and dividing up responsibilities. The constitution governs the company, not the C-Suite. Holacracy© provides a structure for shared leadership with accountability built-in to the circles and roles that are based on task-relevant skills and knowledge; it operates much more like a democracy than a bureaucracy.
These examples, and others, have convinced me that it is incredibly important to begin thinking very differently about the way we manage people and organizations.
The industrial model of organization that we all know and grew up with (and most of us are still living in) was based on "Command and Control." During the industrial revolution managers were totally turned on and excited about the newly-invented steam engine, which was a very precise and efficient instrument that did the same thing over and over and over again.
The parts of those machines had to fit together exactly and operate reliably; and we designed bureaucratic organizations to do the same thing. The underlying assumption was that the best way to get work done was to divide it up into small, controllable tasks, separate those tasks, and train the workers to be specialists -- to be very good at doing one thing over and over. The job of the manager then was to coordinate all of those separate tasks, and to make sure people did what they were told to do.
That model may have been very appropriate for the industrial economy, and it is still important for some businesses. We do not want the head of a nuclear power plant or an automobile assembly line saying, "Just keep the plant running 24x7, and figure out for yourself how to do it." There are certainly many jobs and activities where standards and precision and minimizing errors are still very important goals.
But command and control is the wrong way to manage creative talent or produce innovative outcomes. We need a new kind of 21st-century leadership for what we (and others) are calling the age of networked intelligence.
It is becoming very clear that the management practices that worked so well in an era of mass production are totally inappropriate for this new era of mass creativity and collaboration.
You've heard the expression, "If it ain't broke, don't fix it." Well, when it is broke the important question is, "Should we fix it, or should we replace it?" We need to find leaders willing to replace the way they manage people, projects, and organizations.
Executive coach and author Marshall Goldsmith said it well: "What got you here won't get you there." It's well past time to rethink, redefine, and re-build the way we design and lead organizations.
James P. Ware, PhD, works with change leaders to design and implement compelling work experiences that foster high performance and employee engagement. He is a former Harvard Business School professor who has spent his entire career teaching clients how to invent their own futures. Jim is the founder and Executive Director of The Future of Work...unlimited, Global Research Director for Occupiers Journal Limited, and a Partner with the FutureWork Forum.
He is also a co-founder of the new Great Work Cultures movement. Jim is a co-author of four books on the digital economy; he currently serves as the elected president of the Corporate Real Estate Council of the International Facilities Management Association. He is also president-elect of the National Speakers Association Northern California chapter and a member of the World Future Society and the Association for Strategic Planning.
He holds PhD, M.A., and B.Sc. degrees from Cornell University and an MBA (With Distinction) from Harvard Business School. He lives and works in the San Francisco Bay Area. You can reach Jim at jim@thefutureofwork.net.
Follow Great Work Cultures on Twitter: www.twitter.com/GWCLeadLink
More:

With an eye on J&K polls  Home Min takes first steps to rehabilitate Kashmiri PanditsBS Reporter |  New Delhi Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 12:21 AM IST
With an eye on J&K polls, Home Min takes first steps to rehabilitate Kashmiri Pandits
Taks Force set up to expedite citizenship to Hindus persecuted in neighbouring countries
The BJP-led government on Friday took crucial steps to deliver on two of the promises the party had made in its Lok Sabha poll manifesto – rehabilitating Kashmiri Pandits to their ancestral lands and providing asylum to Hindus persecuted anywhere in the world. Resettling Pandits is likely to be an evocative issue in the coming Assembly polls in J&K at the end of the year.
Home minister Rajnath Singh on Friday wrote to Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah to “identify suitable land” for the rehabilitation of nearly three lakh Kashmiri Pandits who migrated from the Kashmir Valley in the early 1990s due to militancy.
The home minister suggested the land might be identified near the native places of these migrants. He advised that this should be done in such a manner there was adequate security in and around the area.
The BJP has launched ‘mission 44+’, to win 44-seats in the 87-member J&K assembly. It believes it could win most of the 37 seats in the Jammu region and four seats in the Ladakh region. Pre-militancy, there were at least eight of the 46-seats in the Valley where Kashmiri Pandits lived in substantial numbers to impact election outcomes. BJP strategists believe the party could have a chance in these seats as well if Kashmiri Pandits could vote in the forthcoming Assembly elections. These include Ganderbal, Tral (which also has a significant Sikh population), Sopore, Khanyar, Amirakaldal, Habbakadal, Anantnag and Kulgam. Elections in Kashmir witness abysmal turnouts, as low as 10 to 25 per cent, because of calls of boycott by separatist outfits.
There are about 60,452 registered Kashmiri migrant families who migrated from the Kashmir Valley. Of these, 38,119 are settled in Jammu, 19,338 in Delhi and 1,995 in other states. Political parties in Kashmir have welcomed the return of the Pandits but oppose creating separate colonies for them. The new government at the Centre has held a series of meetings between state and central officials.
The BJP had, in its manifesto, committed to “the return of Kashmiri Pandits to the land of their ancestors with full dignity, security and assured livelihood”. It had stated that the objective “will figure high on the BJP's agenda.” The government at the Centre consequently earmarked Rs 500 crore for this in the 2014-15 Union Budget.
It had also promised that its government would address “the long-pending problems and demands of refugees from Pakistan-Occupied Kashmir” and that “India shall remain a natural home for persecuted Hindus and they shall be welcome to seek refuge.” The BJP’s ideological parent, the Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh believes India to be the “natural and spiritual home” of Hindus and followers of other Dharmic/Indian religions - Buddhists, Jains and Sikhs.
On Friday, the home minister set up a task force to monitor and expedite the processing of citizenship and long term visa applications of (non-Muslim) minorities from neighbouring (Muslim majority) countries – Hindus and Sikhs from Afghanistan, Pakistan and Bangladesh.
According to a home ministry statement, the delay “causes hardships and difficulties to applicants, especially to minorities from neighbouring countries who are often of poor economic standing.”
The task force will start functioning in a fortnight’s time and will be headed by Joint Secretary (Foreigners).
It has been asked to process cases with complete documents within two months. The home ministry will coordinate with state governments about any pending cases there. “For many applicants, the grant of long term visa would have to be processed/considered first,” the home ministry said.
 Advertisements

Australian PM returns 11th century stolen idols to ModiPrint
Abbott returned the idols, one of which is a Nataraja --the dancing Shiva-- which belonged to the Chola dynasty of 11th-12th century. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 8:02 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 8:26 pm
On Friday Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott  handed over to his Indian counterpart Narendra Modi two antique statues of Hindu deities which were allegedly stolen from temples in Tamil Nadu before being bought by art galleries in Australia.
During his meeting with Modi, Abbott returned the idols, one of which is a Nataraja –the dancing Shiva– which belonged to the Chola dynasty of 11th-12th century.
The other sculpture is of Ardhanariswara, which represents Shiva in half-female form, and dates back to 10th century.
Both the statues were allegedly stolen from temples in Tamil Nadu and their return was sought by India in March.
Returning the sculptures is a testimony to Australia’s good citizenship on such matters and the importance with which Australia views its relationship with India, Abbott’s office said.
The Nataraja statue, cast in bronze, was purchased by the National Gallery of Australia (NGA) in February 2008 at a price of USD 5.1 million from art and antiquities dealer Subhash Kapoor who was then based in New York.
The Ardhanariswara statue was purchased by the Art Gallery of New South Wales in 2004 for approximately 300,000 Australian dollar (USD 280,979).
In 2012, Kapoor, owner of the “Art of the Past” gallery in New York, was arrested in Germany and subsequently extradited to India. He is accused of conspiracy to commit burglary and smuggling from Tamil Nadu antique idols of Hindu deities belonging to Chola dynasty.
The case is currently at the prosecution stage in Tamil Nadu and Australian authorities have been assisting in conducting investigation in the case in Australia.
In March, the Ministy of External Affairs had through India’s High Commission in Canberra made a formal proposal to the Australian Department of Attorney General by forwarding the request of the Tamil Nadu police for the return of the two idols.

Some good news  and some concerning news  for health insurance premiumsBy Jason Millman September 5 Follow @jasonmillman
For all of the dire warnings about health insurance premiums spiking in the coming year, the numbers this summer have been pretty ho-hum. Although no one's ever going to tell you that they're particularly happy about seeing their premiums go up, the overall landscape of rates in the individual market has shown relatively modest increases so far.
It's often hard to parse what's actually happening with premiums.They naturally vary from person to person, and there's plenty of variation at the local level. And the amount of federal assistance people get to purchase insurance depends on what type of plan they actually have.
One key metric to watch for in Obamacare's second year of enrollment is the cost of benchmark "silver" health insurance plans. These mid-range plans, which were especially popular in the first enrollment period, are important because they're used to calculate how much subsidy a person could receive for a plan purchased on an Affordable Care Act exchange. The second-lowest-cost silver plan offered in a particular area sets the benchmark for that subsidy, at which a person's premium contribution is capped. So if a person picks another health plan that costs more than the benchmark, that person will have to contribute more toward premiums.
A new Kaiser Family Foundation analysis this morning examining the prices of these benchmark plans in 16 cities finds that they will fall, on average, by .8 percent next year. That means some of the most attractive plans will be cheaper, and it could mean the federal government will pay less in subsidies than expected. Of course, this doesn't tell the whole picture of what's happening to rates across the country, but it provides some important insight into how the individual insurance market is shaping up for the second year of the ACA's expanded coverage.
Now the concerning news: in 12 of the 16 cities that Kaiser studied, at least one of the insurers that offered a benchmark plan in 2014 no longer has benchmark status for 2015. That means that insurer might have raised rates, or another insurer is offering lower prices in 2015. Either way, if a person remains enrolled in what used to be a benchmark plan, that person (assuming life circumstances haven't changed) will have to pay more toward their premium.
That's all to say that shopping around for insurance this year could be really important for the new Obamacare enrollees, who are particularly price sensitive. Yet past research also shows people generally stick with the plan  that they have, even if they can get a better deal elsewhere.
The Obama administration has set rules trying to make it easy for people to do as little as possible to remain enrolled in their health plans in 2015. But that could come at a higher cost .
Jason Millman covers all things health policy, with a focus on Obamacare implementation. He previously covered health policy for Politico.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409927797/1409927797000/1409927797 tracking: {authors=Jason Millman, blog_name=wonkblog, content_category=Business, in_url_headline=some-good-news-and-some-concerning-news-for-health-insurance-premiums, post_id=100190, section={section=business, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 2:36:37 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 2:36:37 PM

Jobs Day! First Impressions -- A Disappointing Report  But One Month Does Not a New Trend Makereddit
In a surprisingly downbeat look at last month's job market, today's jobs report shows payrolls up only 142,000 in August, a downward revision to June's gain, flat weekly hours, and a slight tick down in the labor force. While one month does not a new trend make -- far from it, as these are noisy data -- the report is a unfortunate reminder that this recovery has been fraught with "head fakes," as favorable trends have fizzled.
Unemployment ticked down slightly, from 6.2 to 6.1 percent, but this was largely due to labor force exits, not jobseekers finding work.
Today's report will surely be a noted over at the Federal Reserve, as their data-driven mode of operations will likely take the August report as support for Chair Yellen's view that considerable slack remains in the job market.
Job creation weakened across many industries. The large service sector was up 112,000, down from an average of 186,000 over the prior two months. After adding an average of 25,000 jobs in June and July, factory payrolls come in at zero in August, with autos down 5,000. (The Bureau noted there could be a seasonal issue distorting these data as the pattern of layoffs for factory retooling changed in ways they may not have adequately adjusted for.)
Given all this these monthly bips and bops, it makes sense to take an average of the monthly payroll results. Below is this month's version of JB's Jobs Day Smoother, wherein I show average monthly job growth over the past three, six, and twelve months -- a useful way of pulling recent trends out of the bouncy monthly data.
The underlying pace of payroll job growth over both the past three months -- 207,000 per month -- is the same as over the past year. This is a slight deceleration from the bump up in more recent payroll reports, as the monthly average over the past six months is 226,000.
The safest conclusion from this numbers is this: August's lousy report notwithstanding, we are solidly in the midst of a moderate jobs recovery. Payrolls are reliably growing at a pace slightly north of 200K per month. That's neither a breakneck nor a dismal rate of job growth, but it does mean that given the existing extent of remaining slack in the job market, full employment is still years, not months, away.
Turning to some other indicators worth watching in today's report, as noted, the rate of labor force participation ticked down a tenth to 62.8 percent. While that's a tick in the wrong direction, it's not much of one (the rate fell from 62.91 to 62.83 percent) and the fact remains that the labor force has been pretty stable for a year now, wiggling within a 40 basis point range from 62.8 to 63.2 percent since last August, a very positive development.
Finally, let's talk about wages. Average hourly wages were up 2.1 percent over the past year, showing no sign at all of wage acceleration -- this series has been stuck at 2 percent, nominal, for years now. Since that's about the rate of inflation, it means real hourly wages have been flat. Combine that with the finding of flat weekly hours, and you get a sense of the difficulty facing working families who depend on their paychecks as opposed to their stock portfolios.
These facts, themselves a function of the considerable slack remaining in the labor market, should seriously quiet calls for the Federal Reserve to raise rates pre-emptively.
What's really needed -- pretty desperately, I'd say -- is a benchmark against which to compare nominal wage growth, i.e., some sensible standard by which we can gauge the potential for wage-push inflation. Otherwise, we're too exposed to the sharp talons of inflation hawks who will label any wage acceleration inflationary.
As Dean Baker and I stress , and EPI economists makes the same case here , one standard benchmark is the rate of productivity growth:
...for workers to get their fair share of the economy's growth, real wages should keep pace with productivity growth. Productivity growth has been weak recently, most economists put the underlying trend at close to 1.5 percent. This means that wage growth at a 3.5 percent annual rate (2 percent inflation plus 1.5 percent productivity growth) would be consistent with the Fed's inflation target.
But there's even more room for non-inflationary wage growth than that. In recent years we've seen a large shift within national income from wages to profits. Wage growth paid for by a shift back toward to a more normal split between wages and profits does not put pressure on prices.
So the persistent trend in average nominal hourly wages of about 2 percent per year has a lot of room to grow.
All told, a disappointing report, one that's clearly off the trend of the improved reports we've been seeing in recent months. That's shouldn't be enough to wave us off of our priors that the economy and the job market continue to improve at a moderate rate. But it's enough to remind us we're not at all out of the woods yet.
Source: BLS, my analysis
This post originally appeared at Jared Bernstein's On The Economy blog.
Follow Jared Bernstein on Twitter: www.twitter.com/econjared
More:

Oceanaa Biotek Industries: Change in directorateSep 05, 2014, 08.02 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Oceanaa Biotek Industries: Change in directorate
Oceanaa Biotek Industries has informed that the Chief financial Officer Mr. S. Arputhasamy has been appointed as Chief Financial Officer of the Company with effect from August 25, 2014 and Mr. S. Arputhasamy will succeed Mr. Abdul Muthalif as Chief Financial Officer of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Oceanaa Biotek Industries: Change in directorate
Oceanaa Biotek Industries has informed that the Chief financial Officer Mr. S. Arputhasamy has been appointed as Chief Financial Officer of the Company with effect from August 25, 2014 and Mr. S. Arputhasamy will succeed Mr. Abdul Muthalif as Chief Financial Officer of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Oceanaa Biotek Industries Ltd has informed BSE as under:1. Appointment of Chief financial Officer:Mr. S. Arputhasamy has been appointed as Chief Financial Officer of the Company with effect from August 25, 2014.Mr. S. Arputhasamy will succeed Mr. Abdul Muthalif as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, who consequent to his resignation ceases to be Chief financial Officer of the Company.2. Resignation of Company Secretary & Compliance Officer:Ms. Harinee. S, had resigned from the post of Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company with effect from August 25, 2014.Source : BSE

On Teachers  Day  PM Narendra Modi says girls education top priorityApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

India-Australia civil nuclear deal signedNayanima Basu |  New Delhi Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 12:59 AM IST
India, Australia sign civilian nuclear energy deal
Uranium shipments might not start before 2-5 years; supplies might be limited
Adding another feather to its foreign policy cap, the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government under Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday signed a civil nuclear agreement with Australia to address India’s growing need for power.
The deal, signed in the presence of Modi and visiting Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott, officially marked an end to the ban imposed by Australia on selling uranium to India. The ban was lifted in 2012, when talks for the nuclear deal began.
This will be the first such deal signed by the NDA government. India has similar agreements with the US, Canada, the UK, South Korea and France, among other countries.
“The signing of the civil nuclear cooperation agreement is a historic milestone in our relationship. It is a reflection of a new level of mutual trust and confidence in our relationship and will open a new chapter in our bilateral cooperation. It will support India’s efforts to fuel its growth with clean energy and minimise its carbon footprint,” Modi said after a meeting with his Australian counterpart.
ALSO READ:  Experts welcome nuclear deal with Australia
Abbott said the deal would “finally allow Australian uranium sales to India”. He added the decision to sale uranium to India was “originally an initiative of the Howard government, now brought to fruition by the Abbott government”, referring to his Liberal Party predecessor John Howard, prime minister of Australia in 1996-2007.
The memorandum of understanding (MoU) for the deal, Cooperation in the Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy, was signed between R K Sinha, secretary, department of atomic energy, and Patrick Suckling, Australia’s high commissioner to India, following a meeting of the two prime ministers here.
ALSO READ:  Australian PM arrives, nuclear energy deal likely to be signed Friday
“The agreement will promote cooperation in peaceful uses of nuclear energy. It recognises India’s commitment and use of nuclear energy with a view to achieving sustainable development and strengthening energy security. Australia can play the role of a long-term reliable supplier of uranium to India. It provides for supply of uranium, production of radio isotopes, nuclear safety and other areas of cooperation,” the MoU stated.
Apparently, both sides also signed a parallel nuclear safeguards agreement, as India isn’t a signatory to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. This was also the case when India had signed a civil nuclear deal with Canada, a senior official told Business Standard.
Australia has about 40 per cent of global uranium reserves, of which it exports about 20 per cent, making it one of the largest exporters of the commodity. It doesn’t have any nuclear power plants of its own.
However, uranium supplies from Australia, which stands to earn billions of dollars through such shipments, to India could be limited because of Australia’s domestic laws. Besides, it might take four-five years for the shipments to start. According to Australian rules, uranium mining is limited to only a few mines and most are bound by long-terms contracts.
“This deal isn’t that much about business; it has more to do with India being recognised as a credible, nuclear-responsible state,” said the official quoted earlier.
India has 21 operational nuclear power reactors, across six power plants, with an installed capacity of 5,302 Mw; these produce 29,664.75 GWh of electricity. Seven more reactors, under construction, are expected to generate an additional 6,100 Mw, according to official statistics.
Under the nuclear power generation programme, India hopes to increase its nuclear capacity to 63,000 Mw by 2032 by adding about 30 reactors, at an estimated cost of $85 billion.

Slow governance responsible for decline in growth: Raghuram Rajanenvironment
(In the first quarter of 2014-15…)
NEW DELHI: Attributing decline in economic growth to "slow governance" and faulty allocation of natural resources, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has said GDP will improve to 7 per cent in next three years on back of political stability.
"The sharp slowdown in GDP from 8-9 per cent growth to 4-5 per cent in the last two years was caused by issues such as environment and land acquisition problems, delays in withdrawal of fiscal and monetary stimulus, irregularities around allocation of natural resources and slow governance," a Citi report quoted Rajan as saying.
Rajan had addressed a group of investors in Boston yesterday.
"On the back of political stability, improved business and investment climate, GDP growth is poised to improve towards 7 per cent over the next three years," he said.
India's economic growth has slipped to sub-5 per cent in 2013-14 and 2012-13 fiscals. In the current financial year, RBI estimates the growth to be 5.5 per cent.
In the first quarter of 2014-15 fiscal, the GDP improved to 5.7 per cent, from 4.6 per cent in the corresponding period a year ago.
Referring to the recent judgement of the Supreme Court on coal block allocation, Rajan said it "may create uncertainty in the short term, but long term, it is a positive development".
As regards the inflation, he said it is still high because of supply side rigidities. "Food inflation is a source of discomfort and given the sub-par monsoon this year, there is a need to keep an eye on food inflation," he said.
Food inflation in July stood at 8.43 per cent. The retail inflation was 7.96 per cent and WPI inflation was 5.19 per cent.
The RBI targets to contain retail inflation at 8 per cent this year and 6 per cent by next year through a sound monetary policy framework.
Rajan said, barring unforeseen external macro shocks, containment of the Current Account Deficit (CAD) and fiscal consolidation is likely to continue.
"Fiscal slippage has been arrested, but the quality of the deficit could be improved - particularly on the subsidy rationalisation and capital expenditure front," he said.
The government aims to bring down fiscal deficit to 4.1 per cent this fiscal. The CAD, which is the difference between inflow and outflow of foreign exchange, narrowed sharply to $ 7.8 billion (1.7 per cent of GDP) in the first quarter of the 2014-15 fiscal. It was $ 21.8 billion (4.8 per cent of GDP) in the year-ago period.
Rajan said RBI considers it prudent to be prepared for the eventual exit from low rates.
Rajan's vision for India's banking system involves a more competitive banking structure.
Stressing that India needs more banks, he said that the RBI was a little more conservative in the current round of licensing, given that it was timed around the elections.
The RBI, he said, will come out with a framework on the NBFC sector, which needs to complement the banking sector.
PSU banks, he said, constitute 70 per cent of the total banking sector assets.
"The government needs to improve the governance of PSU banks before it can reduce its stake in them," Rajan said.
To facilitate greater participation of foreign banks, the RBI might relook at priority sector lending norms, he said, adding one possible solution could involve domestic banks doing more agriculture lending and foreign banks doing more SME lending.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Democrats  Meet the Minimum-Wage Movementreddit
"We're a movement now," fast-food worker Latoya Caldwell said Wednesday of the effort by employees in her industry to raise their minimum wage to $15 per hour. That movement's latest action was a one-day strike that took place in 150 cities across the country on Thursday. It included acts of civil disobedience that activists said led to more than 500 arrests (including that of Wisconsin Rep. Gwen Moore).
New York. Detroit. Kansas City. Chicago. Los Angeles. Little Rock. Atlanta. Boston. Charleston. Hartford. Miami. Philadelphia... All day long there was a sense of electricity in the air as reports came in from one city after another.
The fast-food workers' issue, a higher minimum wage, is one most Americans understand. It is a cause, and a source of political energy, that Democrats would be wise to embrace. With the midterm elections only two months away, the Democratic Party's prospects seem doubtful. Experts give Democrats little chance of retaking the House, and they are in grave danger of losing the Senate.
The party needs a spark, a fire, a source of inspiration. It may find those things in an embrace of the minimum wage.
Popular support.
The cause certainly appeals to the electorate. Two-thirds of voters in a recent poll supported an increase in the minimum wage to $10.10, while 43 percent wanted it raised even further.
What's more, Americans understand that ours is an unequal economy, one that is rigged against them. In a poll released this week, for example, 54 percent of Americans agreed that "the widening income gap between the wealthy and everyone else is undermining the idea that every American has the opportunity for a better standard of living."
In polls taken earlier this year, 55 percent of Americans agreed with the statement that "the economic and political systems in the country are stacked against people like me," while 67 percent believed that the gap between the rich and everyone else is growing and 59 percent agreed that the American dream has become impossible for most people to achieve. (See PopulistMajority.org for details and additional polling data.)
Voters in New Jersey overwhelmingly passed an increase in that state's minimum wage in 2012, even as they re-elected Republican Chris Christie to a second term as governor. Christie was declared a "national contender" after receiving 60 percent of the vote. By that logic, the minimum wage is a contender, too, since that measure passed in New Jersey by a virtually identical margin . (And there's been no "bridge scandal" for the minimum wage.)
People intuitively understand that the minimum wage doesn't just affect workers at the bottom of the pay scale, but also addresses deeper and broader issues of fairness and economic growth. This issue offers candidates a unique opportunity to crystallize voters' reasonable but often amorphous concerns around a specific, and quite concrete, government action.
Sound policy.
And the idea is based on sound economic principles. Consider: If we increased the minimum wage to $10.10, as Democrats have proposed, that would barely return it to what it would have been had it kept pace with inflation over the last 45 years.
Our minimum wage is well below that of other developed nations, and would still lag behind many of them at $10.10. (Source: International Labor Organization )
If the minimum wage had kept pace with increases in productivity since 1968, it would be $21.72. Instead, corporations and wealthy individuals have kept those gains for themselves. (Source: John Schmitt, CEPR )
During the decades that the minimum wage kept with productivity, we experienced an average of 4 percent annual GDP growth and 4 percent unemployment. (Source: Baker and Kimball, CEPR )
There is absolutely no merit to conservative arguments against increasing the minimum wage. To underscore that fact, a new study by Daniel Kuehn for the Economic Policy Institute shows that economic research that purports to show otherwise is methodologically flawed.
The minimum wage debate is yet another opportunity to point out that Republicans don't understand the economy and are out of touch with the needs of ordinary Americans.
A matter of fairness.
The research may be sophisticated, but the underlying principle is a simple one: fairness. Working people's income has stagnated, and the minimum wage has fallen behind, but corporations are doing better than ever. Corporate profits are at or near record highs, and most minimum wage workers are employed by large corporations .
Low wages in the fast-food industry (as well as in corporations such as Walmart) force workers onto public assistance programs. That means taxpayers are indirectly subsidizing the profits of these corporations , while at the same time tacitly encouraging them to underpay their employees.
(The last two citations are from the National Employment Law Project .)
A higher minimum wage works for everyone.
When our leaders support minimum-wage workers, they're representing a cross-section of the population. Although conservatives like to claim that most minimum-wage employees are teenagers, less than 16 percent of those who would be affected by minimum-wage proposals are teens. An analysis by the National Women's Law Center shows that more than 92 percent of the workers who would be affected by an increased minimum wage are adults.
Many of them are parents. More than 7 million children -- nearly one out of every 10 kids in the United States -- have parents whose income would go up under a new minimum wage.  When you count the parents whose wages would be indirectly affected, that rises to more than 11 million (or roughly one in six) children whose households would benefit from the increase.
What's more, most minimum-wage workers are women. With gender issues breaking in Democrats' favor, that's something Democratic politicians should be discussing.
An increase in the minimum wage helps most hourly workers -- by creating more demand for goods and services, which means more jobs. That's why labor leaders like the AFL-CIO's Richard Trumka support an increase in the minimum wage, even though their own rank and file earn above the minimum-wage level. (Trumka explained his thinking on this subject in our recent radio interview with him.)
A higher minimum wage helps most Americans, either directly or indirectly -- and voters understand that.
Picking up on a theme.
Democrats are beginning to understand the power of this issue. With encouragement from labor activists and the Congressional Progressive Caucus, President Obama issued an executive order requiring all Federal contractors to pay their workers at least $10.10 per hour. (For a discussion of that effort, see our video interview with CPC co-chair Rep. Keith Ellison and labor activist Joseph Geevarghese.)
As Obama said recently, "All across the country right now there's a national movement ... made up of fast-food workers organizing to lift wages so they can provide for their families with pride and dignity. There is no denying a simple truth. America deserves a raise."
Senate Dems are also reportedly picking up on this theme. The Huffington Post reported this week that "Democrats may hold a campaign-season Senate vote as soon as next week on their effort to boost the federal minimum wage."
That would be a smart move. It's politically savvy to remind voters of Republican intransigence on this issue as often as possible.
Energy source.
Voters are disillusioned. This year is increasingly looking like it could be a replay of the last off-year election, in 2010, when core Democratic constituencies stayed home and the party suffered crushing losses.
There are only a handful of issues that can energize that base, especially this late in the election season, and the minimum wage may be the most powerful of them all. It's an issue that directly affects many members of the base. It also speaks to Democratic voters' core values of fairness, equality of opportunity, and economic growth.
What's more, Thursday's fast-food strike shows that this issue carries some excitement with it. That quality is in short supply this election season. "We're a movement now," says Latoya Caldwell. The minimum wage may be Democrats' last, best chance to say the same in November.
Related posts:

Sahara chief seeks 15 more days from SC to sell propertiesPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 08:05 PM IST
Sahara chief seeks 15 more days from SC to sell properties
Says the almost finalised deal to sell his three luxury hotels in New York and London has hit a roadblock
Sahara Chief Subrata Roy told the Supreme Court that almost finalised deal to sell his three luxury hotels in New York and London has hit a roadblock and is on the verge of collapse and sought 15 days more time to sell the properties to raise Rs 10,000 crore to be deposited with SEBI to get bail.
Appearing before a bench headed by Justice T S Thakur, Roy's counsel submitted that there have been huge protests outside the hotels after an International newspaper published story that Sultan of Brunei is buying the properties.
A very serious problem has cropped up in the last three days after the paper reported that Sultan of Brunei is buying the properties, he said.
"Following this, there have been very violent protests outside the hotels and the buyers are "reconsidering the deal which is now on the verge of being scrapped," senior advocate S Ganesh told the court.
Although Ganesh pleaded the court for 10 days more time but the application filed by Roy mentioned that he needed 15 days more time to hold negotiations to save the deal or to talk with 3-4 other buyers who are on line to buy the properties.
"It is very unfortunate incident and it is a setback for us. It is beyond our control," he said asking the bench to consider his plea for extension of time on Monday.
"Extend the operation of the order of this court of August 1 and August 14 by a further period of 15 working days," the application said.
The court said that it will take up his plea if it is possible for the special bench, hearing his case, to assemble on that day.
The apex court had on August 1 allowed Roy and two directors of his group to use the conference room in Tihar jail complex for 10 days from August 5 to hold negotiations with potential buyers. The time period was further extended for 15 days on August 14.
It was reported that the Sultan, along with his luxury hotel operator, the Dorchester Collection, has been criticised for harsh new laws against homosexuals and adulterers in Brunei resulting in boycotts of the Beverly Hills Hotel and other properties in Europe, costing him millions of dollars revenue loss.
The Sahara chief put his hotels Dream Downtown and The Plaza in New York and Grosvenor House in London on block to sell.
Roy, 65, who has been in jail for the past six months, had pleaded that he was committed to follow apex court's direction and sought its permission for shifting to Tihar jail guest house for a week to enable him to hold negotiations to sell his properties in India and abroad to raise Rs 10,000 crore to get regular bail.
 Advertisements

Australia and India sign uranium dealLast updated: September 5, 2014 4:57 pm
Australia’s Abbott strikes uranium export deal with India’s Modi
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/894aa7cc-34c0-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rains lash north India  J&K sees worst floods in six decadesPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 9:37 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 9:38 pm
Heavy rains continued to lash several parts of North India including Jammu and Kashmir which is battling the worst floods in nearly six decades as 28 more people were killed on Friday in flood-related incidents, taking the toll to 48 in the state.
Delhi also witnessed another rainy day as the national capital recorded showers measuring 6.2 mm which kept the mercury below normal levels.
The maximum temperature was recorded at 30.3 degrees Celsius, which was four notches below normal, while the minimum settled a notch below normal at 25.1 degrees Celsius.
The rainfall pushed humidity levels upwards, oscillating between 74 and 92 per cent.
Incessant rains in Jammu and Kashmir since Wednesday have worsened the flood situation, leaving 48 people dead till now and disrupting normal life. The deluge has wreaked havoc, damaging roads, dozens of bridges and buildings and crops.
Jhelum in Srinagar was flowing at 22.40 feet, 4.40 feet above danger mark, as many areas in the summer capital of the state have been submerged. Many other streams in the state too have swollen and inundated most areas, officials said.
19 deaths were reported from Jammu, including 10 in a house collapse incident in Rajouri, apart from recovery of five bodies from yesterday’s bus mishap in which 50 members of marriage party were washed away in Rajouri district. Four people were washed away in Kashmir.
As many as 1,100 people were rescued from flash-floods in various areas by teams of Army and IAF, taking the total number of the rescued persons since yesterday to 1350. A total of 2,500 people have rescued in the state so far.
Schools and colleges across the state have been closed till Monday while universities in Kashmir have suspended all work for two days.

Stocks Drift Sideways at Midday After Hiring SlowsAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Switchback: Talking Tech (Sept. 12)About the topic
The team from The Switch discusses everything from the latest political tech news to the gadgets you’re eyeing.
Brian Fung, Andrea Peterson, Nancy Scola and Hayley Tsukayama will chat online Friday at 11 a.m. ET, so submit your questions now!
Q .

8 Tips to Get Over Client Burnoutreddit
As freelancer, it's understood that if you don't work you aren't making a living. But, if you're risking your mental and physical health by working with a demanding-client, on top of all your other clients, then what's not to say that you won't get burnt out?
Freelancers are at high risk for getting overwhelmed and burnout from their extensive workload. But how can you prevent and handle getting burnout from your clients? More importantly, how can you achieve this without burning any bridges? Here are 8 tips that you should follow when you feel that you've finally had enough.
1. Say "No"
One of the last things that a freelancer wants to tell a client is "no." But, if you're always saying "yes" you're going to spread yourself too thin. In fact, being overcommitted to clients probably lead to you getting burnout in the first place. If you have an idea on how much work you can then you won't take on more projects then you go handle.
If you're burnout, it's alright to be picky about jobs. You can also inform clients that you're currently unavailable and you'll begin their project as soon as there's an opening.
2. Take Time Off
Whether it's taking one-day a week off, going away for the weekend or skipping town for week, you're earned some time off. Taking time off can get you over that feeling of being burnout, and when you return, you'll be refreshed and have a clear mindsight. While you can bring your laptop, tablet or smartphone, try to limit your usage. You don't have to go completely off the grid, but there's no need to be plugged-in all of the time. Remember, you're taking some much needed time-off.
3. Establish a Schedule
One advantage of being a freelancer is that you can set your own hours. The problem with that is that if you're overcommitted it's extremely easy to suddenly be all over the place. Establish goals and priorities and base a schedule around that. What are you working on now? When does it have to be done? You can also break these tasks into smaller attainable tasks so that they can get completed. Once you have this information written down, you can create a schedule, let's say Monday through Friday from 8-4, so that you know when to work and when to take time off.
4. Ask For Help
You can ask friends, family members or colleagues to lend a hand if you're burnout. They could offer a fresh perspective and give you an outside opinion. Whether it's proofreading or just someone to vent to, there's no shame in asking for help. If you're really burnout, you could also outsource other freelancers to finish projects -- Elance and oDesk are great places to find other freelancers.
5. Learn Something New
Doing the same everyday gets redundant. And, if you've been spent an excessive amount of time working with one client, then it would be time to learn something entirely new. Whether that's taking an online course on a site like Skillshare to learn a skill involving business or technology every month or attending a local lifestyle class once a week, learning something can relieve stress and help both your personal and professional life.
I totally recommend a side project to keep your skills sharp.  I have been working on Host for the past six month to keep my freelancer skills sharp.  When you're in the same place as your customers, it helps you understand them 10x better.  It will also allow you to work on something
6. Sleep
Never underestimate the power of sleep . When you get enough sleep you're improving your memory, spruing creativity, lowers stress and is just good for your overall physical health.  To feel refreshed and get those creative juices back on track, make sure that you get 7-8 hours of sleep per night. While that may change depending on deadlines, it's important that you still try to get a good night's rest as much as possible.
7. Eliminate Stress
Whether it's exercising or firing a client that is too demanding (professionally, of course) to get over being in a rut you need to reduce and eliminate stress. When you let frustration continue to build-up, you're preventing yourself from moving forward and being productive. Whatever you have to do to eliminate stress in your life should be done as soon as you're beginning to feel burnout or are exhausted from dealing with a particularly challenging client.
8. Have a Life Outside of Work
It's not that difficult to get consumed with work. But, you can't work 24/7. You need to have a life outside of work, whether that's going out with friends to dinner with friends or taking the kids to the park on a sunny afternoon. You need enjoy life, or why else are you getting burned out? Not only will you have fun, you'll be relaxed when you get back to working on projects for your clients.
What other tips have you found to get over client burnout?
Follow John Rampton on Twitter: www.twitter.com/JohnRampton
More:

Banks open vaults to store digital IDSeptember 5, 2014 5:24 pm
Banks open their digital vaults to data protection
By Brooke Masters
Technology moves a nod to customers’ privacy concerns
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bbfb86a6-3424-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Appeals court backs Tchenguiz over HiltonSeptember 5, 2014 5:19 pm
UK appeals court backs Tchenguiz over Hilton hotels legal battle
By Kate Allen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b5fc8306-350d-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

As Javedekar visits Kaziranga  groups demand CBI probe into rhino killingsWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 5, 2014 10:02 pm
 
Even as union forest and environment minister Prakash Javadekar made his maiden visit to Kaziranga National Park on Friday, different environment NGOs and other organizations asked him to institute a CBI probe into the increasing number of rhino poaching cases in the world’s largest habitat of one-horned Indian rhinoceros.
Representatives of the All Assam Students’ Union (AASU) were the most vocal when Javadekar first interacted with different groups immediately after he landed in Guwahati on Friday. Before taking a chopper to Kaziranga, about 220 kms from here, he told reporters that the BJP government believed in community involvement in protecting wildlife and forests.
“The government believes in saving forests and wildlife with strong community participation. Wherever forests have thrived, it is more because of the people, especially the tribal communities,” he said.
The AASU said while the Assam government had failed to protect rhinos in Kaziranga, the Centre had remained a mute spectator. “Why can’t the rhinos be saved from poachers who have now shifted to using sophisticated AK-series weapons. We suspect there is some serious problem somewhere, some nexus too,” said AASU advisor Samujjal Bhattacharyya. At least 26 rhinos have been killed this year by poachers.
Later, addressing a meeting of local groups and communities in Kaziranga, Javadekar said the government wants to increase India’s overall forest cover from the existing 24 per cent to over 33 per cent. “It is a challenging task. But I think it will be possible through community participation and hard work. It might take 10 to 15 years,” he said.

Root hundred props up England; Target 295 for IndiaUpdated: September 6, 2014 04:58 IST
Root hundred finally secures England a win in the ODI series
PTI
Tweet
AP SOLID: Joe Root mixed caution with aggression to carve out a match-winning three-figure knock.
AP England's Joe Root celebrates after scoring a century during the fifth One Day International match against India at Headingley cricket ground, Leeds on Friday.
TOPICS
One-day cricket
Joe Root smashed his second ODI century as England prevented India from securing a clean sweep with a consolatory 41-run win in the inconsequential fifth cricket match, in Leeds on Friday.
Root struck 113 runs as England put on board a challenging 294 for seven and then bowled out the visitors for 253 in 48.4 even as India won the series 3-1 on the back of their previous victories.
India, who dominated the series with their consistent show, opted to bowl but Root’s hundred ensured that the home side scored their highest total of the series.
Root faced 108 balls and hit 10 fours along with three sixes in his magnificent innings. He added 108 runs off just 71 balls with Jos Buttler (49) for the fifth wicket scoring at impressive 8 runs per over.
In-form Indian opener Ajinkya Rahane (0) struggled today as he was dismissed for a nought but other batsmen, who got starts were guilty of not converting on an easy batting strip.
In a splendid rearguard action, Ravindra Jadeja hit an aggressive 87-run knock but was it was too late and only reduced the defeat margin. The southpaw hit nine fours and two sixes in his entertaining 62-ball innings.
Young batsman Ambati Rayudu came up with a fighting 53-run knock off 65 balls in India’s resistance but his promising innings was cut short by Ben Stokes.
Opener Shikhar Dhawan scored 31 off 44 balls before being castled by Moeen Ali, who also got key wicket of Suresh Raina (18) as the off-spinner played a crucial role in turning the tide in his side’s favour.
Till Mahendra Singh Dhoni was at the crease, India had their hopes alive but once the skipper fell in a bizarre fashion, it was a matter of time for England to complete the win. Dhoni chased a widish ball from Steven Finn and sent it straight to Stokes, gifting away his wicket after making 29.
After that it was Jadeja, who kept England fielders busy, but could not pull off miraculous win.
For England, pacer troika of Stokes (3/47), James Anderson (2/39) and Steven Finn (2/37) shared seven wickets between them while Ali took two wickets.
For India, Mohammad Shami (2/52) was again the best bowler on display, while Bhuvneshwar Kumar (1/45), Umesh Yadav (1/46), R. Ashwin (1/49) and Suresh Raina (1/32) also took a wicket each. Jadeja (0/66) had an off-day.
England skipper Alastair Cook (46 runs) and Alex Hales (4) looked for a good start to put India under some pressure, but it wasn’t meant to be despite a quick get away.
Hales was aggressive and miscued a pull shot to be caught at mid-wicket off Yadav in the 4th over. Moeen Ali (9), given a promotion after his blitzkrieg fifty in the previous match, was out three overs later, again looking to be too aggressive as he smacked the ball straight to third man.
It was looking like routine for England at 39/2, but Cook and Root rebuilt the innings. They added 52 runs for the third wicket, with the English skipper enjoying quite a bit of luck during his stay at the wicket.
He had nicked the ball twice through the absent second slip -- on 9 in the third over and then at 19 in the seventh.
But despite these lives, he could not even get to his half-century and was gobbled up by Dhoni as he tried to sweep Raina in the 20th over.
Eoin Morgan (14) then came to join Root in the middle but his poor run of form continued and he was stumped by the Indian skipper off Ashwin in the 29th over.
The 100-run mark had come up in the 24th over but only 26 runs were added by the English batsmen in this interim of play spanning nine overs.
It heaped the pressure on new batsman Buttler but he responded well enough to put on a century-stand for the fifth wicket.
Root then reached his fifty off 68 balls, with six fours, in the 32nd over. The two batsmen looked to take more risks as they put on 50-runs off just 43 balls.
For the first time in the series, India’s spinners weren’t able to dictate terms and it could be seen most in the second powerplay as Root-Buttler took 55 runs off those five overs.
England’s 200-run mark came up in the 40th over thus and two overs later Root-Buttler celebrated a 100-run partnership coming off only 75 balls.
But in the 43rd over, the latter was run-out by Dhoni as he failed to locate the ball after trying a sweep, falling painfully short of a well-deserved half-century.
But Root rallied on, scoring the first-ever ODI hundred by a Yorkshire batsman at his home-ground, getting to the land-mark in the 45th over.
He had faced 105 balls, hitting nine fours as well as two sixes, to get there. He added another boundary and six to his tally, looking for some quick-scoring before the end but perished in the bid to do so, finally caught by Ashwin at short fine-leg off Shami.
Stokes (33 not out), along with Chris Woakes (9) and James Tredwell (8 not out), hit out in the last few overs as India conceded 143 runs in the final 15 overs.
India made one change, bringing in Umesh Yadav for Dhawal Kulkarni, while England made two changes to their line-up from the previous game.
Gary Ballance and Harry Gurney were left out with James Tredwell and Stokes coming in for them.
Scoreboard
England: A. Cook c Dhoni b Raina 46 (64b, 6x4), A. Hales c Rahane b Yadav 4 (9b), Moeen Ali c Yadav b Bhuvneshwar 9 (8b, 2x4), J. Root c Ashwin b Shami 113 (108b, 10x4, 3x6), E. Morgan st. Dhoni b Ashwin 14 (34b, 1x4), J. Buttler run out 49 (40b, 5x4, 2x6), B. Stokes (not out) 33 (23b, 3x4, 2x6), C. Woakes b Shami 9 (9b, 2x4), J. Tredwell (not out) 8 (5b, 1x4); Extras (b-1, lb-3, w-5): 9; Total (for seven wkts. in 50 overs): 294.
Fall of wickets: 1-23 (Hales), 2-39 (Moeen), 3-91 (Cook), 4-117 (Morgan), 5-225 (Buttler), 6-249 (Root), 7-265 (Woakes).
India bowling: Bhuvneshwar 8-0-45-1, Yadav 6-0-46-1, Shami 10-0-52-2, Ashwin 10-2-49-1, Raina 7-0-32-1, Jadeja 9-0-66-0.
India: A. Rahane c Morgan b Anderson 0 (3b), S. Dhawan b Moeen 31 (44b, 4x4, 1x6), V. Kohli c Cook b Anderson 13 (21b, 2x4), A. Rayudu c Cook b Stokes 53 (65b, 3x4, 2x6), S. Raina c Buttler b Moeen 18 (23b, 2x4), M.S. Dhoni c Stokes b Finn 29 (42b, 1x4, 1x6), R. Jadeja b Finn 87 (68b, 9x4, 2x6), R. Ashwin c Finn b Stokes 16 (19b, 1x4), Bhuvneshwar run out 1 (3b), M. Shami c Hales b Stokes 0 (2b), U. Yadav (not out) 0 (2b); Extras (w-5): 5; Total (in 48.4 overs): 253.
Fall of wickets: 1-0 (Rahane), 2-25 (Kohli), 3-49 (Dhawan), 4-91 (Raina), 5-132 (Rayudu), 6-173 (Dhoni), 7-203 (Ashwin), 8-208 (Bhuvneshwar), 9-209 (Shami).
England bowling: Anderson 10-0-39-2, Woakes 10-1-61-0, Moeen 8-0-34-2, Finn 8.4-1-37-2, Tredwell 5-0-35-0, Stokes 7-0-47-3.
Toss: India.

The Economist withdraws objectionable review of book on slaveryThe Economist has issued an apology that speaks for itself :
Apology: In our review of “The Half Has Never Been Told: Slavery and the Making of American Capitalism” by Edward Baptist, we said: “Mr Baptist has not written an objective history of slavery. Almost all the blacks in his book are victims, almost all the whites villains.” There has been widespread criticism of this, and rightly so. Slavery was an evil system, in which the great majority of victims were blacks, and the great majority of whites involved in slavery were willing participants and beneficiaries of that evil. We regret having published this and apologise for having done so. We are therefore withdrawing the review but in the interests of transparency, anybody who wants to see the withdrawn review can click here .
What’s missing from the review and from the apology is something that’s commonly missing from stories in The Economist: A byline, the better to ID the apology-triggering party. Twitter had several takes on that dimension:
Writer of this awful, now withdrawn book review must be so grateful for the Economist’s no byline policy http://t.co/J3q6BVadNt
— Dorian Lynskey (@Dorianlynskey) September 5, 2014
@MikeW_CA does the review carry a byline? or do economist reviews not have names attached?
— Laurie Hertzel (@StribBooks) September 5, 2014
Never before has the @TheEconomist ‘s lack of author byline saved a writer from such deserved mocking on social media http://t.co/sprlggu5XF
— Jonathan Blanks (@BlanksSlate) September 4, 2014
Whoever penned this black-and-white passage will indeed escape public shaming, though his or her colleagues surely know who typed in those words. They have the special burden of knowing who tarnished the entire Economist brand.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409935536/1409935536000/1409935536 tracking: {authors=Erik Wemple, blog_name=erik-wemple, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=the-economist-withdraws-objectionable-review-of-book-on-slavery, post_id=14220, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 4:45:36 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 4:45:36 PM

Happy Bill Murray Day!Toronto International Film Festival
Happy Bill Murray Day!
Today, the Toronto International Film Festival is paying tribute to the enigmatic movie star and honoring his achievements on the big screen.
Today, the Toronto International Film Festival is paying tribute to the enigmatic movie star and honoring his achievements on the big screen.

Eurozone borrowing costs turn negativeSeptember 5, 2014 4:43 pm
Eurozone borrowing costs turn negative
By Ralph Atkins in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fc274c40-350c-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nuclear watchdog sees little Iran progressSeptember 5, 2014 5:49 pm
Nuclear watchdog sees little progress in Iran investigation
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/330a5dcc-3514-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India lose match by 41 runs  win series 3-1Moeen Ali played his part by picking a couple of wickets in the middle overs. He returned with figures of 2/34 (Source: AP)
Reuters | Posted: September 5, 2014 12:59 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 11:41 pm
Joe Root’s fine century saved England from the ignominy of a series whitewash on home soil as they beat India by 41 runs in the fifth and final one-dayer at Headingley on Friday.  (Full Coverage: India tour of England)
SCORECARD: India vs England
After taking an unbeatable 3-0 lead following a thumping nine-wicket victory in the last match, world champions India struggled to adapt to the conditions and allowed England to score more than 230 runs for the first time in the series.
Root’s well-judged 113 from 108 balls, his highest ODI score, lifted England to 294 for seven off their 50 overs. Captain Alastair Cook chipped in with 46 and Jos Buttler fell for a breezy 49 after being run out by Mahendra Singh Dhoni.
Man-of-the-match Root, who smashed 10 fours and three sixes, put on 108 runs with Buttler before Dhoni knocked off the bails to break the fifth-wicket partnership after Buttler set off for a non-existent run.
Mohammed Shami ended Root’s entertaining innings in the 46th over when the right-hander flicked the ball straight to Ravichandran Ashwin.
India’s hopes of completing a 4-0 rout got off to a rocky start when they lost Edgbaston centurion Ajinkya Rahane for a duck after he nonchalantly sliced a James Anderson delivery into the hands of Eoin Morgan in the first over.
From then on the visitors struggled to build momentum and they lost wickets at regular intervals, leaving Ravindra Jadeja frustrated as his swashbuckling knock of 87 off 68 balls turned out to be in vain.
The left-hander was last man out, clean bowled by Steven Finn in the penultimate over as he tried to score runs quickly in a bid to reach three figures in an international for the first time.
Despite the defeat, India will be buoyed by their 50-overs performances in England as they look to fine-tune their game before beginning the defence of their World Cup title in February.
England, however, face an uphill task if they are to get their hands on the 50-overs World Cup, a trophy they have never won.
They have won only one series against another test-playing nation since 2012 and have lost their last four at home.
Their consolation victory has done little to paper over the cracks that run deep in England’s approach to the limited-overs format which some former players have labelled as old-fashioned and out of date.

Ebola: UN to set up center  aims to stop in ...Ban Ki-Moon
("The goal is to stop Ebola…)
UNITED NATIONS: The United Nations will soon set up an Ebola crisis center to coordinate the response to the deadly virus and to strive to halt its spread in West African countries within six to nine months, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon announced on Friday.
Ban called on the international community to provide $600 million needed for supplies in West Africa , where Ebola has killed more than 1,900 people since March and is "spreading far faster than the response."
"The goal is to stop Ebola transmission in affected countries within six to nine months, and to prevent the international spread of the virus," Ban said. "This can be done only if the urgent and necessary mobilization is done both in the affected countries and by the international community."
He urged airlines and shipping companies not to cancel flights and docking in the affected countries.
"Banning flights and shipping services will not keep Ebola from spreading, but it will keep medical teams from reaching people most in need," he told reporters
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apple to tighten online security after recen...Apple to tighten online security after recent hack
AP Sep 5, 2014, 09.57PM IST
Tags:
Apple Inc.
(The iPhone maker said the…)
NEW YORK: Apple plans to tighten its online security measures to reduce the chances of its users being victimized by intrusions like the ones that stole nude photos from actress Jennifer Lawrence and other celebrities.
CEO Tim Cook told The Wall Street Journal in a story published Friday that Apple Inc. will use email and push notifications to alert the hundreds of millions of people using its services when there has been an attempt to restore their iCloud data on a new device, change an account password or log on to an account with a new device. Previously there were no notifications for restoring iCloud data, but users did receive an email when someone tried to change a password or log in for the first time from a new device.
Apple expects to start sending the additional notifications in two weeks. The iPhone maker said the new security will allow users to change passwords to reclaim control of an account or notify Apple's security team about a potential problem.
An Apple spokesman confirmed the report Friday but declined to comment further than what was said in the interview.
Apple is also urging users to ensure they have complex passwords that are difficult to guess and are enabling a feature known as two-factor authentication that requires a numeric code sent to a phone to gain access to an account.
The security clampdown comes just a few days after Apple acknowledged computer hackers broke into the accounts of Lawrence and several other stars whose revealing photos were posted online during the Labor Day weekend. The Cupertino, California, company blamed the security breakdown on the intruders' ability to figure out passwords and bypass other safeguards.
The embarrassing episode raised doubts about Apple's online security at a time when the company is preparing to introduce several services that will seek to vacuum up even more information about people's lives and finances. When Apple unveils its next iPhone at a Tuesday event in Silicon Valley, Cook also is widely expected to provide more details about previously announced services designed to help people manage their health and home appliances. Analysts also believe Apple will include a digital wallet for making payments on the iPhone and, possibly, a long-awaited smartwatch, too.
As part of its efforts to reassure users, Apple has emphasized that it found no evidence of a widespread problem in iCloud or its Find my iPhone service. Instead, the affected celebrity accounts were targeted by hackers who had enough information to know the usernames, passwords and answers to personal security questions designed to thwart unauthorized entries, according to Apple.
Knowing this crucial information would enable an outsider to break into Apple accounts, including iCloud, and many other types of online accounts. The digital burglaries, though, probably would have been thwarted with two-factor authentication.
Apple's stock added 65 cents to $98.74 in Friday's early afternoon trading.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Key allies ready to join US military in Iraq...Al-Qaeda
("Already allies have joined…)
NEWPORT, WALES: Key NATO allies stand ready to join the United States in military action to defeat Islamic State militants in Iraq, US President Barack Obama said on Friday.
He said Washington would destroy the movement just as it had gone after the Islamist militants of al Qaeda, which carried out the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks on the United States.
Obama said NATO leaders were unanimous at a summit in Wales that the radical Sunni fighters posed a significant threat to the West and he had found support for US actions in Iraq.
"Key NATO allies stand ready to confront this terrorist threat through military, intelligence and law enforcement as well as diplomatic efforts," Obama said after ministers of 10 nations met on the sidelines of the NATO meeting to form what Washington called a "core coalition".
"Already allies have joined us in Iraq where we have stopped ISIL's advances, we have equipped our Iraqi partners and helped them go on offense," he told a news conference.
The United States hoped a new Iraqi government would be formed next week and was confident it would have a coalition for the sustained action required to destroy ISIL.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Obamas talk softly and carry a feather policy collapsesBy Jennifer Rubin September 5 Follow @JRubinBlogger
If the current cease-fire holds in Ukraine, we will be one step closer to the dismemberment of Ukraine and a humiliation for the West. The Post reports : “The measures appeared, at least initially, to be a first step toward a peace plan envisioned by Russian President Vladimir Putin that would effectively freeze the conflict in a manner similar to other long-running territorial disputes in former Soviet republics. The Kremlin has used those other conflicts, in Moldova and Georgia, to exert pressure on their governments and to complicate their chances of joining the NATO defense alliance.”
President Obama speaks during a news conference in Tallinn, Estonia, on Wednesday. (Valda Kalnina/European Pressphoto Agency)
Meanwhile, in a pale imitation of the Iraq war coalition that President George W. Bush assembled of some 49 countries , the Obama administration managed to wrangle nine countries into joining with us against the Islamic State. But to do what?
If you listen to the president, it is to make the terrorist state “manageable.” If you listen to Secretary of State John Kerry, he says, “Contrary to what you sort of heard in the politics of our country”– from the president (!) — “the President is totally committed; there is a strategy that is clear, becoming more clear by the day. And it really relies on a holistic approach to ISIL. That is to say that we need to do kinetic, we need to attack them in ways that prevent them from taking over territory, that bolster the Iraqi security forces, others in the region who are prepared to take them on, without committing troops of our own, obviously.” Obviously not, because we’re totally committed up to the point where we are not. After all, Kerry says, “that’s a redline for everybody here, no boots on the ground.” Not the Islamic State’s beheading of American journalists or slaughtering of Christians or terrorizing of the population, but U.S. ground troops are the red line. Is there any wonder aggressors around the world have pounced?
 
Kerry assures us: “There is no containment policy for ISIL. They’re an ambitious, avowed genocidal, territorial-grabbing, Caliphate-desiring, quasi state within a regular army. And leaving them in some capacity intact anywhere would leave a cancer in place that will ultimately come back to haunt us. So there is no issue in our minds about our determination to build this coalition, go after this.” Unless, of course, this means boots on the ground.
Now contrast the diplomatic minuets and double talk with the only good news internationally today, as The Post reports: “Ahmed Abdi Godane, a co-founder of a network blamed for its brutal tactics in Somalia and for the attack on an upscale Kenyan shopping mall last year, was killed Monday in an attack carried out by U.S. drones and other aircraft, the Pentagon said.” Now, there is some atrocity prevention.
The lesson here is not that diplomacy is always meaningless. It is rather that we need to be clear-eyed about whom we are dealing with and understand that with determined foes it is military action or the threat of military action (or economic penalties) that can usually move the needle in our direction.
From the get-go, this president seemed to believe that he could shame our adversaries into good behavior or ingratiate himself with those who don’t care how we behave, only that we are nonbelievers.
The Israeli writer Ruthie Blum insightfully summed up Obama’s moral confusion: “What Obama has never been able to get through his community-organizer brain is that it is not enough for him to empathize with the grievances of his enemies, particularly not the genocidal maniacs in question. Without actually swearing allegiance to the interpretation of Islam whose objective it is to catapult the modern world into the Dark Ages, there is no way to avoid beheading. And given the nature of internecine Islamist strife, even doing so does not guarantee immunity from bloodletting.”
This is why his “outreach” to Iran, repudiation of enhanced interrogation techniques, the Cairo speech, condemnation of an anti-Islamic video (that had nothing to do with the Libya attack), excoriating our ally Israel for failing to make peace with Palestinians (who never take “yes” for an answer), commitment to a Palestinian state and finger-wagging at Israel when it takes on terrorists militarily (which inevitably causes civilian casualties) have earned us nothing — zero, zilch good will — either from Iran and its allies or from the Islamic State. What works is showing resolve to destroy jihadists. What doesn’t work is bailing out of Iraq, leaving no troops in Afghanistan, flip-flopping on the red line in Syria and letting a genocidal war drag on for three years. What doesn’t work is slashing our military while threats increase.
Obama and Hillary Clinton likewise tried to stay in Russian President Vladimir Putin’s good graces. They began reset, let Russia into the World Trade Organization and tried to slow down human rights sanctions. When that didn’t stop Putin from pursuing his ambitions to re-create the Russian empire, the administration was taken aback. The nice words and political appeasement were worthless (!?!) as were the half-hearted sanctions which we now decide to increase after a cease-fire has cemented Russia’s victory. Declaring that he is so 19th-century and offering “off ramps” were meaningless. Not even telling Putin he was really losing made a difference.
In the end, totalitarians and terrorists want what they want. The way to stop terrorists is to destroy them, preferably early on before they experience victory, kill hundreds of thousands and plant themselves in nation states. In dealing with rational foes who calculate the costs and benefits of actions, convincing them that they will pay a penalty far greater than what they can hope to obtain through aggression is essential. If you are not ready to do either, you have the Obama foreign policy — chaos, bloodshed, instability and diminished fear of and respect for the United States. In short, we either choose to confront our foes or we choose decline. Maybe the next president will choose the former.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409937901/1409937901000/1409937901 tracking: {authors=Jennifer Rubin, blog_name=right-turn, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=obama-has-never-understood-our-enemies, post_id=28014, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 5:25:01 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 5:25:01 PM

Illinois obesity around the middle of the U.S. rateObesity rates in two states exceed 35%, study says
Obesity rates higher among lower-income adults
The rate of obesity among adults in Mississippi and West Virginia exceeded 35 percent last year, researchers said this week, and at least 21 percent of adults in every state are obese.
In Illinois, the adult obesity rate was 29.4 percent in 2013, up from 28.1 percent in 2012 and up from just 12.1 percent back in 1990, according to a report from the Trust for America's Health (TFAH) and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation (RWJF).
Adult obesity rates rose in six states in 2013 and did not decrease in any states, according to the report .
More than 33 percent of adults (those 18 and older) who earn less than $15,000 per year are obese, compared with 25.4 percent who earn at least $50,000 per year. The number of severely obese adults has quadrupled over the past 30 years, with more than 6 percent of adults now considered severely obese, researchers said.
The report measures adult obesity as having a body mass index of 30 or more. Severe obesity in adults is tracked as having a BMI of 40 or more.
The middle... isn't that where it usually is?
Jeff019

Mary Kom movie reviewApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Fighting fit on Delhi s party circuitKishore Singh |  Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 09:55 PM IST
Kishore Singh: Fighting fit on Delhi's party circuit
You do not mess with a octogenarian who carries firearms, especially when old age might cause her to take potshots at the slightest provocation
My mother has had a lifelong habit of sleeping with a pistol under her pillow - it's what has kept her offspring, and lately their spouses, in some measure of check. You do not mess with a octogenarian who carries firearms, especially when old age might cause her to take potshots at the slightest provocation. I'm not sure she travels with her pistol, but her grandchildren treat her with the respect their parents, as peaceniks, have rarely enjoyed. "Wimp," my son has been known to refer to my face because I refrained from punching his best friend's father's nose over allegations of purloined cricket gear.
My wife hardly bothers with her husband's wardrobe, but will fuss over pocket kerchiefs to "finish" my appearance, and her go-out line is "No guns, darling," which, if more couples cared, would have caused less grief given Delhi's propensity to shoot more than just their mouths. Friends, families and lovers have been known to target each other at weddings, over parking spots, the misplacement of a few hundred crore rupees, or because someone dared toot at their carriage at a red light. The city is trigger-happy, violent and angry, and nothing aggravates this more than a drink or two under the belt.
A party can hardly be considered a success unless some kids in posh accents bawl each other's dubious lineage, though, alas, the accusations are rarely followed up by the intrepid Page 3 media that prefers reporting on who wore Hugo Boss or Ermenegildo Zegna to the party. I don't know if the women who always lug extra diamond earrings in their clutch bags also tote revolvers; certainly, they don't mess around calling each other names like the boys, preferring the potency of Chinese whispers to cause devastating damage, a well-timed sotto voce campaign proving more lethal to reputations than any openly hurled accusation.
But, mostly, it is when older men quarrel that the ugly face of the capital's sophisticated set is laid bare. They're given to a colourful turn of phrase in the local vernacular that is extraordinary. Having grown up with a deprived vocabulary, my wife has been known to ask the chauffeur for the precise meanings of phrases, sometimes causing him to drive strangely thereafter.
We were recently witness to an altercation between two silver citizens at a tony cultural event with overseas hosts where the well-heeled were sipping champagne, the atmosphere was hushed, when the electric sound of resounding slaps echoed through the convivial chatter and laughter. The two grizzlies, barely in their cups, exchanged knowledge of each other's families that was not previously known. "You're a thief," shouted one. "You're a dacoit," accused the other. "You dared slap me," said the first. "You punched me," hollered the second. Whisky may or may not have been flung at each other's faces but the charges flew thick and fast. It was a while before the hotel staff separated the two - their well-wishers were having too good a time to want the brawl to end.
Amid feigned gasps of mock shock, the party ended - officially, that is. The chattering glitterati moved to the hotel lobby to better communicate the latest social outrage. Mobile phones were whipped out to disperse texts widely. Did anyone have a photograph to WhatsApp? Groups formed, some drifting to the coffee shop, others to the bar, there to review the latest scandal in the city, causing more damage to the two citizen's health than my mother's famously unused pistol.
 Advertisements

Federer saves match point  dayThis was the ninth time Federer has won a match after dropping the opening two sets. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | New York | Posted: September 5, 2014 11:14 am | Updated: September 5, 2014 11:47 am
This is what ran through Roger Federer’s mind as he stood one point from losing to Gael Monfils in the U.S. Open quarterfinals:
“You got the back against the wall and hope to get a bit lucky. And you hope to play exactly the right shots that you need,” Federer explained. “Or that he completely just messes it up. Either way works, as long as you get out of it.”
Federer got out of it. Twice.
Steady as ever, even at 33, Federer saved two match points en route to coming all the way back from a two-set deficit, edging the 20th-seeded Monfils 4-6, 3-6, 6-4, 7-5, 6-2 on Thursday night to reach the semifinals at Flushing Meadows for the first time since 2011.
Frustrated by the Frenchman’s unpredictable style, flummoxed by the swirling wind, and missing shots he normally makes, Federer was on the verge of defeat while trailing 5-4 in the fourth set.
The 17-time major champion’s mind was racing.
“That is a very frustrating moment to be in. Being down match point, it’s just not fun, because you’re so close to leaving the court, head hanging down and … going to take a shower and going to have to do press and all that stuff, which is so annoying after you’ve lost,” Federer said.
“It’s hard to block it out, (but) you snap right back in, because you don’t have that much time,” he continued. “You’re like, `OK, let me try and hit a good serve. Let’s hope it works, because I don’t want to hit a second serve.’ All that kind of stuff. … I have to face it and embrace it.”
That he did.
With Federer serving at 15-40, Monfils had an opening for a backhand passing shot, but it flew long. At 30-40, Federer produced a forehand winner, and the crowd roared. Two points later, it was 5-all, and then Monfils double-faulted twice in a row to get broken.
Everything had changed, putting Federer on course to winning for the ninth time after dropping the opening two sets of a match.
“It came quick,” said Monfils, who said he felt physically and mentally drained late.
“It’s a matter of five minutes,” he said. “I think I was down (for) five minutes. Roger just (jumped) on me.”
Afterward, Federer credited the raucous support he heard in Arthur Ashe Stadium, saying the spectators “definitely got me through the match.”
“It grows your belief that you can hit better shots, you can dig out more tough balls, you can serve better. All that just helps solidify your belief,” Federer said. “I must say tonight was actually quite emotional for me.”
Monfils, 28, was trying to reach his second career Grand Slam semifinal. Instead, Federer advanced to his 36th, ninth at Flushing Meadows. Five of Federer’s major continued…

Delhi monthly urban per capita spending high...You are here: Home > Collections
Monthly urban per capita spending highest in Delhi
Shivendra Kumar Singh, ET Bureau Sep 6, 2014, 02.23AM IST
Tags:
Andhra Pradesh
(Monthly per capita expenditure…)
NEW DELHI: The average Delhiite tends to spend less on food than what would be spent nationally, though it's the most spendthrift among all the states. According to a report on household consumer expenditure from the Delhi Directorate of Economics & Statistics, monthly per capita expenditure in urban areas of Delhi is the highest among all states.
Urban Delhi has seen average per capita expenditure (MPCE) increase from Rs 2,905 during 2010 to Rs 3,842 in 2012, compared to a national average of Rs 2,630, according to the report prepared under National Sample Survey for July 2011-June 2012. It ranks Bihar's MPCE at Rs 1,507, followed by Uttar Pradesh (Rs 2,051) and Madhya Pradesh (Rs 2,058).
Gujarat (Rs 2,581) is at the sixth position after Haryana (Rs 3,817), Kerala (Rs 3,408), Punjab (Rs 2,704) and Tamil Nadu (Rs 2,622). For Delhi, monthly expenditure on food items was 39% while the remaining 61% was on non-food items. This is compared to national MPCE of 43% on food items and 57% on non-food items. Urban Delhi spent 11% on milk and milk products, 6% on cereals and pulses, 2% on edible oils, 5% on vegetables and 3% on fresh and dry fruits.
Per capita monthly consumption of wheat was 6.79 kg and 1.48 kg for rice, compared to 4.32 kg wheat and 4.66 kg rice consumed at the national level. Education was an area where Delhi spent the highest, at 8%, followed by 6% house rent. The report says about 64% — around 26.72 lakh of total households — of Delhi live in their own houses, whereas 34% or 14.44 lakh resided in rented/hired houses and 2% (0.88 lakh) in other categories.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi interacts with students on Teachers  Day  stresses on girl education'Taskmaster' PM Modi plays the role of headmaster
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 14:57 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:57 IST(6/9/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi turned teacher for a day on Friday, chatting with an auditorium full of schoolchildren and teachers, sharing his vision of education and, through it, nation building, and making them smile with anecdotes from his childhood.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Union minister Smriti Irani at the informal interation with teachers. (Photo courtesy: Twitter, @PMOIndia)
He also took questions from the 1,000 Delhi students who had packed the Manekshaw Centre for the Teachers’ Day programme and from many more across the country who’d tuned in via video conference.
Read: Three cheers ring out for ‘Modi Sir’ in UP madrasas
“Your style conveys the image of a headmaster. Are you tough like a headmaster or are you sweet,” asked a girl in the crowd. “I am a taskmaster. I work hard and extract hard work from others,” the PM replied as millions of students watched him on TV in their schools and homes.
 
Most schools in the Capital, and elsewhere in the country, had made it mandatory for students to be present for the live broadcast of the PM’s speech.
Watch: Best of PM Modi's Teacher's Day speech
Modi exhorted students to become responsible citizens, wondered why they weren’t interested in becoming teachers, thought aloud about India becoming a country that exports teachers. Urging the young to work and play, he said, “You should play and sweat a lot, at least four times a day. Promise you will do it.” He added, “Keep the child in you alive.”
Asked if he’d played pranks as a boy, the PM spoke about tempting shehnai players with tamarind to make their mouth water and stapling the clothes of couples at weddings.
When a boy from Imphal asked him what he had to do to become PM, he responded, “Start preparing for the 2024 elections… at least till then I am safe.” 
A teacher should not discriminate. All children belong to the teacher. And every child has some talents: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 5, 2014
Going back to a recurring theme, he spoke of the importance of educating girls, and building toilets for them in schools to stop them from dropping out. To a student from Port Blair, he said, “Serving the nation does not only mean doing grand things. Doing small things is a big service too. Remember to switch off the fan in your room when you leave, to turn off the taps as you brush your teeth, to keep your things tidy. It is these small things that help build a clean nation.”
When a visually impaired girl asked if he had ever thought he would one day become prime minister, he said, “I never even contested the election to become class monitor.”

NSUI wins Panjab University student union pollUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Chandigarh: Congress' student wing, the NSUI-led alliance dominated the Panjab University Campus Students' Council (PUCSC) election on Friday winning three out of four office bearers' post.
Divyanshu Budhiraja of the University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET), from the National Students Union of India (NSUI), was declared elected as president after a close fight with his nearest rival Anil Sharma of the PU Students Union (PUSU). Budhiraja won by 77 votes.
The NSUI won the post of vice president and secretary also. Its candidates Snigdha Bawa and Ankur Sehrawat won both these posts.
NSUI-led alliance dominated the Panjab University Campus Students' Council election winning three out of four office bearers' post.
The PUSU alliance won the post of joint secretary through its candidate Abhishek Thapar.
The PUSU came a close second in the counting of votes. The voting took place on Friday.
The declaration of results was delayed as votes were re-counted.
PU campus has a total of 14,204 students.
The NSUI had, in a first, won the post of the PUCSC president last year also with its candidate Chandan Rana elected as president.
The PU student council had earlier been dominated by the PUSU and Students of PU (SOPU).
The Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), which won the posts of vice president and secretary last year, failed to open its account this time.

Natwar Singh hails Narendra Modi governmentUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Kolkata: Former Congress leader K Natwar Singh on Friday praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his foreign policies and said he was yet to make a mistake.
"Three months is to early but I don't think he has made any mistake so far. He had great success in Japan, Brazil, he successfully visited Bhutan and Nepal, even China is also coming to India for a meet, so he has done nicely," he told media persons during the launch of his book.
The veteran diplomat however did not approve India's cancelling talks with Pakistan in the wake of serial ceasefire violations on the Line of Control in Jammu and Kashmir.
Natwar Singh on Friday praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his foreign policies and said he was yet to make a mistake.
Natwar Singh said: "Speaking as somebody who has spent a lifetime in foreign affairs, if I was Modi's advisor, I would have advised to postpone the secretary-level talks and not call them off.
"You have to start negotiating at some point of time. You can't always maintain a stand of no dialogue. It's a difficult relationship and Pakistan is going through a difficult time of their own making."
He also disapproved Pakistan cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan challenging his own government.
"Pakistan is going through a difficult time where its own government is being challenged. Khan was a great cricketer but I don't think he is an astute politician," he said.
The veteran politician also said Modi will not abrogate Article 370 even if the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has it in its manifesto.
He said: "Vajpayee didn't, Advani didn't and even Modi will also not abrogate Article 370.
"Governing Gujarat is different from governing the country. From Gandhinagar you have one view of India and from Delhi it's another. So he is gonna find out the facts of political life at the level of a prime minister."
Natwar Singh also hailed Modi's decision to scrap the planning panel, saying it was long overdue.

Grain Mostly Higher  Livestock HigherAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Remembering Joan RiversComedian Joan Rivers speaks to reporters at the awards ceremony for the 11th Annual Mark Twain Prize on November 10, 2008 in Washington, DC. (Photo by Brendan Hoffman/Getty Images)
Can we talk?
About Joan Rivers?
I have my own Joan Rivers story to share, one that shows a kinder, gentler side of the caustic-tongued comedienne.
In 1988 during a business trip to New York City, while walking back to my hotel room after seeing a now-forgotten show, I saw a crowd gathered outside of the Broadhurst Theatre on West 44th Street.
As I got closer, I was surprised to see Rivers in the center of adoring fans. She had replaced Linda Lavin as Kate in “Broadway Bound,” the final show in Neil Simon’s semi-autobiographical trilogy.
Unabashedly star-struck, I waited at the edge of the crowd, watching her smile and laugh and sign autographs. A tiny woman, she seemed tireless and relentlessly upbeat. She eventually noticed me, and I asked if she minded signing my Playbill, apologizing that it was from another show.
“I promise I’ll come see you,” I told her.
And she graciously signed my program. That’s not what impressed me, though. It was the fact that this woman, already a star, was taking the time each night after a couple of hours on a Broadway stage to come out and spend time with her fans.
I kept my promise and saw “Broadway Bound.” It wasn’t as funny as other Neil Simon comedies; Kate, played by Rivers, is almost a tragic figure, a woman whose husband has cheated on her. As Clive Barnes  wrote about Kate  in The New York Post: “It is the portrait of a woman who lost much in life.”
Looking back, that also describes Rivers at the time. It was just a year after her own life had fallen apart : Husband Edgar Rosenberg had overdosed on pills, her show on Fox had tanked, and she’d lost her long-time friendship with Johnny Carson.
Carson had told her during an appearance on “The Tonight Show” that she would become a star, and she was eventually designated his permanent guest host.  Many thought she was the heiress apparent to replace Carson when he retired. Until the unfortunate decision to do a show that competed with him.
Otherwise, a woman might have finally broken into the late-night network-television boys’ club. (We’re still waiting, by the way.)
But she broke plenty of other ground for women, said Heidi Ewing , who interviewed Rivers for the PBS documentary, “MAKERS: Women in Comedy,” that she and Rachel Grady produced and directed.
Although Phyllis Diller and Moms Mabley were among the first female stand up comics, they played characters, Ewing told me. “Joan was herself,” Ewing said. “She wasn’t playing a character. The person you saw was actually the woman. She was completely fearless.”
Rivers spoke the truth — when she was allowed to. During her first appearance on the Ed Sullivan show, she was eight months pregnant, Ewing said. But Rivers couldn’t say the word “pregnant.” Instead, she told Sullivan she would soon “be hearing the pitter patter of little feet.”
Even in some of the strip clubs where she performed, she was considered “outrageous” and rather than face the audiences when leaving, Rivers would grab her purse and climb out her dressing room window.
Yet she was too busy in those days, she told Ewing in the interview, to consider herself a feminist, turning it into a joke and saying she couldn’t spell the word.
She said what she thought. “Joan was dangerous” because of that, Ewing said. “You didn’t know what she was going to say next.”
No kidding. She caught flak for her comments in recent months, and I can’t say I agreed with her.
But I admire the respect she showed for her audience that night in 1988 outside of a Broadway theatre, and I admire the tenacity and perseverance she needed to get to where she was.
She’d reached icon status. “We use the word ‘icon’ too much,” Ewing said. “But she fit the bill in a major way.”
1 of 32

NORAD scrambled fighter jets to unresponsive plane  and its live-tweeting it.UPDATE: 2:20 p.m.: The plane is linked to a real estate company in New York state:
Unresponsive Plane Linked To Real Estate Company CEO http://t.co/U96fG8LKy2
— Alex Fitzpatrick (@AlexJamesFitz) September 5, 2014
UPDATE: 2:28 p.m.: FlightAware’s tracker shows the plane may have changed course again:
This map shows a plane that appears to have diverted from its course on Friday, Sept. 5, and nearing Cuban airspace. (FlightAware screen grab)
UPDATE: 2:35 p.m.: The plane has crashed in Jamaica, the Associated Press is reporting:
MIAMI (AP) _ Jamaican officials say unresponsive US plane has crashed on the island.
— Phil Elliott (@Philip_Elliott) September 5, 2014
BREAKING: Jamaican officials say unresponsive US plane has crashed on the island.
— The Associated Press (@AP) September 5, 2014
UPDATE, 3 p.m.:
— The Associated Press (@AP) September 5, 2014
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=world/national-security, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409938564/1409938564000/1409938564 tracking: {authors=Dan Lamothe, blog_name=checkpoint, content_category=World/national-security, in_url_headline=norad-scrambled-fighter-jets-to-unresponsive-plane-and-its-live-tweeting-it, post_id=3888, section={section=world/national-security, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 5:36:04 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 5:36:04 PM

Wearable Technology Goes CoutureHer necklace might be from the future.
Photo by Frazer Harrison/Getty Images for Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week
This article originally appeared in Inc .
All those Clydesdale struts down runways this coming week will be measured by more than just the approving nods they earn from certain magazine editors and boutique buyers, because this is the year wearable tech goes couture. Or at least makes a concerted attempt.
Advertisement
A dozen or more wearable companies—among them Intel, Fitbit, and Google Glass—are forging partnerships with fashion brands to earn time on the runways at New York Fashion Week, which begins today and runs through September 11. Similar companies aim for fashion week visibility through novel marketing moves, such as appearing in models' Instagram feeds. It's the next generation of the 2012 Google Glass-Diane von Furstenberg partnership , which saw bespectacled models on the runways, and Google co-founder Sergey Brin seated in the front row of the Lincoln Center show.
Perhaps the mainstream collision of fashion and tech is overdue. If you visited a classroom at New York's FIT, or a graduate student showcase at New York University's Interactive Telecommunications Program over the past few years, you'd have seen prototypes of LED-powered skirts and dresses, hats and other headwear—even backpacks!—and bracelets and rings equipped with cameras, trackers, and other chip-powered embellishments.
Already the runways have seen wearable technologies that sync with one's smartphone--but that don't necessarily fit into the "quantified self" movement of biometric tracking. They're more for peacocking than fitness monitoring. A London fashion house, CuteCircuit , designs light-up dresses, skirts, and jackets for women, which can be controlled through an iPhone app. (You may have seen such glowing garments on Katy Perry or U2.)  The company's show is one of the very first of this year's fashion week, and you can expect plenty of buzz.
According to a  study  by tech-research firm IDC, nearly 20 million wearable devices will be shipped worldwide in 2014. That number is expected to climb to more than 100 million in four years' time. That's a lot of awkward plastic-y armbands. But if the fashion world has anything to say about it, that look might get a lot more graceful. 
Marie Claire creative director Nina Garcia called wearing a fitness tracker "a badge of honor, whether you're healthy or not," in the Wall Street Journal recently. And just last week, tech and fashion debuted a combined effort at the U.S. Open tennis championships. The product: A Ralph Lauren sports shirt, with knitted-in sensors that can read the wearer's heartbeat and respiration. It looks—on the surface, like a fitted black crew-neck shirt. Upon close inspection, a band of thicker fabric mid-torso is apparent, and it houses a Bluetooth transmitter, an accelerometer, and a gyroscope by OMSignal , a biometric-tracker company. 
Much of Silicon-Valley tech's toeing the runways this year is not so much about standing out as about blending in.
"Wearables need to take account for varying tastes, not least between genders," Nick Spencer with ABI Research told the Washington Post. "One size, or even design form—touch-screen designs, for example—doesn't fit all as it does to a much larger degree in consumer electronics. Designers need to play a key role here."
BaubleBar's co-founder put it less subtly in an interview with the New York Times: "There's a reason we all make fun of someone wearing a Bluetooth or a BlackBerry holster. Is it useful? Of course it is. Do I look like a tool? Yeah. I'm not going to wear it."
We've already seen fitness-tracker bracelets go from tech-gaudy to approach wearability in non-gym settings. Nike this year released the FuelBand SE with embellishments nodding to aesthetics, rather than athletics: gold, rose gold, and silver. The Basis watch—beloved by techies, but frankly clunky-looking—debuted a leather strap and slightly more stylish chrome frame this year. It's called Carbon Steel . The Misfit Shine —a sleep and fitness tracker—is being marketed as not just a workout companion, fit to clip onto a swimsuit or basketball kicks, but also as a sleek accessory: Pin it to your tux or don it as a pendant on a necklace with that gown. (It comes in not just black and silver, but also an array of colors one might find in an Anthropologie catalog, such as "coral," "wine," and "sea glass.")
What we'll see on the runways this year is a bit of embellishment on these themes. Fitbit, the Jolly Rancher-sized fitness tracker that's worn as either a bracelet or a clip-on, has been collaborating with luxury brand Tory Burch. Together, they have created a small golden cage for the Fitbit that doubles as a pendant for a necklace, and a similar Fitbit cage for the wrist, in the form of a hinged metal bracelet, which retails for $195. (A silicone bracelet, available in pink or blue, is $38.) Look out for these  on models at Tory Burch's September 9 show.
Not all these wearables are for measuring one's heart-rate and daily footsteps. A fascinating collaboration between Intel and noted New York-based fashion brand Opening Ceremony, along with the Council of Fashion Designers of America and Barneys, is resulting in a device that appears inspired by Dynasty colliding with Sherlock Holmes. From the outside, it's a large, stone-encrusted metal cuff. Open it up, and it reveals a curved display, useful for "communications purposes," according to Ayse Ildeniz, Intel's head of business development and strategy for its New Devices Group. 
If that sounds cryptic, it is: Intel is debuting the bracelet on the runway of the Opening Ceremony show at Fashion Week, but it isn't releasing the exact purpose of the bracelet-shaped communications device yet. However, Ildeniz told Inc. that it may be most useful for reading one's social-news feeds and being "in touch with your loved ones." The device uses radio waves to communicate, so it requires no smartphone pairing. It already has a name, though: Mica, an acronym for "my intelligent communications accessory."
Ildeniz said for Intel, the partnership with fashion brands was a significant learning experience, one in which Intel let the designers lead, in order to focus on not just the technology, but also what consumers actually want from an aesthetic perspective.
"If we are to make wearables available to not just a few people, but to hundreds of millions of people, our philosophy is that the fashion industry needs to be in the drivers seat, not technology," she said.
Google Glass has been working with massive eyewear-maker Luxottica to design more mainstream-looking face computers. And Google's relationship with Diane von Furstenberg is deepening: It launched a collection called "DVF | Made for Glass" that includes five styles sold on website Net-a-Porter for roughly $1,500 to $1,800 each.
Far off the runway—but with auspicious timing—is Apple. The company made Sept. 9 its official launch date, for what's widely expected to be a new iPhone and also its hotly-anticipated smart watch. That date, of course, lands the event right in the middle of fashion week, albeit at the company's headquarters in Cupertino, California. (Critics speculate that what's been dubbed the "iWatch" may actually be more of a fashion accessory for the iPhone that provides extra health and fitness information to its wearer.)
Perhaps closest to something women might buy due to a perfect mix of its aesthetic appeal and technological usefulness is a Rebecca Minkoff bracelet that's debuting this week. It's one of several accessories the brand is announcing that will double as USB caves and cell-phone notification accessories. They're also relatively affordable: $40 to $120.
Still, these are no Harry Winston-level jewels. (Although, in fairness, a French jewelry designer who's worked with both Harry Winston and Louis Vuitton worked also on an attractive—and sparkly!— bracelet for tracking sun exposure, by tech company Netatmo.) While we'll see plenty of Tory Burch, Intel, and Fitbit armbands on the runways, and in fashion-magazine pages, it may still be years before a biometric device truly becomes a fashion statement—if it ever does. 

Ukraine agrees ceasefire with rebels© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9a53569c-34cd-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India N-powered with Oz uranium agreementApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

India story is intact  even with inflation cloud  says Raghuram RajanApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

HC says farmers have first rights on mills sugar salesApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Lenders to Keralas bar hotels fret over liquor policyApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

IMD rules out drought on narrowing rain deficitApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Speaker Sumitra Mahajan to present RNG Awards on Sep 9  Mariane Pearl to deliver first memorial lectureLok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan will be chief guest at the function.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 1:43 am | Updated: September 6, 2014 9:48 am
It is never easy deciding the extraordinary from the works of extraordinary journalists. But that is precisely what the Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards have come to represent — a benchmark of excellence, acknowledging the best in Indian journalism, print and broadcast, and in all languages.
The seventh edition of the awards, instituted by The Express Group in the memory of its founder and now the most coveted annual event in the Indian media calendar, will be held in New Delhi on Tuesday, September 9.
Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan, who will be chief guest at the function, will present the awards for outstanding work done in 2011 and 2012. The winners have been chosen by an eminent jury from nominations in 15 categories.
Capping the event will be the First Ramnath Goenka Memorial Lecture by Mariane Pearl, an extraordinary individual and journalist herself. Her husband and Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl was brutally killed by militants in Pakistan in 2002 — the execution last month of two American journalists in similar manner by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) was a chilling reminder of the dangers reporters face in conflict zones.
Accepting the invitation to deliver the lecture, Pearl said: “Nowadays courage is associated with bravery, the pursuit of breaking news amid danger. But there is another type of courage exemplified by Shri Ramnath Goenka. One that doesn’t equate to recklessness. One that requires humility and a fierce determination to grow enough as an individual to redeem the world its complexity and thus speak the truth. It is an honour to speak in memory of his achievements.” The subject of her lecture couldn’t be more relevant: ‘Telling Truth in Time of War’.
An award-winning journalist and writer who works in French, English and Spanish, Pearl is the Managing Editor of Chime for Change, a global journalism platform which highlights powerful stories about girls and women, the potential of individuals to bring change.
“Mariane Pearl represents courage, determination and resolve, qualities that The Express Group recognises and strives to achieve in meeting the high standards set by its founder. Her acceptance of our invitation to deliver the First Ramnath Goenka Memorial Lecture is a fitting tribute to the memory of the man who remained fiercely independent, adversarial in his pursuit of excellence,” a spokesperson for the Ramnath Goenka Memorial Foundation said.
The awards pay tribute to journalists from print and broadcast who maintain the highest standards of their profession even in the face of political and economic pressures, who produce work that underline the values of good journalism — excellence and enterprise, courage and fairness.

Tracking Sinhas guests: they visited just as their cases heated upPrint
Written by Ritu Sarin , Appu Esthose Suresh | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 1:41 am | Updated: September 6, 2014 8:37 am
A scrutiny of entry and exit logs at the New Delhi residence of CBI director Ranjit Sinha shows a pattern in the visits by a range of individuals: the frequency with which these individuals called on Sinha increased as CBI investigations against them or their close associates picked up pace.
The Indian Express in its editions of Thursday and Friday reported that Sinha’s visitors included corporate officials and politicians, as well as several lesser known individuals. Registers from May 2013 to August 2014, scrutinised by The Indian Express, appear to indicate that some individuals visited the house well over 100 times during this time.
Sinha has questioned the authenticity of the logs, and alleged “mischief from inside”. He has said that he would continue to keep his doors open to visitors, and would “see what the government can do”.
Some individuals whose visits to the CBI director’s residence raise questions of conflict of interest:
Mahendra Nahata: 71 visits. His name figures on the first day for which the guest log is available — May 2, 2013. His last visit to Sinha’s residence, 2 Janpath, was on August 2, 2014, a few days before the logs end.
Nahata, the promoter of HFCL and co-promoter of Datacom, was questioned by the CBI in connection with the 2G spectrum scam in 2011, but no chargesheet was eventually filed against either the companies or their promoters. Nahata had floated Datacom in partnership with Venugopal Dhoot of Videocon. Datacom was originally at No. 6 in the list of applicants, but former telecom minister A Raja’s first come, first served policy allowed it to pay ahead of others and move up the queue. CBI had alleged it had used “insider information” to pay before others.
Deepak Talwar: 54 visits, whose frequency increased in 2013 when CBI was pursuing a Preliminary Enquiry (PE) against him. The PE was ultimately closed.
Talwar is a well-known consultant in Delhi, whose name figured in the tapped conversations of former corporate lobbyist Niira Radia. He was named in one of 16 matters which CBI told the Supreme Court needed to be probed further. CBI called Talwar a “middleman” active in the aviation sector. When contacted, Talwar declined to comment.
Vijay Dadra and his son Devendra Dadra: The logbooks suggest that Congress MP Vijay Dadra visited Sinha’s residence on one occasion; his son on six occasions.
Both men were named as accused in the chargesheet filed by the CBI in the coal block allocation case on March 27, 2014. The CBI alleged in its FIR that Nagpur-based AMR Iron and Steel — with which Devendra was involved — had in its application “fraudulently” concealed the fact that companies of their group had earlier got five coal blocks. In April, CBI is understood to have recommended closure of at least two coal cases involving the Dadras.
Subodh Kant Sahay: Visited the CBI director’s residence on February 13, 2014. Sahay had had to resign as tourism minister after allegations that the Ravanwara North coal block had been allocated to a company to continued…

Didis class act: Media teaches lies  students must not read  watch themChief Minister Mamata Banerjee during the Teachers Day organised by School Education Depertment, Government of West Bengal at Netaji Indoor Stadium on Friday. (Source: Express photo by Subham Dutta)
Written by Madhuparna Das | Kolkata | Posted: September 6, 2014 1:39 am
Before Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the students nationwide on the occasion of Teachers’ Day, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee held a class of her own at the Netaji Indoor Stadium on Friday afternoon, imparting a few lessons to thousands of students who had assembled.
And the crux of her message to the schoolchildren of various classes  was: “Beware of the media. It is out to malign and destroy our government and the society.”
In an address that lasted over an hour, the media repeatedly figured in the Chief Minister’s line of attack.
“It contributes nothing to society and plays only a destructive role by spreading lies. West Bengal is going through a dark phase (as) a section of the media is running a smear campaign against it. Earlier, the media was considered as the mirror of society but, sadly, it is not performing its duty now. It has crossed all limits,” she said.
Mamata continued: “The media does not even wait to see whether the accused are real culprits or not. (On the other hand) we do not engage in malicious propaganda and character assassination. We lead our lives with head held high,” she said, in what appeared to be a reference to recent reports on the Saradha scam in which several of her party leaders are either being interrogated or are under scrutiny.
Without taking Saradha’s name, Mamata said if out of 100 mangoes in a basket, one is found rotten, then it does not mean the rest of them are rotten, too. “Only the rotten one has to be discarded.”
If PM Modi had students in the audience, Mamata’s was attended by teachers with several of them being felicitated and at least 40 schools returning home with awards for best performance.
Pointing at the gallery where students were seated, the CM said, “I wish you all become successful engineers, doctors and teachers”, advising them against “reading and watching lies” (in newspapers and channels).

With Wood IntentionsMohammad Ayyub at work on a block of wood. (Source: Express photo by Mohammad Ayyub at work on a block of wood)
Written by Nidhi Sinha | Posted: September 6, 2014 1:29 am | Updated: September 8, 2014 3:33 pm
Qazi dekha, mulla dekha
Auron ko baikunth batave
Aap narak me sarka
While the 15th-century poet Kabir wrote these lines in Braj, Mohammad Ayyub writes or rather carves them in Arabic on wooden blocks. The 70-year-old has done several experiments in calligraphy, besides engraving the ayats (religious lines), which is what traditional calligraphy largely constituted. He has carved the names of leaders like Jawaharlal Nehru and Gandhi, of sportsmen, and couplets from Kabir, alongwith lyrics of other ghazals. He has also carved letters of the English, Hindi, Urdu, Kannada and Tamil alphabet, apart from making traditional motifs on wooden blocks.
Ayyub has few calligraphy pieces to show in his house in Shaheen Bagh, but a file contains numerous motifs. Fluttering mynahs, parrots and peacocks, and galloping tigers carry hidden messages in Arabic. A small mynah with the message, ‘Trust in God’, costs about Rs 200, while a lion with names of cricketers and politicians hidden in it could cost up to Rs 800. “We use sheesham wood from Farrukhabad (in Uttar Pradesh). There are people who cut trees horizontally, the way we want, but then it’s very expensive,” says Jamila, his wife.
The surface has to be rubbed and smoothened, which is a long process. The pieces are left to dry for a year or two. The motifs are first drawn on the surface, before the final carving can begin. Large square blocks have several motifs carved on it, which are then cut into smaller blocks.
“But buyers for these blocks are rare. Koi jaankaar hi khareedna chahega (Only people who know about it, will buy it). Even our regular blocks with motifs for handmade fabric printing do not have too many buyers,” says Ayyub. Few businesses in handmade printing bring orders, but they sell mostly at exhibitions. “Yeh to ab bas shauk aur khandaan ka kam chalaane ki baat hai (Now it’s just about interest and about continuing the family legacy),” says Jamila, in her early 60s.
“There was a time when we spent Rs 800 and the whole house would be full of wood. Now even at Rs 2 lakh, we may just get about half of that quantity,” says Ayyub, who lives with his five sons. They know the skill but are into the furniture business and don’t seem inclined to continue the family tradition. “Yeh to bahut mushkil mamala hai (It’s very tough),” she says.
Ayyub is the fifth generation of calligraphers. He claims that wooden block craftsmen across the country have learnt the art from his forefathers.
It was a research scholar working with the Crafts Museum in Delhi who found him in Farrukhabad. After several invitations to showcase his work at exhibitions in Delhi, continued…

Bodies of 2 minor girls found hanging in AssamPrint
Express News Service | Silchar | Posted: September 6, 2014 1:22 am
Bodies of two minor girls, both school students, were found hanging from a tree at a village in Assam’s Karimganj district, police said Friday.
The bodies of the girls — one a Class X student and the other a Class IX student — were hanging from a tree at Dalgram village in Nilambazaar police station area Thursday.
After an initial investigation, the bodies were sent for post mortem to Silchar Medical College Hospital Friday, a senior police official said.No arrest has been made yet and security was tightened in and around the village to prevent any untoward incident, the police official said.

People want to eat food  not storiesChef Gagan Anand (Source: Exress photo by Ajnavi Tarannum)
Written by Shantanu David | Posted: September 6, 2014 1:22 am | Updated: September 8, 2014 3:25 pm
Chef Gaggan Anand pioneered ‘Progressive Indian Cuisine’ at his eponymous Bangkok restaurant, applying scientific cooking techniques to Indian street food. Today Gaggan is numbered among the world’s best restaurants and through its cuisine is prompting a paradigm shift in how the world views Indian food. We catch up with Anand in Delhi, as he arrives for his first ever pop-up at Cellar Door Kitchen in the ITC Maurya. Anand demystifies the Gaggan model and talks about his vision. Excerpts:
Early Days
When we started Gaggan near the end of 2010, everyone called us fools. Today, they’re chasing after our success. But it was difficult in the beginning. I poured all my money into the restaurant, friends and partners invested as well. I didn’t take home any salary in the first year, and survived on credit cards and petty cash loans. When we started we were doing what our guests wanted, because the thought of all that money invested was quite a burden and I wanted to repay my partners as soon as possible. We managed to get a return on our investment within 18 months.
The Menu
Our menu is constantly evolving with the conception of a dish taking anywhere from two hours to two years. Today, Gaggan has no a la carte menu, we have three tasting menus with courses ranging from 15 to 22. The menus change every two months, though we do retain some classic items such as Chowpati Year 2050 (a space age twist on bhel puri), Indian Foie Gras (good old bheja fry) and truffle cappuccino, which will be there until Gaggan closes its doors. We’re also constructing a lab kitchen, which will seat 10 guests and serve as a private dining area for those who want to see the R&D that goes into making our dishes. Once the lab kitchen is ready, we’ll only be doing a 22-course tasting menu. I want my food to seduce without being seduced, with some of the courses being bite-sized so that guests get just a taste of this amazing thing and that’s it, they have to move on to the next course.
Money Matters
Some restaurants make money, some restaurants win awards; Gaggan is in the latter category. We don’t have a high profit margin and we end up re-investing returns in the restaurant, as is the case with the new kitchen lab. Our running costs are pretty high and because the purpose of Gaggan is to expose people to new sensations and not turn a quick buck, we also have to keep our prices reasonable. That’s something Ferran (Adria, considered to be the father of scientific cooking) taught me; despite El Bulli being the world’s best restaurant in its time, he was actually running at a loss of five Euros a diner. So I don’t expect Gaggan to make money. I think continued…

Encroachment of footpath: Centre  states get SC noticesPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 1:20 am
The Supreme Court Friday issued notice to the Centre and all states seeking their response on steps taken by them to remove encroachment of pavements and footpath, and enabling free flow of pedestrians’ traffic. The court granted 10 weeks for their response on a PIL seeking its direction to frame guidelines for removing such encroachment.
The PIL was filed by Dhanesh Ieshdhan, chairman of NGO ‘Voice of India’. He submitted that the encroachment is putting the lives of pedestrians in danger and is a constant source of annoyance for the public when they find public places blocked and encroached by vehicles and hawkers.     ENS

Four youths on way to join ISIS detainedPrint
Express News Service | Hyderabad | Posted: September 6, 2014 1:19 am
Four engineering college dropouts from Hyderabad, it has been learnt, were recently detained by the police in Kolkata while on their way to Iraq via Bangladesh for allegedly joining the rank of Sunni jihadist group ISIS.
Officers of the Special Branch in Hyderabad were apparently alerted by the parents of two of the four youths after they became suspicious of their sons’ activities. The four youths, all aged between 23 and 25, were let-off after they were brought to Hyderabad where a team of officials counselled them for several hours.
The police did not register any case against them and have also withheld their names. “I can neither confirm nor deny this incident,’’ said Joint Commissioner of Police B M Reddy.
However, it has been learnt, that the four engineering college dropouts had separately told their parents that they were going to Bangalore in search for jobs, but started giving evasive replies when they received calls from their parents on mobile phones.
The police tracked their cellphones to Malda in West Bengal, and they were detained there while allegedly trying to cross over to Bangladesh from where they wanted to go to Iraq to join ISIS. The youths, however, had no clue how would reach Iraq, and ascertained that they were on their own and were not guided by anyone.
The four told the policemen that they were influenced by the ISIS propaganda on social networking sites and decided to join the jihadist group.
However, Muslim leaders here believe it was a case of mistaken identity. “First, we don’t believe this story. If at all the youths were detained, I think they were on their way to Bangladesh border to purchase duplicate cigarettes, pan masalas and other stuff which are available very cheap there,” said Amjed Ullah Khan of Majlis Bachao Tehreek.

ECB cuts rates: What the new move means for the worldasset purchase
(The success of the ECB’s strategy,…)
NEW YORK: In announcing a new round of extraordinary measures to support the euro-area recovery, the European Central Bank (ECB) is sending three loud and unambiguous messages. Their implications extend well beyond Europe.
First, it is committed to experimenting even more with its use of unconventional monetary policy, including by taking the deposit rate even more negative and starting a program to purchase asset-backed securities.
Second, it is positioning itself for full scale quantitative easing but on the condition that European governments show more flexibility on fiscal policy and put into place the structural reforms needed to support healthy growth. Third, it isn't too worried about a multi-track world of central banking, in which its policy loosening contrasts with moves by the US Federal Reserve, the other systemically important central bank, to remove monetary stimulus.
The ECB's moves come in the context of legitimate concerns about the momentum of Europe's already sluggish economic recovery. They are a part of a broader policy framework with four elements: Force down bond yields and interest rates, hoping that this sup-ports jobs and growth by restor-ing proper credit flow throughout the monetary union.
If this doesn't work fast enough, repeat with more aggressive use of bond purchases, hoping also to promote export growth by weaken-ing the currency.
Pressure governments, both privately and publicly, to implement much-needed measures to promote growth and avert deflation. In all this, hope that costs and risks of experimental monetary policies don't overwhelm their benefits. The success of the ECB's strategy, and its impact on the rest of the world, depend heavily on the extent to which European governments do their part. And the longer these governments dither, the greater the risks.
In the short-term, the ECB's extraordinary measures are likely to affect other countries mainly through financial channels rather than providing what the world really needs more robust and durable European economic growth. This will create challenges, putting conflicting pressure on interest rates, artificially boosting equity prices, causing currencies to appreciate relative to the euro, and contributing to global foreign exchange market volatility.
From Switzerland and the US to China and other Asian economies, such spillover effects will complicate efforts to stimulate genuine growth and also heighten the risk of financial market instability down the road.
ECB President Mario Draghi's ultimate objective is to get European governments to do what their economies desperately need to promote dura-ble growth and job creation. He knows that the ECB's proper role is to support rather than lead the policy parade. To succeed, he needs governments to temporarily ease fiscal consolidation and do more to im-prove the functioning of labour markets, foster competition, overhaul tax systems, improve infrastructure and generally enhance the business environment.
The immediate impact of the ECB's latest actions will be felt around the world, but not yet in a fashion that is both desirable and sustainable. The ECB and the global economy desperately need European governments to respond constructively.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Narendra Modi shouldn t be blamed for 2002 riots in Gujarat: Australian PMGujarat riots
(Elaborating his thoughts…)
NEW DELHI: Australian PM Tony Abbott has said Modi as Gujarat CM should not be blamed for the riots in the state as he was just a "presiding officer" who has been cleared in "endless inquiries".
"There has been endless inquiries into this and Mr Modi has always been cleared. That certainly is good enough for me," Abbott said in an interview to a TV channel. Abbott said he accepted that sometimes "we" (leaders) are presiding when terrible things happen.
"I don't believe the presiding officer should be blamed just because something terrible happens... over which he is presiding," he said. "He struck out some good friendships in Australia and he has quite a cheer squad in Australia.
There was tremendous enthusiasm for him and for the change of government among the half-a-million strong Indian community," he said, adding that even Australian politicians were "convinced" that Modi was going to bring about a "real fresh breath of air" to the government and the economy of India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Slow governance led to growth decline: Raghu...environment
(In the first quarter of 2014-15…)
NEW DELHI: Attributing decline in economic growth to "slow governance" and faulty allocation of natural resources, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has said GDP will improve to 7 per cent in next three years on back of political stability.
"The sharp slowdown in GDP from 8-9 per cent growth to 4-5 per cent in the last two years was caused by issues such as environment and land acquisition problems, delays in withdrawal of fiscal and monetary stimulus, irregularities around allocation of natural resources and slow governance," a Citi report quoted Rajan as saying.
Rajan had addressed a group of investors in Boston yesterday.
"On the back of political stability, improved business and investment climate, GDP growth is poised to improve towards 7 per cent over the next three years," he said.
India's economic growth has slipped to sub-5 per cent in 2013-14 and 2012-13 fiscals. In the current financial year, RBI estimates the growth to be 5.5 per cent.
In the first quarter of 2014-15 fiscal, the GDP improved to 5.7 per cent, from 4.6 per cent in the corresponding period a year ago.
Referring to the recent judgement of the Supreme Court on coal block allocation, Rajan said it "may create uncertainty in the short term, but long term, it is a positive development".
As regards the inflation, he said it is still high because of supply side rigidities. "Food inflation is a source of discomfort and given the sub-par monsoon this year, there is a need to keep an eye on food inflation," he said.
Food inflation in July stood at 8.43 per cent. The retail inflation was 7.96 per cent and WPI inflation was 5.19 per cent.
The RBI targets to contain retail inflation at 8 per cent this year and 6 per cent by next year through a sound monetary policy framework.
Rajan said, barring unforeseen external macro shocks, containment of the Current Account Deficit (CAD) and fiscal consolidation is likely to continue.
"Fiscal slippage has been arrested, but the quality of the deficit could be improved - particularly on the subsidy rationalisation and capital expenditure front," he said.
The government aims to bring down fiscal deficit to 4.1 per cent this fiscal. The CAD, which is the difference between inflow and outflow of foreign exchange, narrowed sharply to $ 7.8 billion (1.7 per cent of GDP) in the first quarter of the 2014-15 fiscal. It was $ 21.8 billion (4.8 per cent of GDP) in the year-ago period.
Rajan said RBI considers it prudent to be prepared for the eventual exit from low rates.
Rajan's vision for India's banking system involves a more competitive banking structure.
Stressing that India needs more banks, he said that the RBI was a little more conservative in the current round of licensing, given that it was timed around the elections.
The RBI, he said, will come out with a framework on the NBFC sector, which needs to complement the banking sector.
PSU banks, he said, constitute 70 per cent of the total banking sector assets.
"The government needs to improve the governance of PSU banks before it can reduce its stake in them," Rajan said.
To facilitate greater participation of foreign banks, the RBI might relook at priority sector lending norms, he said, adding one possible solution could involve domestic banks doing more agriculture lending and foreign banks doing more SME lending.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sania Mirza and Bruno Soares win US Open mixed doubles titleSania Mirza, Bruno Soares win US Open mixed doubles title
PTI
New York, September 05, 2014
First Published: 23:19 IST(5/9/2014)
print
Indian tennis ace Sania Mirza clinched her third mixed doubles Grand Slam title as she and her partner Bruno Soares overcame a few anxiuous moments in the match tie break to win the US Open on Friday.
The top seeded Indo-Brazilian pair squandered five straight championship points before scoring a 6-1 2-6 11-9 win over Abigail Spears from the USA and Santiago Gonzalez from Mexico in exactly 60 minutes.
Bruno Soares and Sania Mirza pose for photos with the championship trophy after defeating Abigail Spears and Santiago Gonzalez in the mixed doubles final of the 2014 US Open tennis tournament.(AP Photo)
Spears sent a backhand volley long after making it 9-9 from 4-9, as Sania and Soares heaved a sigh of relief.
It was first time that Sania and Soares were playing together as a pair.
"Playing with him is a lot of fun. He did not play with me all these years not sure why?," Sania gushed after the win and confirmed that the pairing will continue for the Australian Open.
Sania Mirza and Bruno Soares react after defeating Abigail Spears and Santiago Gonzalez in the mixed doubles final. (AP Photo)
Sania's previous titles came with compatriot Mahesh Bhupathi. They won Australian Open in 2009 and French Open in 2012.
The 27-year old had reached the Australian Open mixed doubles final this year also but ended runners-up with Romanian partner Horea Tecau.
Sania played well in the women's doubles also, making the semifinals with Zimbabwe's Cara Black.

Cong wants fighting leaders to shut upCong wants fighting leaders to shut up
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times   New Delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 23:59 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 00:56 IST(6/9/2014)
Comments
The Congress on Friday formally issued a gag order to both the seniors as well as young leaders of the party, asking them to refrain from making public statements about party affairs and giving advice to the leadership through the media.
“I am sure that all colleagues will take their views with due sensitivity. I am issuing separate letters to them also advising that in future they should refrain from giving such advice publicly through the media,” Dwivedi said in his letter.
Dwivedi, who himself courted controversy with his suggestion that leaders over 65 years should not hold important organisational posts, forwarded the letter signed by 14 AICC secretaries to both the young and senior leaders, including general secretaries and Congress Working Committee members, along with his advisory.
The secretaries had expressed concern over public statements of some senior leaders regarding the party affairs which had hurt the interests of the organisation in an apparent reference to general secretary Digvijaya Singh’s statement that Rahul Gandhi’s silence on critical issues had contributed to the Congress’ loss in the “war of perception”.
However, Congress spokesman Salman Khurshid officially denied that the party had issued any gag order. “I don’t think it (letter by secretaries) was in the form or nature of disagreement. Since the media is not getting much news from BJP, it is getting more interested in this letter,” he said.
“No one has violated discipline. People are on the same side. They are on the same page,” he added. Dismissing suggestions that some seniors have been ticked off, he said, “Many ideas come, which everybody shares.”

SC rebukes HC on Salman: The law is same for allComments
The Supreme Court on Friday took strong exception to Rajasthan high court suspending actor Salman Khan’s conviction in the blackbuck hunting case and said the law is same for all the convicts.
“Just because you are an actor or have to go to UK for a shooting doesn’t mean conviction can be stayed. There should be no discrimination vis-à-vis all convicts,” a bench headed by justice SJ Mukopadhyaya told Salman’s lawyer who said the actor sought suspension as UK wasn’t granting him visa.
Under the criminal law, a convict punished with a jail term of three years can get the sentence suspended on filing an appeal against the conviction order. This saves him from going to jail until his appeal is pending.
However, suspension of conviction is a rarity. It removes the taint altogether while the appeal is pending. The last case in which conviction was suspended was of BJP leader Navjot Singh Sidhu.
In Salman’s case suspension of conviction would not require him to mention about the case when applying for a visa or any other document.

Alibaba to raise up to $21.1bn in IPOLast updated: September 6, 2014 12:51 am
Alibaba eyes valuation of up to $163bn
By Nicole Bullock in New York, Sarah Mishkin in San Francisco and Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b141a554-3511-11e4-a2c2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alstom subsidiary faces corruption chargesLast updated: September 5, 2014 10:24 pm
Alstom accused of bribing officials to win contracts
By Caroline Binham, Legal Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e0e6dbe0-351a-11e4-a2c2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Biggest-ever Alibaba IPO gets $160B valueBy: Matt Krantz and Jessica Guynn September 5, 2014 11:57 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
The Chinese Internet company Alibaba disclosed terms of its massive upcoming IPO, putting the wheels in motion for it to launch its “roadshow” next week and woo investors in a deal expected to start trading Sept. 19 or shortly thereafter.
After much anticipation, Alibaba Friday filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission its prospectus giving investors the first look at the company’s valuation and expected price range for its shares.
According to the documents, Alibaba is expected to raise more than $20 billion making it the biggest U.S. ever, says Renaissance Capital, the IPO exchange-traded fund manager.
This is just the first in what will be a number of steps before the stock actually starts to trade. Now that the initial deal terms are set, it usually takes two to three weeks afterwards for trading to begin, which would put the launch of trading as early as Sept. 19 but as late as the week of Sept. 22, Renaissance says.
The initial price range of the shares will be set between $60 and $66 a share, according to the filing . Including stock sold by insiders, Alibaba is to sell 320.1 million shares. That means $20.1 billion will be raised from the offering. The company itself is selling 123 million shares. The initial price range of an IPO can be adjusted higher or lower as market conditions change and investment bankers have an opportunity to measure investor interest.
The company says it will have roughly 2.5 billion shares outstanding following the IPO, including shares issued in connection to options and restricted stock units. That means the company would have roughly a $160 billion valuation at the midpoint of the IPO offering range. At that valuation, the company would be the 24th most valuable company in the Standard & Poor’s 500, just behind Bank of America at $161 billion and ahead of Amazon.com at $159 billion.
Big insiders and investors will also be selling in the deal. Struggling online portal Yahoo (YHOO) , which was an early investor in Alibaba, plans to sell 121 million of its 524 million shares in the deal. That would raise $7.6 billion for the company, a tidal-sized cash infusion for the company which has $2.7 billion in cash and equivalents. The value of Yahoo’s 524 million Alibaba shares is $33 billion, which is 84% of Yahoo’s total market value of $39 billion.
But in what appears to be somewhat of a vote of confidence in Alibaba’s future, the biggest outside investor, Japan’s SoftBank is not planning to sell any of its 797.7 million shares in the IPO. SoftBank owns roughly a third of Alibaba.
The road show is the series of meetings between the company and prospective investors. Company management meets with large institutions — such as pension funds and mutual funds — to go over the company’s financials, prospects and opportunities. Alibaba’s massive global roadshow — spanning North America, Asia and Europe — is pivotal since the company is poorly understood outside of Asia, says Max Wolff, chief economist at Manhattan Venture Partners. “Alibaba is a behemoth in China but is relatively less well known in the U.S.,” he says.
Alibaba is a Chinese-based Internet business that operates everything from behind-the-scenes, business-to-business e-commerce capabilities to retail services. Few if any U.S. consumers interact with the service personally, so professionals don’t expect the same level of interest in this deal as was seen in the IPOs of Facebook and Twitter.
But the sheer size of the offering makes it impossible for the professional investors to ignore. If Alibaba raises north of $20 billion, that would make it the largest U.S. IPO in history, topping the $17.9 billion raised from the IPO of payment processing company Visa in March 2008, Renaissance says.
The exact timing on the roadshow and the pricing of the deal remains fluid. Sam Hamadeh at private company tracking firm Privco expects the roadshow to start Sunday, which is Monday in Asia. The roadshow will happen on three continents, Europe, North America and Asia, at the same time, he says.
The roadshow’s first stop will be Hong Kong on Monday morning, Hamadeh expects, then moving to Singapore. Next up will be Europe, where Alibaba will meet with investors in the afternoon of the 9th, Hamadeh says. CEO and founder Jack Ma will personally meet with the largest European investors since they are expected to be pivotal to the success of the deal, Hamadeh says.
Finally, Alibaba’s management team will head to New York for a lunchtime meeting on Sept. 10, Hamadeh says. Due to the expected high level of interest, smaller investors will be asked to go to the roadshows scheduled after the New York meeting in Boston, Philadelphia or Baltimore, Hamadeh says. These cities are home of many of the giant U.S. mutual funds.
On Thursday, the show moves to the Midwest, Kansas City, and then Denver on Thursday. Finally the road show moves to Silicon Valley with breakfast and lunch meetings scheduled there, Hamadeh says.
But again, such IPO timetables can be very loose and subject to change. Investors need to be flexible until the deal nears and more concrete information is known.
Alibaba’s management will need to use the roadshow to better educate investors outside of Asia. “This is a a somewhat opaque company that is very large, not well known, complicated and Chinese. So you have to do a lot of messaging and education to get everyone ready,” Wolff says.
Below are the five largest U.S. IPOs in terms of dollars raised:
Source: Renaissance Capital via Microsoft Excel
Company

Rich companies that won t let investors at cashEMAIL
AP
Companies are supposed to make cash — for their shareholders. But a surprising collection of giant companies seem to be saying, “We don’t owe you anything.”
There are 10 companies in the Standard & Poor’s 500 —  including online ad giants Google (GOOGL) and Facebook (FB) , and e-commerce leader Amazon.com (AMZN)  — that aren’t paying any dividends to investors despite being profitable and sitting on cash and cash equivalents in excess of $650 million or more of their total debt, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ. Only non-financial companies were considered in the analysis.
These stocks are running completely counter to the general trend of companies paying dividends and increasing them at a rapid clip. “Shareholder return continues to be the battle cry from boardrooms,” according to a dividend report by S&P Dow Jones’ Howard Silverblatt. Most companies in the S&P 500 pay a dividend and are boosting dividends so quickly they hit a record in the second quarter, Silverblatt says. Dividends by the S&P 500 are expected to rise at least 10% this year, he says.
Investors so far don’t seem to be bothered by these companies clinging to cash and shunning dividends. A custom equal-weighted index of the 10 stocks is up nearly 31% over the past 12 months. That easily tops the nearly 21% gain by the S&P 500 during the same time period.
Chart source: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAY
It’s hard to find a better example of cash-rich companies keeping the money to themselves than Google. The company is a pure cash machine, sitting on cash and equivalents of $16. 7 billion, which well exceeds the company’s total debt of $8.3 billion. And that cash pile doesn’t even include the company’s nearly $42 billion in short-term investments, which could presumably be converted into cash in less than a year. And the cash keeps growing. Over the past 12 months, Google generated net income of $13.2 billion. Even so, the company pays a whopping dividend yield of 0%. Shares of the online advertising company are up 36% over the past 12 months, as investors seem willing to go along with a lack of dividend as well as a curious corporate governance situation .
Chart source: MSN Money
It might be tempting to give Facebook a pass on the whole dividend thing. After all, the company was founded just 10 years ago and needs to invest in new products for future growth. But this isn’t some little upstart anymore. The company has cash and equivalents of $4.4 billion, which is well above its minuscule total debt of $324 million. Again, that’s not including the company’s additional pile of $9.5 billion in short-term investments. And the company generated net income over the past 12 months of $2.4 billion. You’d think the investors might “like” to get at least a little piece of that.
Certainly, some of these companies might be indirectly returning money to shareholders in the form of stock buybacks. But those just aren’t the same as cold-hard cash dividends. And there are other business demands that require cash, such as capital spending. But if these companies don’t owe anything to investors, in the form of the dividends, who is the cash for?
Below are the 10 non-financial companies in the S&P 500 that pay no dividends yet were profitable over the past 12 months and have cash and cash equivalents that top total debt by $650 million or more:
Company

Delhi: L-G invitrs BJP to form government  sends report to MHAWatch: Former MP Saifuddin Soz heckled by flood victims in Srinagar
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Boy murdered by fruit seller for stealing a mangoUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: A 15-year-old boy was on Friday beaten to death by a fruit seller for stealing a mango from his cart. The incident occurred in Seemapuri in east Delhi, police said.
It said that Sheikh Sehdul was attacked with an iron rod which was used by the accused for lighting a battery operated tube-light.
Police said quoting eye-witnesses that the boy had demanded a mango from the accused and offered Rs 10 for the same.
It said that Sheikh Sehdul was attacked with an iron rod which was used by the accused for lighting a battery operated tube-light.
The accused, however, refused to give the mango as the boy was not handing over the money, police said, adding that when the vendor was busy with other customers, the boy pocketed a mango.
Enraged by the boy's conduct, the accused beat him to death and fled the scene, police said, adding that he is still to be arrested.
The child was rushed to a nearby hospital where doctors pronounced him dead on arrival, it said. The murder triggered tension in the area which led to the deployment of heavy police presence.

Visva Bharati university rally for fellow student  UGC team to visitUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Santiniketan (WB): Visva Bharati students on Friday took out a rally on the campus to express solidarity with the girl student who had been allegedly harassed and molested by three male seniors.
The rallyists, who included Kala Bhavan students, went around the sprawling campus. A three-member UGC fact-finding team, led by Mihir Kanta Chowdhury, Vice-Chancellor of Tejpur University, would reach Visva Bharati tomorrow, varsity sources said. They would submit a report to the UGC later.
The three arrested students were on Friday remanded to judicial custody by SDJM court, Bolpur.
The girl, allegedly molested and sexually harassed by three of her seniors, hails from Sikkim. She is undergoing treatment at the Burdwan Medical College and Hospital (BMCH).
The three had been in police custody since August 30 and would now be in judicial remand till September 13.
Meanwhile, the authorities replaced the investigating officer, Ashok Singha Mahaptra, with a lady sub-inspector of Bolpur police station Nandita Das, a top police officer said.
Das will talk to the girl, now recovering, and others concerned.
The girl, allegedly molested and sexually harassed by three of her seniors, hails from Sikkim. She is undergoing treatment at the Burdwan Medical College and Hospital (BMCH).
She had filed the complaint on August 28 and had left the campus with her father after meeting VB vice-chancellor Susanta Dutta Gupta the next day.

Focus is on rescue operations  says Omar AbdullahWatch: Former MP Saifuddin Soz heckled by flood victims in Srinagar
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Stocks Lifted by Gains in Dividend-Rich UtilitiesAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Prosecutors: Dinosaur Skull Smuggled Into USAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Brain-to-Brain Message Sent From India to Paris
Obama heads to Stonehenge. (Insert Spinal Tap caption here)By Katie Zezima September 5 Follow @katiezez
CARDIFF, Wales - President Obama made a surprise detour to Stonehenge on his way back to the United States from the NATO summit in Wales.
"How cool is this?" he said as he toured the prehistoric formation. "Knocked it off the bucket list."
Katie Zezima covers the White House for Post Politics and The Fix.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409947415/1409947415000/1409947415 tracking: {authors=Katie Zezima, blog_name=post-politics, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=obama-heads-to-stonehenge-insert-spinal-tap-caption-here, post_id=96623, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 8:03:35 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 8:03:35 PM
Comments
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409947415/1409947415000/1409947415 tracking: {authors=Katie Zezima, blog_name=post-politics, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=obama-heads-to-stonehenge-insert-spinal-tap-caption-here, post_id=96623, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 8:03:35 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 8:03:35 PM
Show Comments

The 10 most vulnerable members of the HouseBy Sean Sullivan and Aaron Blake September 5 Follow @WaPoSean Follow @aaronblakewp
The House has been relegated to subplot status in the 2014 midterm election, with the Senate majority in play and the House majority ... well ... not.
But if you spend a little time with us here on The Fix (c'mon in, the water's warm), you'll come to realize that there are some pretty interesting House races out there too. And the race for the House still matters, of course, because the size of the GOP majority has real bearing on the legislation that is passed -- not to mention how difficult it will be for Democrats to win back the House in 2016 or future elections.
Basically, here's where things stand: Republicans, as they do in the Senate, have many more good pickup opportunities than Democrats. The Cook Political Report has 13 Democratic seats as toss-ups, versus three GOP-held seats.
But as some have reported, Republicans worry that certain things are holding them back from having a really big year -- a.k.a. a "wave" -- in the House. Mostly, fundraising and candidate performance.
And while seven of the 10 most vulnerable incumbents on our list below are Democrats, two of the top three are Republicans. So it's clear that both sides are playing some defense.
To the line!
Now-Rep. Rick Nolan (D-Minn.) on primary night 2012 in Brainerd, Minn. (AP)
10. Rep. Rick Nolan (D-Minn.): Nolan is back in Congress more than three decades after he first left it, in 1980. GOP challenger Stewart Mills, an heir of the well-known family who owns the Mills Fleet Farm chain, has gained plenty of attention for his appearance (we won't dwell on that here, but see for yourself if you're unaware). This is a pretty swingy district, but it has a long-standing Democratic tradition, and remains one of the last big rural districts in the Democrats' column.
9. Rep. Brad Schneider (D-Ill.): Schneider faces former congressman Bob Dold (R), whom he defeated in an extremely tight 2012 race (51-49). It's expensive to buy air time in this suburban Chicago district. The NRCC has not yet reserved advertising time here, but it says it still intends to spend money.
8. Rep. Mike Coffman (R-Colo.): Coffman's district east of Denver was redrawn with a slight Democratic lean before the 2012 election -- much to his dismay, we're sure. And while he survived two years ago, he was under 50 percent, and he's got a tougher opponent this time in former state House speaker Andrew Romanoff. Romanoff, you might recall, is the guy who
almost upended
 came within eight points of defeating then-appointed Sen. Michael Bennet in the 2010 Democratic Senate primary. The challenger has narrowly outraised the incumbent so far.
7. Rep. Joe Garcia (D-Fla.): There won't be a another showdown between Garcia and embattled former congresswoman David Rivera (R) , who dropped out of the GOP primary in July. That's a good thing for Republicans, who have long viewed Miami-Dade School Board member Carlos Curbelo as the best possible nominee in this year's race. Curbelo was recently named to The Fix's 40 Under 40 list .
6. Rep. Scott Peters (D-Calif.): This is one of three top-tier House races featuring a gay Republican challenger, and it's probably the best chance for history to be made in that regard . But Peters got a pretty big break this week when the Chamber of Commerce endorsed him over former San Diego city councilman Carl DeMaio (R). The Chamber backs very few Democrats, so that's big for Peters -- especially when it comes to claiming the "moderate" mantle .
Rep. Nick Rahall (D-W.Va.), with House Speaker John Boehner. (J. Scott Applewhite/AP)
5. Rep. Nick Rahall (D-W.Va.): The longtime incumbent is trying to win reelection in a district that went 65 percent for Mitt Romney. If he won, he would almost surely occupy the most conservative congressional district held by a Democrat. His opponent is state Sen. Evan Jenkins, a former Democrat who switched to the GOP to challenge Rahall. And there's already been gobs of outside spending here .
4. Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick (D-Ariz.): Republicans narrowly averted disaster here when state House Speaker Andy Tobin squeaked by controversial rancher Gary Kiehne in the GOP primary. Now they are well-pointed to compete in for this swing seat in the fall. Kirkpatrick already lost her GOP-leaning seat once, in 2010, before reclaiming it in 2012.
3. Rep. Steve Southerland (R-Fla.): One on hand, Southerland is running in a district that gave a majority of its votes to Romney two years ago. On the other, polls show him a close race against Democrat Gwen Graham. It certainly doesn't hurt Graham that she has a famous name: Her father is former senator Bob Graham (D).
2. Rep. Ron Barber (D-Ariz.): Barber barely defeated Republican Martha McSally in 2012. She's back this year for another try, and is considered one of the GOP's top recruits. Romney narrowly won here in 2012, and with President Obama's approval rating as low as it is these days, Barber has to be worried. Barber's old boss, former congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords (D), is lending him a hand. Her PAC recently ran an ad criticizing McSally on guns .
U.S. Rep. Michael Grimm (R-N.Y.) talks to the media after meeting with House Speaker John Boehner to discuss the relief fund hold up in Congress for Hurricane Sandy victims at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, in this file photo from January 2, 2013. (REUTERS/Gary Cameron/Files)
1. Rep. Michael Grimm (R-N.Y.): When it comes to running for reelection, let's just say it's not a good idea to threaten to throw reporters off balconies or get indicted. Grimm has done both. The good news for Grimm is that his trial for business and tax fraud allegations won't be until after the election . And while it's hardly unheard-of for someone like Grimm to win reelection in New York while under indictment , former New York City councilman Domenic Recchia is definitely the favorite in this swing Staten Island-based district.
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.
Aaron Blake covers national politics and writes regularly for The Fix.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409946231/1409946231000/1409946231 tracking: {authors=Sean Sullivan; Aaron Blake, blog_name=the-fix, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=the-10-most-vulnerable-members-of-the-house, post_id=109883, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 7:43:51 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 7:43:51 PM

Sean Sullivan and Aaron BlakeThe new guidelines seek to reduce the number of unused powerful prescription drugs in homes around the country.
Sep 8, 2014
The two men are leading the charge on fighting the Islamic State.
Sep 7, 2014
This week Obama and members of his cabinet edged toward action.
Sep 5, 2014
The day’s agenda: NATO summit. Presser. Prehistoric monument.
Sep 5, 2014

Can the government extend health benefits to temporary fedsBy Josh Hicks September 5 Follow @reporter_hicks
The Office of Personnel Management issued a proposed rule  this summer that would expand federal-worker health benefits to temporary and seasonal government employees, who do not currently qualify for the program.
The move came in response to the Affordable Care Act, which penalizes employers if they do not offer health insurance to all their workers.
The government wants to avoid those penalties, but Sen. Tom Coburn (R-Okla.) has questioned whether expanding the benefits is legal, saying in a recent letter to OPM Director Katherine Archuleta that the rule change would violate a statute pertaining to temporary and seasonal federal workers.
(HECU Health)
Current law states that non-permanent federal employees become eligible for the health plan after “1 year of current continuous employment, excluding any break in service of 5 days or less,” Coburn noted.
The senator also pointed out that OPM official Angela Bailey testified before Congress in 2010 that the law is “written in such a way that it excludes temporary employees from receiving health benefits.”
Coburn’s letter asked OPM to explain the agency’s recent change in position and provide legal justification for how the proposed rule could possibly comply with the law.
OPM did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the matter Friday afternoon.
Federal-worker unions support the extension benefits to temporary and seasonal workers. The National Treasury Employees Union released a statement last month applauding the proposed OPM rule, calling it a “welcome step for important groups of federal employees that have been excluded from the [federal-employee health plan].”
The federal government employed about 120,000 temporary, seasonal and intermittent workers. OPM has estimated that the expansion of benefits to those personnel will cost between $21 million and $42 million annually.
Coburn is focusing on the legality of the OPM rule, which is a reasonable concern. But this issue could ultimately boil down to how much the government wants to pay.
Under the Affordable Care Act, the government has to fork over extra cash, either in the form of penalties or expanded coverage for the workers who are not permanent federal employees. It is unclear at this point which would cost more.
Josh Hicks covers the federal government and anchors the Federal Eye blog. He reported for newspapers in the Detroit and Seattle suburbs before joining the Post as a contributor to Glenn Kessler’s Fact Checker blog in 2011.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409947639/1409947639000/1409947639 tracking: {authors=Josh Hicks, blog_name=federal-eye, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=can-the-government-legally-extend-health-benefits-to-temporary-feds, post_id=22696, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 8:07:19 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 8:07:19 PM

Snowfall extremes will continue even in global warming  says studyExtreme snowfall events will continue even in global warming, says study
By Angela Fritz
A snowy Capitol on March 3, 2014. ( Brian Allen via Flickr )
While it’s still too soon to say whether or not this winter will end up looking like the last, snow fanatics should rest assured that extreme snowfall events are here to stay, even in a warming world. That is the finding of an MIT study that was published in the journal Nature this week.
Paul O’Gorman, a professor at MIT’s Department of Earth, Atmospheric, and Planetary Sciences, used model simulations to investigate the impact of global warming on both average, day to day snowfall amounts as well as the extreme snowfall events. He found that while average daily snowfalls could decrease by 65 percent by the late 21st century, the extreme snowfall events only decreased by eight percent in the model simulations. In fact, in some high-latitude cases, the models suggested that extreme snowstorms could deposit 10 percent more snow.
While there is always some uncertainty in studies using computer models, the results make sense with what we know about the physical nature of the atmosphere.
Related: While it’s increasingly difficult to get snow in D.C., the historic events don’t appear to be waning 
As the planet warms, the atmosphere is able to hold more moisture, and more water is evaporated into the air from oceans and lakes. In the same way that more moisture in the air has the potential to cause heavier downpours and more serious flooding, the added moisture also plays an important role in the intensity of winter storms, when they happen.
We don’t know if you remember, but it was still snowing in March this year. ( Navin Sarma via Flickr )
In addition, the temperature range at which extreme snowfall events happen is on the warm end, closer to the freezing point. As O’Gorman puts it , “people may know the expression, ‘It’s too cold to snow’ — if it’s very cold, there is too little water vapor in the air to support a very heavy snowfall, and if it’s too warm, most of the precipitation will fall as rain.”
It’s not hard to imagine a situation where the temperature is being pushed into this “sweet spot” for winter storms, whereas without the warming, they would have been too cold to see a heavy snowfall event. And as the study points out, the small change in extreme snowfall events has “corresponding implications for the detection and public perception of climate change.” A raging snowstorm appears to fly in the face of global warming, when in fact the two events are not necessarily unrelated.
O’Gorman’s results are in agreement with what we have seen here in Washington D.C. over the past few decades: our snowiest winters are getting snowier. In a post in February 2013, Jason Samenow writes :
In the 30 winters since 1984 … only five winters have had above average snowfall in D.C. – compared to 25 winters with average to below average amounts (15.4 inches or less). In 4 of the 5 winters with above average snowfall, the total was 2 to more than 3 times normal – or 30.1 to 56.1 inches (in 1987, 1996, 2003, and 2010). Or, put another away, the 25 snow-deprived winters averaged 9 inches of snow, the 5 snowy winters averaged 40 inches.
In an extensive analysis of D.C. snowfall events, Ian Livingston notes that while it’s increasingly difficult to get run-of-the-mill snows, the historic events have been left pretty much in-tact:
10 inch or greater storms, as well as categories down to 5 inches or so, are generally rather steady or even slightly up over time. They’re not necessarily coming with the same consistency in smaller winter-to-winter stretches, but they’re still coming, and possibly in larger groupings in big winters.
The last three decades, or since the 1980s, the city has recorded six of its current top 20 snowstorms. That’s as high as any other period in history of snow around the city, and up from decades prior that often featured more in the way of regular smaller events.
Angela Fritz is the Deputy Weather Editor for the Washington Post. She holds a B.S.  degree in meteorology from Valparaiso University and an M.S. in Earth and Atmospheric Science from the Georgia Institute of Technology.

Maryland mascot Testudo looks like a terrifying muscular monster in new hype video(Via a Maryland athletics video)
(Via a Maryland athletics video)
(Via a Maryland athletics video)
(Via a Maryland athletics video)
Dan Steinberg writes about all things DC sports at the DC Sports Bog.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=sports, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409943509/1409943509000/1409943509 tracking: {authors=Dan Steinberg, blog_name=dc-sports-bog, content_category=Sports, in_url_headline=maryland-mascot-testudo-looks-like-a-terrifying-muscular-monster-in-new-hype-video, post_id=44812, section={section=sports, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 6:58:29 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 6:58:29 PM

Kobernus up  and lineupsComments
(Photo by Otto Greule Jr/Getty Images)
The Nationals recalled utility player Jeff Kobernus from Class AAA Syacuse, giving them an additional September call-up who could be a late-inning pinch runner. Kobernus, one of the fastest players in the organization, missed half the season with an injury, but he still stole 24 bases in 28 attempts in 73 minor league games.
First baseman Adam LaRoche is back in the lineup following his hobbled, heroic performance in Wednesday’s epic game. Jose Lobaton had caught Stephen Strasburg’s past four starts, all of them Nationals victories, as Strasburg pitched to a 2.36 ERA. But Wilson Ramos is behind the plate tonight with Strasburg on the mound.
Old friend Jerome Williams will start for the Phillies tonight. He’s been released by the Astros and Rangers this season, which is not the pedigree you’re looking for. This is a reverse-lock match-up if there ever was one.
Nationals 

The Supreme Courts own buffer zone tropeBy Eugene Volokh September 5 Follow @volokhc
Kristin Hughs, right, announces to supporters the Supreme Court’s decision on the Hobby Lobby case in front of the court building on June 30, 2014. While protesters can demonstrate on the sidewalk in front of the court, they cannot carry out protests on the Supreme Court’s plaza or the steps leading up to it. Note the lack of placards among the crowd on the plaza and the Supreme Court police officer. (Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP)
On Thursday, I again ran into the “Supreme Court’s own buffer zone” argument — the court, the argument went, was hypocritical in striking down the 35-foot buffer zone around abortion clinics, when it has a so much bigger buffer zone around itself, given that demonstrations are generally not allowed on the Supreme Court’s plaza area or, of course, in the building. (For one of many instances of this argument, see here .) I think this argument is based on a basic misunderstanding of the legal rules, although there is an interesting insight to be had here — which has little to do with the court as such — about “traditional public forum” doctrine more broadly.
1. To begin with, note that the Supreme Court had an opportunity to consider a law that banned protests on the sidewalks around the Supreme Court. In United States v. Grace (1983) , the court struck the law down. The decision was nearly unanimous; Justice Stevens concluded that the statute didn’t apply to such protests, and thus didn’t think it necessary to reach the constitutional question.
Abortion clinics are thus treated by McCullen v. Coakley like the court, and like a vast range of businesses and organizations that are targeted for demonstrations by labor protesters, public issue protesters and so on. Speech on the sidewalks around those places is constitutionally protected, although blocking entrances to those places is not.
2. Now it’s true that demonstrations and protests off the sidewalks, and on the open space around the Supreme Court building, are forbidden . But likewise an abortion clinic can bar demonstrations and protests on its property off the sidewalks, as can post offices , factories and other entities. The abortion clinic has this power because there is no First Amendment right to demonstrate on private property without the property owner’s permission. The Supreme Court and post offices have this power because there is generally no such right to demonstrate on “nonpublic forum” government property (i.e. property other than sidewalks, parks and streets that hasn’t been deliberately opened for public speech). The rule is consistent: Protests on sidewalks are allowed, protests on the institution’s property off the sidewalks are not.
3. Of course, one possible response is, “Hey, we’re just poor abortion clinics — we can’t afford wide open space around our building. So even if the court isn’t unfairly preferring itself over abortion clinics, it’s preferring rich institutions over poor ones.” I think that’s on the right track to an interesting insight, but it’s not quite there yet.
After all, the abortion clinic doesn’t really want a lot of wide open space around the building. Indeed, so long as people are in that wide open space, they can likely see and hear the protesters, and if the goal is to shield patients from the protesters, that goal is better served by just getting them inside the building, which the abortion clinic does have. So the clinic’s patients have to deal with protesters on the sidewalks, but once the patients go off the sidewalks — and, in the clinic’s case, into the building — the protesters are outside. Likewise, the court’s personnel (including the justices) have to deal with protesters on the sidewalks outside the court, but once they go off the sidewalks, into the building or onto the open space around the building, the protesters are away from them.
4. But of course the justices don’t really have to deal with protesters, and especially not sidewalk counselors, for a simple reason: They park on the property, in an underground garage. If they see a protester, it’s for a brief moment, separated by glass and metal. The situation is precisely the same for abortion clinics that have on-premises parking, and patients who drive into the parking lot or garage. (Garages — as opposed to open-air parking lots — of course provide visual separation — and some degree of audio separation — and not just physical separation. They are uncommon, I suspect, for standalone clinics, but more common for clinics that are suits within larger office buildings, although of course some office building owners may feel public pressure not to rent space to abortion clinics.)
In this respect, the situation is again similar to many other businesses. If you run a storefront restaurant and are being picketed by a union or an animal rights group or anyone else, your customers have to walk past the picketers, which may be uncomfortable for them and may mean more business lost for you. If you run a restaurant with its own parking lot, and most of your customers drive in, then they just have to drive past the picketers and then see them some distance away as they walk to the entrance — less uncomfortable. If you run a restaurant in a shopping mall or office building with an enclosed garage, then the driving customers will have to drive past the picketers and won’t even have to see them. Of course, the customers who walk up will have to walk past the picketers in any event.
The same is true if you run a business, and the picketers are trying to reach your employees. The impact on the employees, and on you, varies sharply depending on the parking situation, and on whether your employees drive.
5. Now here I do think we see an interesting class-based effect of the law — indeed, of public forum law more broadly. If you own a car, you can better shield yourself from many things that a pedestrian can’t (approaches, sounds, smells). If your organization can afford space in a building that has on-site parking, or, better yet, on-site covered parking, your driving clients can likewise better shield themselves from such things. But if you’re a poorer or smaller organization, or a poorer or smaller business, or someone who can’t afford a car, you can’t shield yourself as well. That is the effect of “traditional public forum” doctrine.
And this isn’t just limited to sidewalks. Consider another quintessential traditional public forum — a park. The free speech rights of protesters in such a park mean less peaceful enjoyment for users of the park. If you go to the city park, you might find yourself dealing with unwanted approaches by leafleters or proselytizers, unwanted noise from protests, and the like. The city can implement content-neutral time, place, and manner restrictions that diminish these annoyances, but it can’t eliminate them altogether. But if you are rich enough to belong to a country club, you can just go there and be entirely free from such annoying speech.
Or consider schools. Some people think that their children will be happier at school if other students’ speech (in school or outside school) is restricted in various ways. We can debate whether or not that’s true, but at least people who can afford private schools have the option of sending their children to places that have such restrictions. Given the Tinker v. Des Moines Independent School District decision, public schools are limited in their ability to impose such restrictions. As a result, people who can’t afford private schools don’t have the option of sending their children to such places (although given the normal practices in most public school systems, public school parents couldn’t easily choose their children’s school in any event).
So the result is that doctrines that protect free speech on government property — sidewalks, parks, public schools — end up exacerbating the already substantial differences between the experiences of the poorer and the richer. Because the poor are stuck using the government property (e.g., they have to walk on the sidewalk, rather than driving into the parking lot), they are more exposed to the speech on this property, and the annoyance and offensive of such speech. If the government could shut down the speech on its property, then it could, if the political process so came out, try to give poorer people some of the peace and quiet and shielding from speech that richer people enjoy.
Of course, these same free-speech-on-government-property doctrines also especially protect the speech of the poor, who might be able to afford to reach people using leaflets and signs, but not using billboards and TV advertising campaigns. Likewise, these doctrines have historically protected the speech of groups that see themselves as representing poorer people, such as labor union, civil rights activists and the like. And I think that on balance, the protection of speech on sidewalks and parks, is a good idea.
But it is worth noting that such protection does yield situations in which poorer people, and clients of poorer organizations, find it harder to shield themselves from the annoyance and offense created by public speech, and richer people and clients of richer organizations find it much easier. And it is this effect that really explains the justices-vs.-abortion-clinic-patients effect (for those abortion clinic patients that walk to the building), and not some hypocritical self-protection that the justices uniquely provide themselves.
(If I recall correctly, much of my thinking about item 5 was shaped by a conversation I had with Professor Sandy Levinson many years ago, though he is of course not at all responsible for the particular points I am making here.)
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409941606/1409941606000/1409941606 tracking: {authors=Eugene Volokh, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=the-supreme-courts-own-buffer-zone-trope, post_id=13062, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 6:26:46 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 6:26:46 PM

The stunning accuracy of archerfish spitBy Rachel Feltman September 5 Follow @rachelfeltman
Archerfish? More like sniperfish. Toxotes jaculatrix  is quite the aquatic sharpshooter. The fish, native to southern and southeast Asia, use precise jets of water to knock prey like spiders, insects and small lizards into their reach. According to a new study in Current Biology , that spit propulsion is the result of some impeccable bodily control.
Researchers were able to train the fish to hit targets at various heights, then filmed them in action to observe the mechanisms behind the shot. They found that the fish were adjusting their jet stream to hit each target with maximum impact, whatever the distance. The fish adjusted the jet by changing the way they moved their mouths : Starting with an open mouth, a spitting fish closes its mouth partially to create a smaller, more focused stream of water. By closing its mouth more slowly, the fish creates less acceleration. This slower stream is designed to hit a distant target with more impact. By closing its mouth quickly, a fish creates a highly accelerated stream that's ready to hit a close target at optimum force.
This physiological trick, the researchers said in a statement , could potentially be used to create better human-built nozzles.
Right on target. (Ingo Rischawy/Schuster lab, University of Bayreuth)
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409940131/1409940131000/1409940131 tracking: {authors=Rachel Feltman, blog_name=speaking-of-science, content_category=National, in_url_headline=the-stunning-accuracy-of-archerfish-spit, post_id=830, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 6:02:11 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 6:02:11 PM

What can violence in Chicago teach doctors in the NavyFaran Bokhari, the head of the trauma department at Cook County’s Stroger Hospital in Chicago, prepares to join a team for surgery on a gunshot victim. (Nam Y. Huh/Associated Press)
How do you prepare Navy doctors for a war zone? Send them to a Chicago trauma unit.
A new partnership with a Cook County hospital is allowing military medical personnel access to the trauma patients that it serves in Chicago, which is grappling with so much gun violence on its South and West sides that some people have taken to calling the city “ Chiraq .”
“It’s important to get them this kind of training here, so they can see how to stop that bleeding and save that life,” Lt. Cmdr. Stan Hovell, a Navy nurse who worked in a rotation at the hospital, told the Chicago Tribune . “They pick up those skills and carry it back to the Navy.”
In a phone interview with The Post on Friday, Faran Bokhari, the head of Stroger Hospital’s trauma department, said the hospital’s unit is well-suited for the training not necessarily because of the level of violence in Chicago, but rather because of the volume of patients it receives, and the wide variety of cases that doctors treat.
“The guys are actually very good, the Navy personnel — they’re excellent,” Bokhari said. “And I think the reason that they are excellent is that they really want to do a good job.”
Navy medical teams already work at a North Chicago health care center , the AP reported, but Stroger has one of the busiest trauma units in the county and offers unique training opportunities for doctors — and the chance to keep their skills sharp.
“Some of them are very experienced,” Bokhari told the Chicago Tribune . “They’re not green medical students out of la-la land. They’ve seen the blood and guts.”
During the July 4 weekend, for example, Navy Petty Officer 2nd Class Dwight Koontz worked on a man who was being treated for multiple gunshot wounds. “He had 15 holes in him,” Koontz told the AP. “It took about two hours for us to get him stable enough to get him to surgery.”
The man lived. More than 80 people were shot in Chicago over the long holiday weekend , and 14 of those shootings were fatal. Through Sept. 5, there have been 1,305 shooting victims in the city, according to the Chicago Tribune .
Jared Bernard, a Navy trauma surgeon, said he recalled a patient who suffered a transpelvic gunshot wound — which went from the man’s right side of his pelvis to his left — that was similar to the type of injury one might see overseas. (That man also lived.) At the North Chicago hospital, Bernard doesn’t preform trauma procedures; he treats hernias and removes gallbladders — those types of procedures, but he’s also been deployed twice to Afghanistan.
“We need to be on top of our game,” Bernard said. “Because it’s a busy world out there now, and our corpsman need to be ready for whenever we call on them.”
Here’s a (somewhat graphic) 2012 video that shows what Stroger’s trauma team typically deals with. (If the sight of blood makes you squeamish, just skip this part.)
Navy personnel also train in Los Angeles, where gang violence has left doctors treating a steady stream of stabbing and shooting victims. “It’s a shame that Los Angeles has so much violence,” surgeon John Newman told the Los Angeles Times in 2003, “but from a training standpoint — fantastic.”
[This post has been updated.]
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409937821/1409937821000/1409937821 tracking: {authors=Sarah Larimer, blog_name=post-nation, content_category=National, in_url_headline=how-bad-is-the-gun-violence-in-chicago-navy-doctors-are-now-training-there, post_id=11027, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 5:23:41 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 5:23:41 PM

Richard Flanagan on writing The Narrow Road to the Deep NorthBy Ron Charles September 5 Follow @roncharles
Richard Flanagan speaks at the Australian Embassy in Washington on Thursday. (Ron Charles/Washington Post)
Over 12 years, Tasmanian novelist Richard Flanagan wrote five completely different versions of “ The Narrow Road to the Deep North ,” his spectacular new book about the construction of the Death Railway during WWII. But all that revision paid off: The novel is now on the longlist for the Man Booker Prize.
Speaking Thursday night at the Australian Embassy in Washington, Flanagan described his research — close at home and far afield — on this horrific industrial project carried out by the Japanese using hundreds of thousands of slaves.
Flanagan’s father was one of the many POWs forced to work on the railway in Thailand (then called Siam). He patiently answered his son’s “endless questions” about daily life in the camp, the smell of tropical ulcers, the symptoms of cholera.
“But I did not want the book to be about him,” Flanagan said. “As much as his experience and perspective would influence it, I did not want some fictionalized version of his life. As much as it was about my father and me, it had to escape us both.”
(Courtesy of Knopf)
His research took him to Thailand, where he walked along the overgrown remains of the Death Railway and the site of the camp where so many of his father’s friends were killed by labor, torture and disease.
Finally, in 2013, he traveled to Japan and met with some of the surviving guards who worked on the railway, including a particularly sadistic one nicknamed the Lizard, who had been sentenced to death for war crimes. (The sentence was later commuted.) During their surreal meeting, Flanagan asked the now gentle, old man to slap him as hard as he could — to reenact the sort of treatment that guards doled out constantly during the war.
But just as he reluctantly began to slap the novelist’s face, an earthquake hit the city, and Flanagan caught terror in his eyes. “I saw the Lizard frightened,” he said. “Wherever evil is, it wasn’t in that room with that old man and me.”
When he got back home, he told his father about the Japanese people’s gentleness, their apologies and their requests for forgiveness. His father, then in his late 90s, immediately lost all memory of his time in the camps.
On the day Flanagan sent off the finished manuscript to his publisher, his father died.
Ron Charles is the editor of The Washington Post's Book World. For a dozen years, he enjoyed teaching American literature and critical theory in the Midwest, but finally switched to journalism when he realized that if he graded one more paper, he'd go crazy.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=lifestyle, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409941639/1409941639000/1409941639 tracking: {authors=Ron Charles, blog_name=style-blog, content_category=Lifestyle, in_url_headline=richard-flanagan-on-writing-the-narrow-road-to-the-deep-north, post_id=33042, section={section=lifestyle, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 6:27:19 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 6:27:19 PM

Study: Millennials fit their texty  entitled  leave-early stereotypes62
"Technology is the big difference with this generation. Millennials are conditioned to have the answer at hand," one respondent says.
Another HR professional offers this: "Technology is almost an inherent part of their makeup. It is ingrained in their communication and in the way they work. A company has to provide a strong platform to support their natural use of technology or they become frustrated." Other respondents appreciate the way millennials challenge traditional ways of doing things.
With more millennials entering the workplace and job-hopping every couple of years, companies that learn to embrace change will be the ones who win in the talent capitalization game.
My startup has gone from 11 employees a year ago to over 50 today. More than 70 percent of the workforce is under 30, so I'm often asked for tips on how to work with millennials.
You have to adapt. Socializing is important to millennials, so we have happy hours and trolley bus tours through the city. We also know that millennials are very money-motivated. That's why we give frequent shareholder updates, so they can feel like their company shares are paving the way for their future. Millennials also like flexible work environments, so I'm playing around with the idea of holding meetings outside.
Like any company, though, there's room for improvement. Frankly, we suck at communicating with millennials in a way that gets their attention. Instead of PowerPoints and long emails, we should be using text blasts, videos and Twitter.
One HR professional in the survey said, "Just like with any generation starting in the workplace, they have a large learning curve ahead of them."
Perhaps, we all do.
Bisceglia is president and founder of Scout Exchange, a software company with offices in River North and in Boston that connects employers with the best search firms.

Indexes post gains for a fifth weekWall Street ends lower as Apple falls, bond yields rise
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
NASDAQ NYSE Euronext, Inc. Financial Markets The Home Depot
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Tuesday as Apple  shares declined and as bond yields hit their highest in a month on concerns the Federal Reserve could raise interest rates sooner than some investors had expected.
All 10 S&P 500 sectors ended lower. Apple shares, which jumped as much as 4.8 percent earlier in the session after the company unveiled a smartwatch, ended down 0.4 percent at $97.99. Apple also announced two larger iPhones.
Benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note yields rose to 2.5 percent.
Apart from geopolitical concerns, investors are becoming increasingly worried about the global economy, and especially Europe, weakening again. ( Gail MarksJarvis )
Sectors with high-dividend paying stocks including utilities were among the day's weakest. The utilities sector <.SPLRCU> and telecommunications <.SPLRCL> each fell 1.2 percent.
Improving U.S. economic conditions may force the Federal Reserve "to tighten sooner rather than later," said Doug Cote, chief market strategist with Voya Investment Management in New York.
"Rising rates are an immediate discount for financial assets, including equities," he said.
8
Shares of Home Depot  fell 2.1 percent, a day after the company confirmed its payment security system had been breached.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> declined 97.55 points or 0.57 percent, to 17,013.87, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 13.1 points or 0.65 percent, to 1,988.44 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 40.00 points or 0.87 percent, to 4,552.29.
About 5.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, above the 5.5 billion average for the last five days, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
The Fed supposedly owns 1/4 of ALL stocks. Anybody who still thinks investing in the stock market, and the dollar is getting stronger, is an idiot.
Jackie Puppet
90
In the options market, Apple options volume rose to a record daily volume of 2.97 million contracts traded, according to Henry Schwartz, president of options analytics firm Trade Alert. Contract volume was about three times normal and calls led puts by a ratio of 2.1:1, according to Trade Alert data.
The largest percentage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was Pulse Electronics , which was rising 53.47 percent, while the largest percentage decliner was Usec , down 18.05 percent.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were Brazil's Petrobras , down 2.83 percent to $17.83 and Pfizer , down 0.58 percent at $29.23.
Besides Apple, Yahoo , down 2.5 percent at $40.78, and Microsoft , up 0.6 percent to $46.76 were among the most actively traded on Nasdaq.
Declining issues were outnumbering advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,338 to 698, for a 3.35-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 2,046 issues were falling and 637 advancing for a 3.21-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
The broad S&P 500 index was posting 17 new 52-week highs and five new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 56 new highs and 58 new lows.
(Additional reporting by Saqib Iqbal Ahmed; Editing by Nick Zieminski, Chris Reese and Meredith Mazzilli)

Sprint expands rural roaming program  adding 15 new carriersSprint expands rural roaming program, adding 15 new carriers
People talk on their cell phones as passers-by walk past a Sprint store in New York
Keith Bedford Reuters,
T-Mobile Verizon Communications
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Sprint Corp said on Friday it was adding 15 new rural and regional wireless providers to its U.S. roaming program, a move bolstering the company's efforts to cheaply expand its footprint as it fights to stay competitive as a national carrier.
The program allows Sprint and its smaller partners to use each other's networks for roaming at a mutually attractive price. A total of 27 carriers, covering 565,000 square miles and a population area of more than 38 million people, have now entered into roaming agreements with Sprint.
The 27 partnerships could save Sprint about $1.9 billion in expenditures on new cell phone towers and other infrastructure that would be necessary to bring 4G coverage to new areas on its own, based on calculations provided by a source familiar with the program estimates.
With those savings, deals with rural carriers could offer Sprint a lifeline to improve its national presence following the collapse of the merger with T-Mobile US Inc.
0
Like T-Mobile's, Sprint's network has been largely concentrated around metropolitan areas while the coverage by the two biggest U.S. carriers, Verizon Communications Inc and AT&T Inc, stretches nationwide.
Growing its footprint is one of Sprint's major challenges as the company struggles to win back millions of customers it lost during its messy network overhaul in recent years. The task is particularly tough in a nearly saturated market and with No. 4 T-Mobile pushing to leapfrog Sprint as the No. 3 U.S. carrier.
In March, Sprint Chairman Masayoshi Son struck an agreement with the Competitive Carriers Association, which represents many U.S. rural and regional carriers, providing the framework for a rural roaming program.
In June, Sprint announced the first 12 individual carriers to launch the rural roaming program into reality, including Virginia-based nTelos Wireless and Mississippi-based C Spire Wireless.
The 15 new partners announced Friday include Kentucky-based Bluegrass Cellular, Idaho-based Syringa Wireless and Alabama-based Pine Belt Wireless.
Perhaps because Sprint needs rural coverage more than its rivals, its 4G roaming agreements offer the carriers more perks and more flexibility than they have seen from other companies.
Verizon's program, for instance, largely limits partners to building networks that rely on airwaves owned by Verizon, while Sprint's allows them to use their own spectrum. Sprint's partners also say it offers more attractive roaming rates.
Another major perk Sprint offers is access to devices at cheaper prices negotiated with handset distributors, solving a major problem for smaller carriers who are often stuck paying top dollar for devices because they lack their competitors' scale.
(Reporting by Alina Selyukh; Editing by Tom Brown)

Rehab tax credits at stake in Wrigley Field renovationRehab tax credits at stake in Wrigley Field renovation
Millions of dollars in tax credits hang on elements of Wrigley's proposed rehabilitation including its outfield advertising.
Millions of dollars in tax credits hang on elements of Wrigley's proposed rehabilitation including its outfield advertising.
Millions of dollars in tax credits hang on elements of Wrigley's proposed rehabilitation including its outfield advertising.
This video is featured in these articles:

Ukraine And Separatists Both Back Peace PlanUkraine, Separatists Back Peace Plan For Country's East
Reuters
reddit
Pro-Russian rebels pass by destroyed Ukrainian military vehicles near the village of Novokaterynivka, eastern Ukraine, Tuesday, Sept. 2, 2014. Ukrainian troops have over the past week suffered a string of major military losses in their offensive against Russian-backed separatist rebels, losing large swathes of territory and having hundreds of soldiers captured. (AP Photo/Sergei Grits)
By Adrian Croft and Gabriela Baczynska
NEWPORT, Wales/DONETSK, Ukraine, Sept 4 (Reuters) -  Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko and the main pro-Russian  rebel leader said they would both order ceasefires on Friday,  provided that an agreement is signed on a new peace plan to end  the five-month war in Ukraine's east.
The breakthrough came after a week in which the pro-Moscow  separatists scored major victories with what NATO says is the  open support of thousands of Russian troops.
Speaking on the sidelines of a NATO summit in Wales,  Poroshenko said the ceasefire would be conditional on a planned  meeting going ahead in Minsk on Friday of envoys from Ukraine,  Russia and Europe's OSCE security watchdog.
"At 1400 local time (1100 GMT on Friday), provided the  (Minsk) meeting takes place, I will call on the General Staff to  set up a bilateral ceasefire and we hope that the implementation  of the peace plan will begin tomorrow," he told reporters.
Alexander Zakharchenko, head of the main rebel Donetsk  People's Republic, said in a statement his men would also order  a ceasefire, from one hour later, provided that Kiev's  representatives signed up to a peace plan at the Minsk meeting.
There have been local agreements to hold fire, for example  during the recovery of bodies from a Malaysian airliner shot  down over rebel territory in July, but Thursday's announcements  were the first time the two sides have called for a full truce.
Rebels still expressed skepticism. Oleg Tsaryov, a senior  rebel official, told Reuters the separatist truce would depend  on the government providing guarantees, "because in the past we  had some ceasefire agreements Poroshenko didn't honor".
A source close to Zakharchenko said government forces  bombarded Donetsk within 15 minutes of Poroshenko's announcement  of the ceasefire plan: "We'll see how the talks go tomorrow, but  it won't be easy. All this talk of truce amid more and more  shelling."
The announcements come a day after Russia's President  Vladimir Putin put forward a seven-point peace plan, which would  end the fighting in Ukraine's east, bring in outside monitors  and aid, while leaving rebels in control of their territory.
To keep the pressure up on Russia, a White House official  attending the NATO summit said the United States was preparing a  new round of economic sanctions, but progress towards a truce  could halt new European financial sanctions that EU leaders had  been expected to agree on Friday. French President Francois  Hollande said the decision on the sanctions package would depend  "on the coming hours".
There is no sign of a halt in fighting in the east, where  rebels have rapidly advanced in the past week, backed by what  Kiev and NATO say is the support of thousands of Russian troops  with artillery and tanks. Moscow denies its troops are there.
COLUMNS OF SMOKE
Reuters journalists heard explosions and saw columns of  smoke on the eastern outskirts of Mariupol, a government-held  port of 500,000 people that is the next big city in the path of  the rebel advance. A Ukrainian military source said troops were  bracing for a potential attack on the city.
Government shells rained down overnight on a residential  district of Donetsk, capital of one of the rebels' two  self-proclaimed independent states.
The West has backed Kiev by imposing economic sanctions on  Moscow, but has also made clear it will not fight to protect the  country, where pro-Russian rebels rose up in two provinces after  Moscow annexed the Crimea peninsula in March.
Poroshenko was invited to meet U.S. President Barack Obama,  Germany's Angela Merkel, France's Francois Hollande and other  Western leaders at the NATO summit in Wales, hosted by Britain's  David Cameron.
The summit stage was set with harsh words for Russia: "To  the east, Russia has ripped up the rule book with its illegal,  self-declared annexation of Crimea and its troops on Ukrainian  soil threatening and undermining a sovereign nation state,"  Obama and Cameron wrote in a joint newspaper editorial.
But after the announcement of the potential ceasefire,  Western officials appeared to take a softer line. German Foreign  Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said he was moderately  optimistic that de-escalation could be achieved.
The prospect of a ceasefire could also give France an  opportunity to reverse a decision to postpone the delivery of a  French helicopter carrier warship to Russia, due next month.
"What are the conditions (of delivering the ship)? A  ceasefire and a political settlement. Today those conditions are  not in place," Hollande said. If there were further  complications the delivery would be delayed, but the contract  would not be suspended, he added.
Moscow had accused him of caving in to U.S. political  pressure: "France's reputation as a reliable partner that  carries out its contractual obligations has been thrown into the  furnace of American political ambitions," Russian Foreign  Ministry deputy spokeswoman Maria Zakharova wrote on Facebook.
CONFLICTING SIGNALS
The past few days have seen conflicting signals from both  Moscow and Kiev. Putin made a number of belligerent statements  over the past week before unveiling his peace proposal on  Wednesday and discussing it by telephone with Poroshenko.
The Ukrainian leader hinted at a possible ceasefire on his  website on Wednesday, but that wording was later dropped. His  prime minister, Arseny Yatseniuk, derided Putin's peace proposal  as a "deception" and said Putin's real aim was to "destroy  Ukraine and restore the Soviet Union".
Ukraine has previously refused to discuss any political deal  with the rebels, calling them terrorists and proxies of Moscow.  But with the hope evaporating of a swift victory, Poroshenko may  have felt it is now time to hear the Kremlin's  offer.
This week the rebels dropped a demand for full independence  and said they would accept some kind of special status in  Ukraine. That lifts one of the main obstacles to peace talks.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov discussed the  ceasefire with his French and German counterparts, and accused  Washington of trying to undermine the nascent peace process.
Putin's peace offer would leave rebels in control of  territory that accounts for a tenth of Ukraine's population and  an even larger chunk of its industry. It would also require  Ukraine to remain unaligned. Kiev had said last week it would  try to join NATO, although full membership is unlikely since  several members oppose it.
The rebels said they would agree as part of the ceasefire to  allow a humanitarian corridor for aid and refugees. The truce  would be monitored by observers from the Organization for  Security and Cooperation in Europe.
On the ground, there has so far been no sign yet of any  ceasefire. Government forces shelled the southern outskirts of  the rebel bastion of Donetsk overnight.
BOMB SHELTER
Houses in Donetsk's leafy Petrovka district were pockmarked  with shrapnel. Residents had sought refuge in a bomb shelter.
"I don't think they can reach any agreements now. Each side  comes up with conditions unacceptable for the other. And so we  get shelled," said Lena, who declined to give her surname.
Reuters journalists saw a rebel column including a tank  driving south from Donetsk towards the village of Berezovo.  Residents said three burnt out military trucks in the village  had carried Ukrainian troops that came under attack.
Government troops had been on the offensive since Poroshenko  took office in June, squeezing the rebels into two provincial  capitals, Donetsk and Luhansk. But last week the rebels turned  the tide with an advance along the coast of the Sea of Azov.
A NATO officer, speaking on condition of anonymity, said  NATO believed several thousand Russian troops were in Ukraine  with hundreds of tanks and armored vehicles.     (Additional reporting by Aleksandar Vasovic in Mariupol, Pavel  Polityuk and Gareth Jones in Kiev, Katya Golubkova and Timothy  Heritage in Moscow and Kylie MacLellan in Newport; Writing by  Peter Graff; Editing by Giles Elgood and Will Waterman)
live blog

5 Reasons Why The Seattle Seahawks Will Repeat5 Reasons Why The Seattle Seahawks Will Repeat
Posted:
Updated:
09/04/2014  2:59 pm EDT
Seahawks head coach Pete Carroll and quarterback Russell Wilson are hoping to lead Seattle to the tenth repeat championship in Super Bowl history. | The Olympian via Getty Images
reddit
The Seattle Seahawks are led by a quarterback who was too small, a cornerback too brash and a coach that supposedly was too rah rah because he played rap music during practice . Their Skittles-obsessed running back, who nobody wanted, made earthquake-inducing runs a normal occurrence. And the defending Super Bowl champs return nearly every starter on both sides of the ball, along with the most electric fan base in football. The NFL has not had a repeat champion since New England a decade ago, and in the 48 years of the Super Bowl, there have been just nine repeat champions. But the Hawks don't care.
Here are five reasons Seattle could help that number reach double digits.
In Russ They Trust
Russell Wilson earned a second consecutive Pro Bowl berth and won a Super Bowl in year two, but he's still just scratching the surface of his robust talent. The 25-year-old is the heartbeat of this team. "Human nature wants you to naturally relax and not improve," Wilson told USA Today . "One of the things I'm trying to do -- and our team collectively -- is to fight that and to continue to improve." A simple quote like that speaks volumes about Wilson's maturity. This was a kid who went to Madison for a summer and learned the entire Badgers playbook to lead Wisconsin to the Rose Bowl. He's been told his entire life that he's too small to play quarterback, and slipped to the third round despite a sensational collegiate career at two schools. I told you he was a huge sleeper then, and that he would lead the Hawks to a title last season. I'm telling you now that his 26 touchdowns and nine interceptions from a year ago will only improve in 2014. Remember, Wilson already owns 10 game-winning drives and eight fourth-quarter comebacks.
Addition By Subtraction
Seattle's most notable free agent loss was probably wide receiver Golden Tate, who signed with pass-happy Detroit. Tate led the Seahawks with 898 receiving yards, but was also known for his inconsistency and strange antics . Replacing him in the slot will be Doug Baldwin, an undrafted free agent who enjoyed a stellar postseason and has emerged as one of Wilson's favorite third-down targets. Baldwin doesn't have Tate's athletic ability, but that's where Percy Harvin (above) comes into play. If Harvin -- who missed most of last year with a labrum tear in his hip -- can stay on the field, he will resume his role as one of the league's most dynamic talents. All reports from camp have been highly positive, and the emergence of Jermaine Kearse, another undrafted free agent, as a third option, is crucial.
Three-Headed Monster
Pro Bowler Marshawn Lynch finally got paid, but his brief holdout also paved the way for young runners Robert Turbin and Christine Michael to enter the spotlight a bit more. Turbin is a one-cut guy who catches the ball very well. And Michael, in his second year out of Texas A&M, is equal parts flash and power. He has real home ability, and whether it's this season or next, looks to be on the verge of heavy touches. The 28-year-old Lynch remains the clear-cut first option, but both of his backups give yet another twist to Seattle's already strong offense, which ranked second in the league last year.
LOB
"LOB!" You have probably heard Richard Sherman (above) chanting that by now, and if you are confused, it means, "Legion of Boom." That's what the Seahawks sensational secondary quartet calls itself, and rightfully so. Sherman and free safety Earl Thomas are All-Pros, while Kam Chancellor might be the hardest-hitting strong safety in football. ( Just ask Demaryius Thomas and the Denver Broncos about that. ) Pete Carroll loves big, physical corners who can press. That perfectly describes Byron Maxwell and Tharold Simon, Seattle's second and third cornerbacks, both of whom enjoyed excellent preseasons. Scariest of all? The Seahawks record-setting pass defense may be better this year. The Seahawks have allowed the fewest points in the league over the past two seasons.
The 12th Man
If you think that winning the first Lombardi Trophy in franchise history will make these fans complacent, think again. The game's most devastating home field advantage has produced noise levels mentioned in the Guinness Book of World Records  -- and most importantly, the second-best home record in the NFL since the stadium's inception in 2002. Furthermore, no home field has created more false start penalties since 2005 than Century Link. The 12s will be ready to feast once again.
Email me at jordan.schultz@huffingtonpost.com or ask me questions about anything sports-related at @Schultz_Report and follow me on Instagram @Schultz_Report. Also, be sure and catch my NBC Sports Radio show, Kup and Schultz, which airs Sunday mornings from 9-12 ET, right here .
More:

U.S. stocks - Indexes post gains for a 5th weekThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Im a taskmaster  not a headmaster  says Narendra ModiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Deepak Fert enters mining services in OzThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Dubai s Emke to invest R700 cr in Kerala IT  logisticsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

US job growth weakest in 8 monthsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Coal crisis: Coal India imports find few takersThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

HC scraps IandB order quashing MSO licence to Kal CablesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Modi  Abbott ink N-dealThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Slow governance led to growth decline: Raghuram RajanThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Heavy rains kill nearly 200 in Himalayan foothillsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Thanks fitte muh. wish all your wishful thinking and hopes materiali...Silver Member
3 Followers
CARE will give 8 Fold returns in two years mainly on account of bonus and stock split put together.  So target of 10000 is not unrealistic.........watch its price in 2016.....and then question me. I know this company. Sesanapo is a good friend.
8.40 PM Sep 5th

Dear valan bro  take it in a light way " you ditched me i could ...Platinum Member
355 Followers
Dear RC :  I am following you  -  please check again, MMB board does strange things, posts disappear suddenly !  Probably a glitch, happens often, no point complaining, these things keep on happening and in my case very regularly.
BTW exited Swiss Glass almost a month back with decent gains. Now will re enter at dips - Holding TVS since 160 levels, did trade once when it was falling ex 1st qtr results.  By chance if it slips below 200 will double my holding in TVS.  When you get time check Adi Fin Chem, have entered recently, looks good, also increased my holding in Shakti Finance and IBWhol.
You enjoy your holiday in UK, say hullo to David Beckham if you meet him, he likes Bombay Falooda and Bhel Puri, his wife Victoria (Posh) likes Masala Dosa and Biriyani !!  Relax RC, have fun  - I do not see Hindi Movies, my last Hindi Movie was Sholay !!
In reply to : rajcarmel message
4.04 PM Sep 6th

Guest sir must be really an employee of acropetal. all investors must...Repost
Guest
No employee would paste, because no employee owns stock, with the expction of the promoter who is absconding.  I have heard rumors that he is absconding in the US, as there is an arrest warrant out for him from Andhra Police.  I know for a fact, that TDS for certain emplyees from years 2011-2012 is still pending.  Apart from PF to employees during that year too.  Only a matter of time before the investigations catch up to Acropetal.
2.27 PM Sep 3rd

Dubais Emke to invest R700 cr in Kerala IT  logisticsApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Write-downs behind  USL to focus on margin improvement: AnalystsApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Lapsed  expired patents become public propertyApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Govt may soon permit 100% FDI in brownfield medical device projectsApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

HC scraps I&B order quashing MSO licence to Kal CablesApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

C Sivasankaran: Once the country s most astute deal maker  now a bankrupt entrepreneurSurajeet Das Gupta, Bhupesh Bhandari, TE Narasimhan & Gireesh Babu |  New Delhi/ Chennai Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 12:20 AM IST
C Sivasankaran: Once the country's most astute deal maker, now a bankrupt entrepreneur
Business Standard traces the life and times of the maverick businessman
On August 26, the Supreme Court of Seychelles declared Chinnakannan Sivasankaran, better known as Siva, bankrupt. An official receiver for Siva's global estate was appointed. It will be this person's job to compile a list of Siva's assets - homes, aircraft, yachts and other baubles - and sell them to pay back his creditors. Amongst Siva's creditors, the largest is BMIC, a Bahrain Telecom, or Batelco, company. In a statement issued from Manama in Bahrain, Batelco CEO Alan Whelan said that the bankruptcy will not "thwart our determination to recover the substantial monies that he owes us". Siva is learnt to have sounded out some Chennai lawyers to find out the implications for his assets in India.
For Siva, the India-born 58-year-old citizen of Seychelles, this was actually his second brush with bankruptcy in less than a year. In October 2013, WinWinD, his Finland-headquartered wind turbine venture, submitted a voluntary bankruptcy petition because it had "been incurring heavy losses for the past several years" and its debts had ballooned to around ^300 million. "The efforts of WinWinD in trying to arrange for necessary funding and approval for restructuring process has not been successful and hence this decision," the company said at that time.
Disbelief about the news of the bankruptcy looms large in Siva's native Chennai. One industry representative insists that when he spoke to Siva last week, he was "cool and calm, and showed no sign of agitation". Siva could not be reached for this report. His senior executives in India too were not available for comment. The Siva group's website still claims that it is a $3-billion conglomerate with interests in "oil palm, commodities trading [minerals], agro exports, shipping and logistics, wind energy, realty & hospitality and education/e-learning", but it is clear that it will take Siva some effort from here to restore his glory.
Not so long ago, Siva was known as the country's most astute deal-maker (to close a deal, he could leave India for the United States in an hour's time), the serial entrepreneur with the Midas touch, who made obscene sums of money in all deals, except one (much of it later). Born on July 29, 1956, Siva started his innings in business in 1985 after he purchased Sterling Computers from Robert Amritraj, father of former tennis star Vijay Amritraj, and launched personal computers for as little as Rs 33,000 - rival machines cost as much as Rs 80,000 at that time. Success was instant. Sterling was catapulted to the top three computer companies of India. Siva would now operate out of the presidential suites of the Ritz-Carlton and Pan Pacific hotels in Singapore and developed a fondness for Rolex gold watches, Montblanc pens and fine food. But it was telecom that would give Siva's business - and reputation - a big boost and ultimately cause him a great deal of heartburn.
In 1992, Siva won a five-year contract from state-owned MTNL, which ran telecom services in Delhi and Mumbai, to print Yellow Pages in its directory for a period of five years. (Allegations of favouritism were made at MTNL at that time for awarding the contract to Siva, but nothing came out of them.) It took Siva little time to sense that the telecom sector would soon be thrown open to the private sector. The possibilities thrilled him. Siva shifted base from Chennai to New Delhi, operating out of a five-star hotel. In 2004, Siva managed to get cellular telephony licences for Delhi and three other telecom circles: Uttar Pradesh (east), Haryana and Rajasthan. Within no time, he sold these licences to his old acquaintance from Chennai, Shashi Ruia of Essar, for $105 million. "He was sharp, well-informed on telecom, a keen negotiator and a man of honour when the deal was done," Ruia had told Business Standard in mid-2004.
MC Hammer
All of a sudden, Siva was loaded. In 1996, he purchased rapper MC Hammer's house in Fremont, California, to set up his base in the United States. The same year, he started to acquire shares in Sunil Mittal's Bharti Telecom. By early 1997, he was sitting on around 10 per cent in the company and demanded a slot on its board of directors. Mittal, no less a negotiator, refused. Eventually, Siva sold the shares to Mittal at Rs 90 apiece; his acquisition cost had been Rs 100. This was the only instance when Siva lost money. But he was still rich. Siva in 1997 bailed out an Indian-owned bank in Thailand along with Hong Kong-based tycoon Hari Harilela. Meanwhile, the Ruias offered him shares in Tamilnad Mercantile Bank. But the Nadar community, which owned the bank, opposed the deal. Two years later, in mid-1999, it bought out Siva's stake. His net gain in the transaction was substantial. Siva next sold Dishnet DSL, the country's first internet DSL provider he had launched in 1998, to VSNL for Rs 270 crore. He even wrote to Rebecca Mark, the CEO of Enron India, to buy the troubled energy company's India business for Rs 1!
Siva found it hard to stay away from telecom. He bought the licence for Tamil Nadu and then acquired the one for Chennai from RPG Cellular. From here, he decided to expand his footprint. In March 2004, Siva applied for the licence in the eight circles of Madhya Pradesh, Assam, North East, West Bengal, Bihar, Orissa, Himachal Pradesh and Jammu & Kashmir. Letters of intent were issued on April 6. The company submitted compliance to the letters of intent on April 20 for seven circles, and sought additional time for Madhya Pradesh. The next day, the company applied for licences for Uttar Pradesh (east) and Uttar Pradesh (west) as well. On May 7, licences were issued for all the circles, except Madhya Pradesh. Then, on May 26, Dayanidhi Maran took over as the Union telecom minister. Siva was now bombarded with queries from the department of telecommunications. His expansion plans got badly stuck at Sanchar Bhawan, the DoT headquarters. "The clarifications sought, besides being vague, were also irrelevant for consideration of application for grant of the universal licence," the Shivraj Patil Committee appointed to report "on the examination of appropriateness of procedures followed by department of telecommunications in issuance of licences and allocation of spectrum during the period 2001-2009" said in January 2011.
More was in store for Siva. In June 2004, one month after Maran had become the telecom minister, Siva had entered into an agreement with Hutchison to sell his Tamil Nadu operations for Rs 1,200 crore - this would have given him the funds to roll out in the rest of the country. The rule book said that any transfer of equity would require the assent of DoT. Thus, on June 28, Siva sought DoT's approval for the stake sale, and provided all relevant documents by August 14. But DoT did not give its nod, nor did it provide any reason for the inactivity. On March 3, 2005, Dayanidhi Maran sent the file back on the pretext that a report on mergers and acquisitions was awaited. The same month, Siva cancelled the deal.
It later also came to light that state-owned BSNL, during those days, did not provide interconnectivity to Siva's Aircel. In 2005, BSNL was the dominant provider of fixed-line services with 40 per cent of the 40 million subscribers, and was a sizeable player in mobile services too with 23 per cent of the 48 million connections. If BSNL did not provide connectivity to any operator, it was doomed. Finally, in August 2005, BSNL did relent and agreed to give Aircel access to points of interconnection, but only in 76 of the 461 points. In December 2005, Siva announced that he would sell Aircel to Maxis of Malaysia, promoted by Tatparanandam Ananda Krishna, a Malaysian of Sri Lankan origin. In March 2006, Maxis informed its shareholders that the Aircel deal had been completed. Things now began to move fast at the DoT headquarters at Sanchar Bhawan. All the clearances came quickly.
Siva was known to be close to the leadership of the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam, Maran's party, as well as Murasoli Maran, the minister's father. Legend has it that at an industry interaction in 1989, where other businessmen were paying inane homilies, Siva's plain-speak made quite an impact on the chief minister and DMK chief, M Karunanidhi. Then why did Maran turn against Siva? Unconfirmed reports suggest that Maran did not like Siva's closeness to Ratan Tata, then Tata Sons chairman. Siva had helped Tata Teleservices source cheap equipment for its rollout by playing off a US multinational against a European giant. He subsequently bought 10 per cent in Tata Teleservices. On the other hand, there was a "chemistry problem" between Tata and Maran. It reportedly arose when Tata decided to get into DTH. The Sun TV network also had an eye on the space and was keen to tie up with Tata. But Tata had decided to go ahead with The British Sky Broadcasting Group.
On Monday, June 6, 2011, Siva dropped a bombshell when he came to the Central Bureau of Investigation headquarters in New Delhi and claimed that he was forced by the Maran brothers, Dayanidhi and Kalanithi, to sell Aircel to Maxis. He provided CBI with a list of 10 witnesses, most of them based abroad, to support his charge: bankers, venture capitalists and lawyers. Maran refuted the allegation and said newspaper reports "clearly prove that this particular company was parading itself even before I became the telecom minister". But that didn't cut much ice. Last week, CBI filed a charge sheet saying that the Marans received Rs 742 crore for coercing Siva to sell Aircel to Maxis in the garb of investments in Sun Direct (the DTH operator) and South Asia FM.
Even after he had sold Aircel, Siva continued to nurture telecom dreams. The telecom ministry, now under Andimuthu Raja, had declared its intent to hand out more licences on first-come, first-served basis. The price for a pan-India licence (22 telecom circles) was Rs 1,658 crore. One of the companies to get those controversy-ridden licences was STel. (It had got six circles: Orissa, Bihar, Himachal Pradesh, Northeast, Assam and Jammu & Kashmir). Siva had acquired 51 per cent of it. While there were rumblings that licences had been handed out by Raja at throwaway prices, Siva, in November 2007 wrote to Mamohan Singh, then prime minister, that he would pay the government a revenue share of Rs 6,000 crore over 10 years for a pan-India licence. A month later, it raised the offer to Rs 13,752 crore. Using this as the benchmark, the Comptroller & Auditor General said in its damning report the loss to the government in the spectrum allocation came to Rs 67,364 crore. In September 2011, it transpired that there wasn't complete agreement in the CAG team over the calculation because the company had subsequently withdrawn the offer.
Batelco bought 49 per cent in STel in 2009 for Rs 1,000 crore. By then, opposition to the allotment of inexpensive spectrum had gathered momentum. The United Progressive Alliance government came under fire. Raja was removed. Several people, including Raja, were taken into custody. Finally, in February 2012, the Supreme Court cancelled all the 122 licences allotted by Raja. STel, which had about 3.6 million subscribers in five circles, had no option but to shut shop. That is when BMIC, which owned 42.7 per cent in the company, invoked the "put" option under which in an exigency like this Siva had to buy out its stake at the price at which it had been bought: $212 million. BMIC says Siva never paid up. According to one account, Siva wrote to Singh, then prime minister, within days of the Supreme Court verdict to demand Rs 1,700 crore for surrendering the licences. All his entreaties fell on deaf ears. Last month, BMIC got an order from an English high court to freeze Siva's assets worldwide. A few days later, Siva was declared bankrupt in Seychelles.
What went wrong? An answer possibly resides on the Siva group website. "Foresight is a gift," it says. "And when you combine it with skill and commercial acumen, the result is often breathtaking."
THE SERIAL ENTREPRENEUR
No conversation with Siva can end without exchanging notes on food. Seafood is his all-time favourite. At meals, he would serve the finest of the world cuisine. Overindulgence would frequently lead to serious guilt pangs. That propelled Siva to foray into the health business. In the early 1990s, when he was operating out of a five-star hotel in New Delhi, Siva had two snazzy treadmills installed in his suite. Several unsuspecting visitors were made to use them. He then started a state-of-the-art gym in Chennai which was used by top cricketers. In the same vein, he set up a chain of health-food restaurants that were designed like a sushi bar. He chose to call them Aiwo. Two were opened in Singapore and one in Chennai. Though Siva wanted to take it global, Aiwo has morphed into a weight-loss clinic called Ken, with a branch each in Mumbai and Chennai. He even invested in the Chiva Som Resort in Thailand, Asia's first spa destination.
In April 2004, Siva bought coffee chain Barista from Turner Morrison and Tata Sons for around Rs 65 crore. He was quite charged up with the acquisition. He told Business Standard that he would make Barista "the Starbucks of India" and would expand its network from 100 outlets to 3,000 in three years' time, including one in this newspaper's office. He also wanted to expand the menu to include falafel and sushi. Before three years passed, he had sold Barista to Lavazza of Italy for $100 million because he had decided to "focus and expand in the business of renewable energy". That quest made him acquire WinWinD in 2006.
In 2007, he bought 49 per cent into Sahara group's Aamby Valley project, on the condition that Sahara would buy back his shares at a pre-determined price three years later. He got Rs 1,680 crore from the sale. In 2008, Siva bought a Norwegian shipping company called JB Ugland Shipping for around $300 million. An information memorandum for a private placement of debentures by Siva Ventures in June 2009 disclosed that Siva had taken the 931-hectare Coetivy Island in Seychelles, 290 km south of Mahe, on a 99-year lease to develop a mega township. That is what seems to have taken Siva to that country.
For all his profitable deals, Siva left behind a trail of failed ventures. He had tied up with Subhash Chandra of Essel to get into DTH but the project never got off the ground. He had announced a $1-billion undersea cable line from Chennai to Guam but Sunil Mittal got a similar project up and running first, which ended the viability of Siva's plan. At various times, he is known to have dropped plans to buy VSNL from the government (the Tata group bagged it), set up a 2,500-apartment residential complex in Chennai, erect a chemicals plant at Cuddalore and acquire a factory to make tungsten for defence. Serial entrepreneur for sure, but the tag would often hurt Siva when he went out to recruit people. "He looks at each business for not more than five years," says a Chennai-based industry watcher. "That's why the best talent doesn't join him."
 

Alibaba targets launch week for IPOLast updated: August 30, 2014 8:59 am
Alibaba targets launch week for IPO
By Nicole Bullock in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4d6c552a-300b-11e4-9914-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brushing risk for Alibabas IPO figuresAugust 29, 2014 5:00 pm
‘Brushing’ casts doubt on Alibaba figures as $20bn IPO looms
By Charles Clover in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d72ec42a-2f87-11e4-83e4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hollywood stars and the hackersSeptember 5, 2014 6:45 pm
Hollywood stars and the hackers
Stolen pictures carry wider lessons about digital security
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e8f5c8ba-34f1-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Former Alstom employees face UK chargesJuly 25, 2014 5:36 pm
UK intends to charge former Alstom employees with corruption
By Caroline Binham, Legal Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/92b27dbe-1402-11e4-8485-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SFO charges Alstom with corruptionJuly 24, 2014 3:34 pm
SFO charges Alstom with corruption
By Caroline Binham, Legal Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6f63b83a-1323-11e4-925a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ex-Rabobank trader guilty in Libor caseAugust 18, 2014 11:15 pm
Former Rabobank trader pleads guilty in US Libor case
By Kara Scannell in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e2d261ea-2719-11e4-a46a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RBS Libor probe to drag on to next yearAugust 10, 2014 5:26 pm
RBS Libor probe to drag on to next year
By Caroline Binham, Legal Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/96d73fa0-1f11-11e4-9d7d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Quentin Richardson lists mansion for $1.1M  expects huge lossQuentin Richardson lists mansion for $1.1M, expects huge loss
Quentin Richardson
Bruce Bennett/Getty
Quentin Richardson #55 of the New York Knicks dribbles the ball against the Atlanta Hawks at Madison Square Garden on April 17, 2013, in New York City.
Quentin Richardson #55 of the New York Knicks dribbles the ball against the Atlanta Hawks at Madison Square Garden on April 17, 2013, in New York City. (Bruce Bennett/Getty)
By Bob Goldsborough, Special to the Tribune
Quentin Richardson looking at huge loss on his Palos Heights mansion.
Former Chicago Bear Trumaine McBride happy to sell Wadsworth house.
Chicago native and retired NBA player Quentin Richardson, who was a standout for DePaul University before embarking on a 12-year career with five teams, has listed his five-bedroom, 10,900-square-foot mansion in Palos Heights for $1.1 million. The asking price is half what he paid for it.
Richardson, 34, didn't play in the NBA last season; the Toronto Raptors cut him in September 2013. Last week, he was named the Detroit Pistons' director of player development.
Richardson is anticipating a major loss on his mansion in the Westgate Valley Estates subdivision. He paid $2.2 million in 2006 to buy the mansion from lottery winner Alex Snelius, who paid $2.03 million in 2001. The asking price is illustrative of a lack of other Palos Heights sales in excess of $2 million.
In March 2013, former major league baseball player Braden Looper sold his 4,209-square-foot house in the subdivision for $630,000, $230,000 less than he paid for it in 2004.
Records show that only one house in Westgate Valley Estates has sold for more than $1.1 million.

Jimmy Fallon Freaks Out Over Adam Levine s Michael Jackson Impressionreddit
This episode of "The Tonight Show" is brought to you by the letters OMG.
In his first show back from break, Jimmy Fallon played a new game with Adam Levine called " Wheel of Musical Impressions ." In the game, the two performed awesome impressions of random musicians singing random songs, including Bob Dylan singing "Rude" and Iggy Azalea singing "Old MacDonald Had A Farm."
Fallon's impressions are hilarious, but Levine steals the show like a "Smooth Criminal" with a performance of Michael Jackson singing the "Sesame Street" theme that sweeps all the clouds away.
"The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon" airs weeknights at 11:35 p.m. ET on NBC.
Related on HuffPost:

Modi govt may allow EPFO to invest in markets» MORE FROM VIDEOS
BREAKING NEWS
Narendra Modi government may allow EPFO to invest in markets, Rs 6,000 crore to flow into stocks annually
By Vikas Dhoot , ET Bureau | 5 Sep, 2014, 06.52AM IST
0
Share More
Proposed change in norms may funnel Rs 6,000 crore annually into stocks, making PF body second-biggest domestic investor.
()
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: The Narendra Modi government may shatter a longstanding bar on the state-run pension fund putting money into equities, sending a flood of money — estimated at Rs 6,000 crore per year at least — into the stock markets, potentially making this the biggest source of domestic institutional investment after LIC.
Such a move, which comes as attractive returns from the Indian stock markets have drawn the world's biggest pension funds, could ease some of the concentration of risk that stems from overseas investors dominating the market, experts said. India's largest retirement fund, the Rs 6.5-lakh-crore Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO), has finally opened its mind about entering the stock market , after nearly a decade of resistance to a finance ministry pitch to park a part of its kitty in equities.
To start with, it is looking at deploying 5% of its corpus in stocks , index funds and exchange-traded funds, based on the recommendation of a high-level panel set up by EPFO that ET has reviewed. To make this possible, EPFO has said the obsolete Indian Trusts Act, 1882, needs to be amended to allow trusts to invest in securities that are not backed by the government. The UPA regime had introduced a Bill to carry out these changes in 2009, but it let the legislation lapse though a parliamentary panel led by BJP's Murli Manohar Joshi had given its approval.
Annual fund flow to EPFO kitty set to rise
Annual inflows into the EPFO kitty amount to about Rs 60,000 crore but are expected to go up sharply thanks to an increase in the salary ceiling for statutory provident fund (PF) contributions from Rs 6,500 per month to Rs 15,000 per month, effective from September 1.
The change of stance on equities within EPFO, the country's second-largest nonbanking financial institution after Life Insurance Corporation , is being driven by two imperatives — the need to generate better returns for members and an inability to find suitable investment options that can be compounded by the higher accretions to its corpus expected in the coming months.
In internal presentations to board members, top PF officials have said the annual EPF rate has been lower than consumer price inflation in four of the past five years, so there is a need to boost returns by considering equity, infrastructure and real estate investments that pension funds around the world use to prevent the erosion of savings through this avenue. Over 85% of EPFO's money is currently held in government bonds while the rest is parked in debentures or securities issued by banks and public sector enterprises. Though investments in private sector debt are allowed, the norms are so strict that only 5.65% of its corpus is invested in such bonds out of a permissible allocation of 10%.
Conservative back-of-the-envelope calculations indicate that 5% of incremental inflows earmarked for equity investments could add up to around Rs 6,000 crore a year. In 2011-12, LIC had invested Rs 50,000 crore in equities. By contrast, overseas funds invested Rs 47,000 crore in equities in that year to March — the lowest since 2008-09.
Page 1 of 2

Mallya stands his ground  to contest wilful defaulter tagMallya stands his ground, to contest ‘wilful defaulter’ tag
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Bangalore, September 05, 2014
First Published: 00:31 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:44 IST(5/9/2014)
Comments
Vijay Mallya, the embattled chairman of UB Group who has been declared a “wilful defaulter” by one of his creditors United Bank of India, refuted charges made by the bank, reiterating that he would take legal recourse and dismissed suggestions that he would have to vacate board positions.
Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of the annual general meet of United Breweries and Mangalore Chemical & Fertilisers (MCF) on Thursday Mallya said, “In response to the United Bank of India action, I have already issued a statement, which says that we strongly deny allegations made, that we disagree with findings of the grievance redressal committee”.
“I have great faith in the judicial system of the country. I shall certainly pursue all legal remedies available to me,” he said.
Mallya also claimed that none of the UB shareholders had asked him to step down from the board as chairman in light of the wilful defaulter tag.
“Nobody asked me to step down. They (investors) did not ask any question or raised concerns with me in the meeting (AGM),” he added.
Asked about UBI executive director’s statement that UB Group was given time to present its case, Mallya said “I cannot get into media debate on what the United Bank of India executive director has said. We were not given hearing, we have not appeared before them, we disagree with their action, and we shall pursue with legal remedies.”
 Responding to a query on other banks such as SBI and Axis planning similar actions against him, Mallya said “There is no point in indulging in speculation. We will take each one as it comes”.
Despite being a minority shareholder after stake sale, Mallya remains chairman of United Spirits Ltd and United Breweries Ltd, which are controlled by Diageo and Heineken respectively.
Saroj Poddar, chairman of Adventz Group, said the crisis is unlikely to affect its pact with MCF.
“The situation remains unchanged as (status of) wilful defaulter is irrelevant as far as my agreement with Mallya over Mangalore Chemicals is concerned... we continue to remain interested and that position remain unchanged,” Poddar told reporters on the sidelines of the AGM of his group company Texmaco Rail.
Poddar in May teamed up with Mallya to up the bid price for a 26% stake in MCFL to thwart a move by Deepak Fertilisers and Chemicals, which has been trying to acquire a controlling stake in the company.
As per the agreement Mallya was supposed to continue as the chairman of MCFL.
“The only difference that will happen is Mallya remaining chairman and the board positions. Beyond that I think there would be any change,” Poddar said.
However, he said, “But the agreement obviously has to be modified as when we did the pact we never forsee this scenario.”
Poddar said Mallya had told him there had not been any wilful default.
(with Agency inputs)

Maruti Suzuki to commission Gujarat plant by 2017Maruti Suzuki to commission Gujarat plant by 2017 due to slowdown
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 10:43 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Maruti Suzuki India, the country's largest carmaker, will commission its new plant in Gujarat by 2017 due to market slowdown.
The new car manufacturing plant will be financed by Suzuki Motor Corporation (SMC).
"All the investments would be made by SMC. This arrangement will strengthen Maruti Suzuki as the profit does not come from manufacturing cars. It comes from selling cars and the right models, with the competition intensifying in the market," RC Bhargava, chairman, Maruti Suzuki India said during his address at the company's 33rd annual general meeting on Thursday.
"Maruti Suzuki will use its cash for investing in marketing and sales, expanding network and making right models," he said.
The company is the biggest subsidiary of SMC both in terms of profits and turnover. Currently, it has cash reserves of around Rs 8,000 crore ($1.3 billion).
In the current financial year, Maruti Suzuki India said it expects sales volume to grow by the double digits. Sales have expanded by 16 per cent in the first five months.
The company further said that it will now pay royalty to SMC in Indian rupees to get insulated from currency fluctuations.
Maruti further said that it has been working on a sports utility vehicle (SUV), a compact SUV and a light commercial vehicle.

Murthy regains top spot  dislodges Ambani to 2ndNR Narayana Murthy regains top spot in most powerful CEOs list, dislodges Mukesh Ambani to second position
Dibeyendu Ganguly, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 06.46AM IST
Tags:
Azim Premji
(Now in its 10th year,…)
MUMBAI: Last year, there was a chorus of disapproval when NR Narayana Murthy returned from an emeritus role to take charge as executive chairman of Infosys, with son Rohan designated as his executive assistant.
As it turned out, Murthy's term ended in about a year, wrapped up neatly with the appointment of his company's first 'outside' CEO. Corporate India has endorsed Murthy's performance the second time round at Infosys by voting him No. 1 in the 'India Inc's Most Powerful CEOs' listing. Murthy displaces last year's No. 1Mukesh Ambani of Reliance Industries , who slips to 2.
Now in its 10th year, The Economic Times India Inc's Most Powerful CEOs listing is based on a survey conducted by IMRB International.
More than 500 executives evaluate CEOs
More than 500 corporate executives of the rank of vice-president, general manager and above are asked to evaluate CEOs on parameters such as performance, leadership, stature, social contribution and governance. Murthy topped the rankings for the first three years of the survey, then ceded the position to Ratan Tata, who held it for three years in a row.
But Murthy has always remained in the top three, until he was dropped as a contender when he took a back-seat at Infosys and KV Kamath was appointed chairman of Infosys in 2011.
Now designated non-executive chairman, Murthy is back to playing a handsoff role. "Infosys is like my middle child, so when the board invited me to return and add value to the company, I could not say no, though some people said there would be no upside for me in this," he says. "Leadership is about doing the right thing, even if it means going against a vast number of naysayers and mediocre people."
The Most Powerful CEOs listing is based largely on the ET 500, so a large turnover, asset base and market capitalisation definitely enhance a CEO's chances of making it to the top of the class. At No. 7, ICICI Bank's Chanda Kochhar is the highest ranking woman. In a top10 dominated by promoters -- Kumar Mangalam Birla , Azim Premji , Anil Ambani, Anand Mahindra --she is also the highest-ranked professional CEO, followed by Natarajan Chandrasekaran of TCS , who is at No. 9. "I've probably been voted in because of my job. Banks are the catalyst for the country's economic growth and have the capability to make an impact.
That would be the reason why bank CEOs would be considered powerful," Kochhar says.
Still, when it comes to the top 20, the public perception of the CEO does count. Though he now heads one of India's most important business houses, Cyrus Mistry is just outside the top 10 at 11, up from 13 last year. Meanwhile, Gautam Adani's ranking in business has climbed almost in tandem with Narendra Modi's ascent in politics. Adani has vaulted to No. 13, up from 30 last year.
Another promoter CEO who has zoomed up the rankings is Dilip Shanghvi , who is now at 17, up from 56 last year. Sun Pharma was named Company of the Year at the last ET Awards for Corporate Excellence and Shanghvi has subsequently been in the news for his ongoing takeover of Ranbaxy .
And finally, there's Flipkart, whose Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal make their debut in the list at 51. They are one notch above SK Roy, chairman of Life Insurance Corp. of India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Long term and regular investment key to making good moneyYou are here: Home > Collections > Investors
Long term and regular investment key to making good money in the stock market
Nikhil Walavalkar, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 12.30PM IST
Tags:
Charles Merrill
(They are the big institutional…)
MUMBAI: We have all heard the story about the hypothetical match-up between Wall Street whiz kids with fancy degrees and a plethora of analytical tools and the monkey which picks winners.
Economist Burton Malkiel says in his book 'A Random Walk Down Wall Street' that a blindfolded monkey throwing darts at a newspaper's financial pages could select a portfolio that would do just as well as one carefully selected by experts.
The Wall Street Journal tried out an experiment based on this theory and found that the analysts won against the random dart throwers but the margin was not very big. Ever since Charles Merrill (Good Time Charlie) began holding seminars and workshops in post Second World War America to entice American households to invest in the market, experts have been obsessed about the right investing approach.
Do you need full-fledged research and deep analytical understanding to pick out winners? Should you do passive investing if that can help you spot winners and make decent money? Finally, are passive investors better off than the nerdy, analytically-inclined who work with tons of data? There are no easy answers to such questions and they will keep getting discussed as long as stock markets are open and investing gives people an opportunity to beef up their bank balances.
But we at ET tried to approach this from a different angle. It is an article of faith among investors that it is better to buy at the bottom than at the top. Those who do the latter are often derisively referred to as retailwallahs with no sense or understanding of the market, while the brainy ones are supposed to be experts at timing the market.
They are the big institutional investors who swoop in just when stock prices are low and leave just at the time when prices have peaked. Buy low and sell high. Sounds just about right.
Except that it is not as clear cut as that. Our exercise was basically aimed at figuring out how two different approaches to investing worked. Do you do fabulously well if consistently bought stocks at cheap prices? Conversely, are you a dumb investor if you consistently purchased when prices were high? We studied the BSE Sensex at various points in the past 24 years and identified the high and low points for each year.
We then analysed what would happen if two hypothetical individuals invested Rs 1,000 each every year for the past 24 years. One consistently bought at the Sensex's highest point, while the other purchased at the index's lowest point.
According to conventional theory, the smart investor is supposed to have performed better. Though most investors believe that investing in stock markets require an uncanny sense of timing and stock-picking skills, in effect, it's the time spent in the market that's most important. Investors often dream of buying at the lowest price and selling at the highest, something that rarely happens.
 
On the contrary, a disciplined investor who invests regularly in the market, ends up with good money. "You do not have to time the market, investing regularly in equities can give good returns in the long term," says Raamdeo Agrawal, joint managing director, Motilal Oswal Financial Services.
The results of our study bear this out. Even a layman can make money in equity markets if he invests regularly. The smart investor does a lot of research, has an army of professionals to help him, employs the best analytical tools, and more importantly, has loads of luck on the Street.
While the dumb one, however, always buys at the highest point, with the worst possible luck. But look at the results and the difference between the two approaches is not very big. The dumb investor with very little luck would have made a return of 11.54% while the smart investor would have returned 14.82%.
The numbers do not include dividends declared by the constituent companies. Devendra Nevgi, CEO, Zyfin Advisors, says, "A point to note is that the smart investor has done his best and there's little scope to improve his performance. However, the dumb investor has ample scope to improve, as he need not necessarily buy at the highest point each year."
Even if the dumb investor manages to buy a bit lower than the peak each year, his performance numbers will improve. And for this, he needn't employ a battery of resources. An optimistic view on equities can help investors take a staggered exposure to shares over a long period of time. If investors know how to pick stocks, they can improve their performance by beating the benchmark.
"If you cannot pick stocks on your own, give your money to a professional money manager by enrolling in a systematic investment plan in a diversified equity fund or invest in an index fund," Agrawal says.
In the long run, good quality companies can beat the benchmark by a decent margin and, in the process, end up rewarding shareholders. Professional money managers can pick and choose stocks for their portfolios that can outperform the broad markets.
According to Value Research, a mutual fund tracking firm, large-cap funds as a category has given 13.04% returns as against 12% delivered by the BSE Sensex over five years ended September 3.
Investors should look at investing regularly in schemes with long-term track record to generate healthy returns and not just look at timing the market. Even with all the best analysis and the time spent on number crunching, the results may not be spectacular.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Employees make big bucks from share sales as HNIs hunt for sunrise sectorsEmployees make big bucks from share sales as HNIs hunt for sunrise sectors
Prashant Mahesh, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 12.30PM IST
(With the emergence of wealth…)
MUMBAI: Big bucks from share sales are not just made in the stock market. Employees, especially those working for financial services and ecommerce companies, have started making a killing though their companies are not yet listed.
In the past few months, shares of some of India Inc's biggest financial services firms have changed hands in off-market deals as high net worth individuals and brokers chase investment opportunities in companies with a high probability of listing within the next three years.
Traditionally, an employee or a small shareholder of an unlisted company had limited options in case of an exit. They could wait for an IPO or sell it back to the management in case there was a buyback arrangement.
With the emergence of wealth management firms and the rise in the number of high net worth individuals, these options have increased. The trend, which began with financial services companies, is now extending to ecommerce firms such as Snapdeal.
"In the unlisted space, there's a huge appetite among HNIs to own firms that are not represented in the listed space," says Rajesh Cheruvu, chief investment officer, RBS Private Banking.
HNIs Hunting in Sunrise Sectors
Anshu Kapoor, head of private wealth management at Edelweiss Capital, says many HNI family offices are scouting for opportunities in sunrise sectors such as mobile applications, healthcare and telecom.
A look at some recent deals shows employees and other residual shareholders of financial services companies to be among the big beneficiaries. For instance, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance had offered Esops in various tranches of Rs 30, Rs 42, Rs 70 and Rs 130 in 2005-09. These shares have now changed hands at Rs 210-225 giving a 300% return to the selling employees.
Shares of Kolhapur-based Ratnakar Bank were recently sold at Rs 170, a 209% gain for employees who bought at Rs 52-55. In March, private equity fund CDC acquired a 4.8% stake in the lender at Rs 128.1 a share, valuing the bank at Rs 3,500 crore. That's risen to Rs 4,625 crore based on the latest transactions. Employees of HDFC Standard Life exercised their Esops at Rs 28.36 apiece in March 2012 and Rs 27.37 in March 2014.
Shares have been bought recently for Rs 140, a 393% return. In UTI Mutual Fund, the weighted average exercise price of Esops issued in 2007 and vested in 2012-13 is Rs 206 while the shares currently trade at Rs 300, giving investors a 46% appreciation.
  Some transactions are also believed to have taken place in the booming ecommerce sector with past employees of firms such as Snapdeal among the sellers. Transactions have been few and details about price and valuation could not be ascertained. Unlike listed stocks, the unlisted space has few brokers and trades are made through known sources.
Often, a broker accumulates small lots of shares from employees who have earned them as Esops, or from investors who have bought earlier and are looking for an exit. Once the broker has a sizeable chunk of shares, typically worth more than Rs 1 crore, it's offered to HNIs. The biggest deterrent in the case of unlisted shares, when compared with listed ones, is the tax treatment, say experts. "The tax treatment of unlisted stocks is unfavourable compared with listed stocks," says Sandeep Ginodia, director, Sapphire Wealth Management Systems.
Investments routed through the stock exchange and held for more than a year qualify for zero long-term capital gains tax. However, taxation is different for unlisted shares: you have to pay shortterm capital gains tax of 30% if you sell before three years and long-term capital gains tax of 10% or 20% with indexation if you sell them after three years.
Also, as per regulatory guidelines, preissue capital will be locked for one year from the date of a public issue. That means investors can sell only a year after the public issue. Also, an employee who acquires an Esop pays a perquisite tax which is the difference between the fair market value (FMV) of the shares on the date of exercise of the option and the price paid by the employee.
Since these companies are unlisted, very little financial information is available. Also, because there's no formal platform to trade these shares, the demand-supply situation varies and the price at which deals are struck could be a function of the quantity, demand-supply situation and the sentiment prevailing in the secondary markets.
Unlike listed shares, where a holder can exit through the stock exchange, liquidity is poor in unlisted companies. You would have to look for an IPO or another buyer. Brokers advise investors to be careful about promoter pedigree and management as there have been several instances in the past when companies offloaded shares to investors and simply disappeared.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Analysts not much excited about the prospects of Maruti CiazAnalysts not much excited about the prospects of Maruti Ciaz; sales of 2,000 units a month critical to beat competition
Ashutosh Shyam, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 06.26AM IST
Tags:
Ertiga
(Analysts ET spoke to predict…)
Analysts tracking Maruti Suzuki aren't too excited about its latest offering, the Ciaz sedan. But they expect the SX Cross, a utility vehicle that India's top car maker is readying for launch, to be a potential winner.
Analysts ET spoke to predict the new car to do 1,500-2,000 units a month initially, as unsettling the grip of Honda Motor in the mid-size car space is going to be tough and also because of the increasing popularity of sports utility vehicles that are eating into sedan sales.
They say, to make a meaningful contribution to Maruti's sales and profit margin, the car's volume should cross 2,000 units a month and, if that happens, they are ready to give a relook at estimates. "The success of a model in the sedan segment means it should sell more than 2,000 units per month," said an analyst with a multinational brokerage house who didn't want to be named.
Basudep Banerjee, auto analyst at Antique Stock Broking, said Ciaz sales will most likely be driven by capturing volume from rival models like the Linea, Verna and Vento, as it is very difficult to expand the market size.
"The features offered at very competitive pricing could attract a lot of new customers, but we would be looking at revising our volume estimate only if it attains critical size," he said.
Analysts expect Maruti's sales volume to grow 13% in the current fiscal year through March 2015 and 18% in fiscal 2016, faster than the industry that is expected to expand 9% this year and 14% in the next.
The Honda City has over half the share of the mid-size segment, selling 7,000-8,000 units a month. Analysts say it would be difficult for Ciaz to make a dent on City's volume entirely on the basis of lower pricing, because sedan customer often don't base their buying decision on price alone.
Aspiration aspect plays a major role. The onslaught of SUVs and multipurpose vehicles is a threat for sedans. Maruti's own Ertiga , Mahindra's XUV 500 and Ford Motor's Ecosport have eaten away the market of the sedan segment.
This is a key reason sales volume in the sedan segment has been falling consistently. Average sales of mid-sized sedan have dropped to 14,000 units a month in the past two months from 16,000 in FY13. Sedan sales have been falling since February 2013.
The increasing customer appetite for utility vehicles is what makes analysts keen on the SX Cross. It is likely to be "better placed in the product portfolio to obtain more volumes and, hence, higher realisation and margins" for Maruti, said Banerjee of Antique.
In the near term, Banerjee expects Maruti's margin expansion to come from a weaker Japanese yen.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Allegations of impropriety against Ranjit SinhaAllegations of impropriety against CBI Director Ranjit Sinha; domestic staff of 22
ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 06.36AM IST
Tags:
CBI status report
(The purported details spilled…)
NEW DELHI: The head of India's top investigating agency, fighting allegations of impropriety in the Supreme Court, had to put up with the airing of details about his domestic arrangements and was unable to persuade judges to impose a gag order on the media reporting details of entries in his visitors' book. The purported details spilled on Thursday included the number of domestic staff who work for Ranjit Sinha , the embattled director of the Central Bureau of Investigation, which was put at 22.
They include seven cooks, three drivers and one cobbler , according to the affidavit filed by Centre for Public Interest Litigation (CPIL) lawyer Prashant Bhushan. This comes as pressure is intensifying on Sinha to recuse himself from the 2G and coal cases after the entry register showed persons linked to the accused visiting his residence, some of them allegedly late at night.
The CBI director later threatened to sue the NGO over the allegations against him. ACBI spokesperson said: "Bhushan's allegations in an affidavit on oath are false and malicious." Sinha told reporters while leaving his office earlier in the day that he would "recuse myself from the coal case if the Supreme Court orders me to". The Supreme Court will resume hearings on the matter on September 9.
The entry register, which runs into hundreds of pages, was maintained by Indo-Tibetan Border Police personnel, according to the affidavit. Sinha was ITBP director-general before being appointed CBI chief.
The CBI spokesperson refused to respond to questions on the matter, saying that they should be directed to the ITBP.
The bench comprising HL Dattu , set to become Chief Justice of India later this month, and SA Bobde deferred hearing Sinha's objection to the court taking cognisance of the alleged entry register till September 9, when it will decide whether the CBI director should recuse himself from these cases. The names in the register are said to include various people facing charges themselves or linked to those who have cases.
The bench asked Bhushan to submit copies of the entry register through an affidavit so that the court can deal with the issue. These had been produced in support of the demand that Sinha step aside from the 2G case. On Thursday, another NGO, Common Cause, which has challenged the coal block allocations, filed a fresh plea demanding that Sinha recuse himself from that case as well. This fresh application was also filed through Bhushan.
At the start of the much-awaited hearing on Thursday, there were fireworks in court when Sinha's lawyer Vikas Singh accused the media of infringing on the CBI director's "right to privacy and reputation". Singh incidentally is 2G-case accused Shahid Balwa's counsel as well.
Singh demanded a blanket ban on any publishing of material related to the entry register. "This is a huge invasion of privacy. Somebody's reputation is at stake," the senior advocate said. "He is an important functionary of the government. If he meets a dignitary at home, any dignitary, it will be debated. He met them in a personal capacity, in a confidential manner," he said. Dattu rejected this.
"The press has its freedom." Singh also protested against leaks in the media. "These are a matter of concern," he said. "The court must reject these papers," he said, referring to the entry register copies that were submitted in a sealed cover. "The court (should) also ask the petitioner how they procured the material," Singh said.
The court assured him that it would certainly ask the NGO if the documents were procured in a lawful manner. "You will have a say. The heavens are not going to fall in a day or two," Dattu told Singh, who demanded an urgent hearing to clear the CBI director's name. "Pendency of these proceedings will hurt his reputation," the lawyer said. Dattu rejected his pleas, saying that the bench was monitoring the case.
Common Cause said Sinha should be asked to disengage from the coal case. "There are incontrovertible facts in public domain which lead to the inescapable conclusion that it is necessary to remove Sinha from the case for ensuring fair and impartial investigations," it said. "Before spelling out the new revelations, the petitioners would like to enumerate the instances of undue interference on the part of Sinha already on the record of this court."
One accusation was that he tried to change the CBI status report submitted to the court at the behest of the executive, it said. He was also instrumental in repeatedly over-ruling investigative officers and forcing them to desist from registering first information reports or regular cases in instances where preliminary enquiries had been registered, the application alleged.

Govt plans to incorporate provision to remove CBI chief on misbehaviorYou are here: Home > Collections
Government plans to incorporate provision to remove CBI chief on grounds of proven misbehavior
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 06.24AM IST
Tags:
BJP
(Ranjit Sinha, is in the…)
NEW DELHI: The BJP government at the Centre plans to amend the law to incorporate a specific provision for the removal of the CBI Director on grounds of proven misbehaviour to correct an anomaly in the present law in which there is no provision to remove the director of the premier investigating agency before the end of a two-year-fixed term.
The present CBI chief, Ranjit Sinha , is in the eye of a storm over allegations leveled against him of meeting those accused or close to the accused in the 2G and coal scam at his residence.
Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad told a television channel on Thursday that a CBI Director must maintain ?certain standards? in view of the nature of cases the agency handles. The government?s options regarding Sinha, who will finish his tenure on December 2, are however limited.
The Delhi Police Special Establishment (DPSE) Act, which governs CBI, has no provision for removal of the CBI Director. It simply says the Centre will appoint a CBI Director for a two-year-fixed term on recommendation of a committee headed by the Central Vigilance Commissioner .
A senior government official said the present government plans to take forward a suggestion made by the UPA government to give powers to the Centre to remove a CBI Director. The provision which could be inserted in the DPSE Act will stipulate that a CBI Director can be removed from office by order of the President on the ground of proved misbehaviour or incapacity, based on the report filed by the Central Vigilance Commissioner.
?The suggestion was put before the Supreme Court last year after a Group of Ministers (GoM) headed by then Finance Minister P. Chidambaram went into the issue of CBI autonomy. The present government may bring the same before the Cabinet soon or wait for SC?s go-ahead to it,? the top government official said.
In a report released by then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in January, it was mentioned that the government was mulling introducing provisions for removal of CBI Director. The present law says a CBI Director can at most be transferred before the end of his term, but only after the consent of the committee headed by the CVC that selected him. However, in Sinha?s case, a transfer is also not possible as he is technically a retired officer given he is above 60 years of age. A senior government functionary has told ET that the government is keeping a close watch on the proceedings in the apex court in the matter and an adverse ruling or observation against the CBI Director may render his position untenable. ?A CBI Director can always resign,? he said.
Sinha has denied all allegations against him, saying it is part of a ?deep-rooted conspiracy.?
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt wants to improve CBI s image: Venkaiah Naidu on SinhaCBI
(He was asked about the view…)
NEW DELHI: Government wants to improve the image of CBI, Union Minister M Venkaiah Naidu said today while refusing to be drawn into the controversy over the alleged visit by various people who are under CBI probe to the residence of agency director Ranjit Sinha .
"The matter is already before the highest court of the land. And any comment by me will not go well. Secondly, we are ...for improving the image of CBI, that has been our stand and we stand by the same stand even today also," the Parliamentary Affairs Minister said at a 'Meet the Press' programme organised by the Press Club of India.
He was asked about the view of the government on the CBI director , who has come under the scanner at a time when the government has been saying that it is keen on anti-corruption measures.
On CBI director's plea before the Supreme Court to gag media from carrying news stories on alleged documents pertaining to the entry of various people who are under its probe at his residence, Naidu said, "Media as per democratic norms in the country is allowed to cover all public activities."
"I am told that the court has already rejected it (the plea)," he said.
He evaded a direct answer to a question whether the government would go ahead with the passage of the three anti-corruption measures including one on delivery of services.
"These bills have been brought about by earlier government. We want to strengthen anti-corruption mechanism and we have every right to examine them and make changes if necessary," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top internet cos partnering with each other to reach out to more customersYou are here: Home > Collections
India's top internet companies like OLX, Flipkart partnering with each other to reach out to a larger customer base
Biswarup Gooptu, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 04.45AM IST
Tags:
customer base
(In the battle for supremacy,…)
In the battle for supremacy, internet companies in India are turning to the most unlikeliest of allies — each other — as they look to become leaders in one of the most competitive consumer markets globally.
Flipkart, Uber, redBus and OLX are just some of the top internet companies that have joined hands to assist each other to leverage their strengths and attract more consumers to their platforms. Last month, Flipkart, India's largest e-commerce company, and OLX India, an online and mobile marketplace for used goods, announced a marketing partnership that allows potential customers to sell their used products on the latter while buying new ones on Flipkart.
"With this partnership with OLX, we will be able to provide an end-to-end solution to customers, especially in the Electronics categories where selling old products is an integral part of the buying process," said Ravi Vora, senior vice-president - marketing at Flipkart.
Industry experts believe that such tie-ups will be par for the course going forward for the internet companies in India. "These are the new barter marketing tactics. They are constantly looking to come up with ways to grow disproportionately in a very short period of time. In other words, growth hacking," said Alok Goel, chief executive of Sequoia Capital-backed online recharge and coupling venture Freecharge, which has a similar partnership with e-commerce players Amazon and Snapdeal.
For OLX, a portfolio company of South African diversified media conglomerate Naspers Group, such a tie-up could give it a significant advantage over its peers, given that it now has access to Flipkart's 25 million users. Naspers is also an investor in Flipkart. Successful conversions can be tracked through special tracking codes, according to industry experts.
"They could also issue coupons which can be redeemed on the affiliated website," pointed out Nitin Chhabra, founder of e-commerce consultancy Ace Turtle. There is, however, no clarity whether there is a revenue sharing agreement between Flipkart and OLX. Online bus ticketing venture redBus and ondemand taxi transportation app Uber also announced a partnership in August that allows customers, after making a booking through redBus' mobile app, to avail two free rides in an Uber cab, valued at Rs 300 each, in six cities — Mumbai, Pune, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Delhi and Chennai.
For Uber, which launched its services in India last year, a strategic partnership with redBus makes sense, given that the latter sells more than a million bus tickets every month, and has over 2 million registered users.
"This goes to the limits of traditional marketing, using our marketing strategy to get users to experience Uber for the first time," said Akshay BD,communications manager for Uber in Bangalore.
While Uber refused to disclose the exact number of users that have availed of the offer, company executives said the tie-up had seen a 'significant' rise in number of users. According to Ashish Kashyap, head of the Goibibo Group, which acquired redBus from its founders for about Rs 800 crore in 2013, the initiative had been a runaway success for Uber, with the company reaching out to about 150,000 users transacting through redBus mobile app users.
"The partnership becomes highly symbiotic. redBus is enabled to deliver value to its online bookers and Uber is enabled to cross-sell to a targeted set of consumers who already have a need to avail such a service and is a mobile transacting user," Kashyap said, adding that there is no revenue sharing agreement between the two ventures.
Others, such as real estate venture CommonFloor, have tied up with taxi services providers like Olacabs and TaxiForSure. "We have tie-ups with them to arrange site visits for our customers. The service is free for our customers, since we take money from our builder contractors. At the same time, we get discounted rates from these aggregators since we use them very often," said Sumit Jain, cofounder of CommonFloor.
The barter marketing tactics are further examples of internet companies in India looking to get a stronger grip on the consumer's wallet, in a hyper-competitive market, which is currently estimated at $2 billion (Rs 12,000 crore) but which could touch $38 billion (Rs 2.3 lakh crore) by the end of the decade, according to retail consultancy Technopak.
"This is almost unique to India. You don't really see this in the more developed markets such as the US, Europe or Japan," said Goel, who, before taking over at Freecharge in 2013, was the chief operating officer at redBus.
 
With an internet user base that is expected to cross 400 million in the next five years, driven by mobile, the stakes for companies such as Flipkart are high, given that they continue grapple with wafer-thin margins, high customer acquisition costs and fickle consumers.
Partnerships with traditional or offline companies are increasingly in vogue as well. While Uber has partnered with multinational financial services behemoth American Express in India, Goibibo has tied up with insurance company Bajaj Allianz as well as a number of restaurant chains, such as Papa John's and Subway. "This strategy works for us," said Uber's Akshay.
"We look to partner with companies people identify with, and where we can offer an end-to-end consumer experience."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tablets bring IIT coaching within your graspYou are here: Home > Collections
Tablets a new threat to Rs 10,000 cr IIT, IIM and GMAT coaching industry
Sreeradha Basu, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 12.32PM IST
Tags:
Byju Raveendran
(Tablet teaching is shaking…)
MUMBAI: Getting ready for the IIT entrance exam? Meet your tutor- the tablet. The electronic device is becoming an increasingly popular aid to aspirants preparing for admission tests. Those who find the price too high for lectures bundled with tablets can even pay through EMIs.
Tablet teaching is shaking up the world of traditional test prep coaching, as students shrug off the notion that there's no real alternative to classroom learning. There's been a jump in the number of people subscribing to the trend as they train themselves to write the Common Admission Test (CAT) for entry to the Indian Institutes of Management, the GMAT for MBA programmes in the US, the Joint Entrance Exam (JEE) for the IIT and the civil service exams, among others.
No wonder Samsung, traditional brick and mortar enterprises and digital education companies are all looking for a piece of the action in this fast-growing segment.
'The 10,000-crore plus coaching mandi is now under threat from the tablet coaching business,' says TV Mohandas Pai, chairman of Manipal Global Education. 'Traditional classroom coaching will see a decline over the years. It takes up too much time, is much more expensive and teaches a lot of unnecessary stuff. Here, there is genuine learning.'
Around 45-50 lakh students appear for various admission tests annually. According to industry estimates, the test preparation market in India last year was worth $2.2 billion, including both online and regular coaching, study material and mock tests for entrance exams. It's estimated to surge to $3 billion by year end. The online segment/virtual classrooms, including tablet teaching, is about 10% of the business and easily the fastest-growing segment, say experts.
Pai has direct experience of the acceleration in growth. A little more than four months ago, Manipal Group-funded education startup Think and Learn tied up with Samsung Electronics to provide coaching modules for CAT, GMAT, JEE and the civil service exams exclusively on the company's devices. The lessons are being provided by Think and Learn unit Byju's Classes.
Since the soft launch in May, sales through the tie-up are already at Rs 15 crore compared with a total of Rs 20 crore in the whole of last year, said 34-year-old Byju Raveendran, founder and CEO of Byju's Classes, which also provides coaching for Class 8-10 in math and science. More than 9,500 students have bought courses so far. Of these, more than 4,000 have been for test prep. Prices in the test prep segment start at Rs 20,000 for GRE/GMAT/CAT crash courses and go up to Rs 35,000.
R Khanna, working at a tech company, is getting ready up to sit for the CAT this year. He's bought the Byju's Classes CAT package on an installment plan, paying a little more than 2,500 per month. He says tablet teaching is a boon for executives like him who can't make it for regular or even intensive weekend classes.
  School teacher S Roy bought her son a JEE Main and Advanced combo pack for physics on a Lenovo tablet from iProf. 'He felt he needed more help in the subject and the video lectures and mock tests helped him a lot,' she says.
The tie-up with Byju's, incidentally, is part of a larger initiative by Samsung Electronics, which on September 2 announced Smart Learning, an innovative education solution pegged as India's first digital education store. Launched under its Media Solutions Centre or MSC division, the store can be accessed through all Samsung tablets and is designed to offer interactive study material to students, right from those in school to those preparing for competitive exams.
The company is engaged in consumer connect programmes to promote the initiative. So far, one in every five who experience the campaign is getting converted, says Asim Warsi, Samsung India's VP for marketing, mobile and IT.
'Besides work-related and entertainment requirements, there is an important need for tablets in the area of education,' says Warsi. Sanjay Purohit, founder-CEO of digital education company iProf, one of the early movers in this space, agrees. '80-85% education can be done in asynchronous mode. The rest of the time, we provide connectivity to teachers through phone, drop boxes or live video sessions,' says Purohit. In January, iProf raised $9 million ( 55 crore) in Series B funding from a consortium of investors.
At iProf, test preparation accounts for 55% of overall revenue. Over time, content has become much more interactive and last year, it had more than 1 lakh users on the test prep side. In fact, says Purohit, the company generated more business in July alone than it did in the whole of last year. Last year, the company is estimated to have done business of around Rs 20-25 crore through software alone.

Al-Qaeda wants to portray Modi as enemy of IslamAl-Qaeda
("This video, the first from…)
WASHINGTON: Al-Qaeda, which has announced the creation of a separate wing for India, wants to portray Prime Minister Narendra Modi as an enemy of Islam and as such India should take its threat "very seriously", a well-known American counter-terror expert said today even as the US tried to downplay the terrorist outfit's capabilities.
"This video, the first from al-Qaeda leader Ayman Al- Zawahiri this year, should be taken very seriously. Al-Qaeda wants to portray Prime Minister Modi as an enemy of Islam," ex-CIA analyst Bruce Riedel , who is considered to be one of the US' top experts on counter-terrorism, said.
"From its base in Pakistan and with its close links to Lashkar-e-Taiba , al-Qaeda is a dangerous menace to India," Riedel said when asked about the latest video of Zawahiri announcing al-Qaeda's creation of a new branch for the Indian subcontinent to wage jihad in India, including in Kashmir,
Gujarat and Assam with the goal of establishing a caliphate and impose sharia ranging from Afghanistan to Myanmar.
Zawahiri had announced new branch of al-Qaeda called "Qaedat al-Jihad in the Indian Subcontinent", "seeking to raise the flag of jihad, return Islamic rule, and imposing Sharia across the Indian subcontinent," in the video which was posted on various social media websites including YouTube.
Reiterating that the new Indian government should take the threat very seriously, Riedel said that New Delhi should increase its counter-terrorism co-operation with the US and Afghanistan.
After the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks, counter-terrorism cooperation between India and the US has increased significantly.
The US, however, is yet verify the authenticity of the video or the creation of a new wing of al-Qaeda.
"We haven't been able to verify that yet. Obviously, we're looking to see if there's more information we can get about this here," State Department Deputy Spokesperson Marie Harf told reporters at her daily news conference.
But many counter-terror experts like Riedel do not necessarily agree with the State Department and view this as a new threat from al-Qaeda.
"I think Al-Zawahiri's announcement of the establishment of al-Qaeda's branch for South Asia is worrying because it has come just days before the 9/11 anniversary," said Tufail Ahmad of the 'Jihad and Terrorism Threat Monitor' of Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI).
"It will keep Indian and Western intelligence agencies on tenterhooks for next several weeks. It is possible that al-Qaeda hasn't been able to do something spectacular like the Islamic State led by Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi and therefore is under pressure to mount a major attack. India must take this development with utmost seriousness," Ahmad said.
Having monitoring al-Qaeda activities in South Asia for some time now, Ahmad said it had been clear that something like this was coming up.
"Earlier this year, al-Qaeda's broadcasting arm As-Sahab established a dedicated media arm called 'As-Sahab South Asia' and now al-Qaeda's establishment of 'Al-Qaeda Jihad Organisation in South Asia' is part of the same continuing efforts to attract youths from India to jihadist battlefields," he said.
"Over the past year and a half, Maulana Asim Umar, who has been appointed as emir of the new al-Qaeda branch in South Asia, issued a series of videos in which he worried why Indian Muslims were not being seen in the jihadist battlefields like Syria and Yemen and he also addressed Kashmiri Muslims, asking them 'who snatched your Kalashnikovs and handed stones in your hands?'," Ahmad said. "We also don't regard this announcement as an indication of any new capabilities by al-Qaeda," she said.
At the same time, she reiterated that the US remains committed to dismantling al-Qaeda anywhere that it poses a threat to the US and make sure that it doesn't renew its threat to America.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Al-Qaida s India wing: New outfit may be drawn from IM  SIMIAl-Qaida's India wing: New outfit may be drawn from IM, SIMI
By TNN | 5 Sep, 2014, 12.24PM IST
0
Share More
This is neither the first time that al-Qaida is threatening an India-centric jihad nor is it news that Indian jihadists are coming together.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: This is neither the first time that al-Qaida is threatening an India-centric jihad nor is it news that Indian jihadists are coming together with those in Pakistan and Bangladesh under the al-Qaida umbrella.
It is in this context that Indian security agencies suspect that AQ's new outfit, Qaedat Al Jihad alias Al-Qaida in Indian Subcontinent (AQIS), for jihad in the subcontinent, may be made up of factions of IM and SIMI, Bangladesh's Jamaat-e-Islami and elements from Pak terror groups.
"The drift away from Pakistan's ISI, towards al-Qaida has been on among Indian jihadists for some years now. It's possible that al-Qaida has raised a consortium of these willing jihadists," an Indian intelligence officer said. Though al-Qaida has referred to India since the late 90s, alarm bells began ringing this June when al-Qaida released a video in which it directly referred to Kashmir for the fi rst time and called for Jihad in the region. The video spoke of a "caravan" of "heroic martyrs" coming from Afghanistan to "liberate Kashmir".
Titled "War should continue, message to the Muslims of Kashmir", the video had a message from al-Qaida's Pakistan cell chief, Asim Umar. This is the same Umar who al-Qaida aamir Ayman al Zawahiri in his latest video says will lead Qaedat Al Jihad operations. Last year, Zawahiri released a set of strategic guidelines that mentioned Kashmir.
Indian outfits have been flirting with al-Qaida for long. In the late 80s, when the Kashmir militancy began, Hizb-ul-Mujahideen cadres were known to have been training in Afghanistan, where al-Qaida was active.
As a wave of terrorism swept India post-Babri demolition and the 2002 Gujarat riots, many youth travelled to Pakistan and areas bordering Afghanistan. Though post-9/11 al-Qaida had great ideological pull across the world of jihad, Indians started gravitating towards the outfit only in the past couple of years.
IM operatives such as Bada Sajid, Mirza Shadab Baig and Dr Shahnawaz Alam are suspected to be working for al-Qaida in Afghanistan. IM founder Riyaz Bhatkal has travelled to Afghanistan to establish liaisons with al-Qaida and Taliban . Patna blasts accused SIMI-operative Haidar Ali apparently learnt bomb making from al-Qaida's online magazine 'Inspire'.
Conversations of IM operatives such as Yasin Bhatkal, Riyaz, Baig and Asadullah Akhtar , intercepted by agencies, have revealed their desire to fight alongside al-Qaida. Baig and Akhtar last year discussed getting al-Qaida to release a video calling for jihad in India for greater impact. That wish was granted on Wednesday.
AQIS will be led by Maulana Asam Umar , a breakaway Tehreeke-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) leader who reportedly authored the book: 'The Army of Anti-Christ: Blackwater', which reportedly documents alleged American atrocities in Islamic Countries.

India to keep eye on al-Qaida-ISIS competing on social mediaREAD MORE ON » Social media | ISIS | India | Barack Obama |
"The Qaida video was possibly meant to match the brutal IS posts, and make the world take notice of its potential to reinvent itself by expanding its arc of infl uence," an intelligence official said. <br><br>Image Source: EPA</i>
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: The chilling ISIS videos showing the beheading of two US journalists, which drew condemnation from Barack Obama and other world leaders, appear to have driven al-Qaida to match the sensationalism announcing the launch of its branch in the Indian subcontinent.
The security establishment is of the view that the brazen use of the social media by ISIS to establish its prominence in global jihad may have only added to al-Qaida's marginalisation as the face of transnational terrorism.
"The Qaida video was possibly meant to match the brutal IS posts, and make the world take notice of its potential to reinvent itself by expanding its arc of infl uence," an intelligence official said.
The Indian agencies fear that the Zawahiri video is only the beginning and may be followed by far more brazen posts online. "The coming days may see ISIS and al-Qaida indulging in competitive aggressiveness on social media, exposing the average net user to much more ruthless styles of propaganda," warned an official.
Given that social media posts play a major role in radicalization of minority youths, the prospects of IS and al-Qaida trying to resort to sensationalism to project themselves as the more ruthless outfit have led the security establishment to alert the cyber monitoring agencies.
"Cyber surveillance has to be more aggressive and such campaigns must be tracked in real time. The agencies have been told to scan Facebook, Twitter, Youtube and other social media websites for any objectionable or infl ammatory posts and tackle the issue domestically...We are competent enough to do this," an offi cial said. "For now, we are geared up to counter the increased jihadi activity online with our cyber monitoring mechanisms. But with time we may need to get countries like the US on board, since most social website servers are located there...," the official said.
Incidentally, the capability of Indian agencies to monitor and block incendiary posts remains in question.

Maruti Suzuki postpones car manufacturing project in GujaratMaruti Suzuki postpones car manufacturing project in Gujarat by a year
ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 04.29AM IST
Tags:
Gujarat
(Addressing the AGM, Chairman…)
NEW DELHI: Maruti Suzuki has postponed its car manufacturing project in Gujarat by a year, citing sluggish market conditions. Its facilities in the western state are now expected to be commissioned in 2017.
Addressing the auto maker's 33rd annual general meeting in New Delhi on Thursday, chairman RC Bhargava said the project will be financed by the parent, Suzuki Motor Corp (SMC), but will function as a unit of Maruti.
"All the investments would be made by SMC. This arrangement will strengthen Maruti Suzuki as the profit does not come from manufacturing cars. It comes from selling cars and the right models, with the competition intensifying in the market," Bhargava said.
The proposal for Suzuki to produce cars at the plant and sell to the unit had met with resistance from several institutional investors in Maruti. Their worry was that the Japanese parent could sell cars to Maruti at higher prices than it would have cost the local company to produce them, in turn hurting its margins. But Bhargava said it would be a "win-win situation" for Maruti and urged shareholders to support the plan during a voting on the proposal, expected next month.
"Maruti Suzuki will use its cash for investing in marketing and sales, expanding network and making right models," he said. The Indian company, which is the biggest subsidiary of Suzuki both in terms of profits and turnover, is sitting on cash reserves of around Rs 8,000 crore.
In the current fiscal year, the company said it expects sales volume to grow by the double digits. Sales have expanded 16% in the first five months through August, when Maruti achieved its best market share of 44% in three years.
Maruti's top brass informed the shareholders that the company would intensify research and development to churn out new models to remain competitive and retain market share and volume. It will invest Rs 2,000 crore on an R&D facility, with an integrated test track, at Rohtak in Haryana. It will also enter the sport-utility segment early next year.
With this new facility allowing joint development of cars with Suzuki, the rate of royalty that Maruti is paying its parent is expected to come down from the existing 6% of sales. Also, to get insulated from currency fluctuations, Maruti will now pay royalty in Indian rupees, instead of in the Japanese yen.
Suzuki has been working on an SUV to tap a market that forms 29% of global sales. This global SUV is expected early next financial year and would be followed by a compact SUV next year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Snapdeal forms JV with Den Networks; collaboration to spur strengths of bothYou are here: Home > Collections
Snapdeal forms joint venture with Den Networks; collaboration to leverage their respective strengths
Arun Kumar, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 05.52AM IST
Tags:
Den Networks
(The venture will leverage…)
NEW DELHI: Ecommerce company Snapdeal has formed a 50:50 joint venture with Den Networks, India's largest cable TV distribution company that serves 13 million homes in more than 200 cities, to extend its reach to television home shopping audiences.
The venture will leverage the robust distribution network of Den Networks and Snapdeal's wide product range and more than 30,000 vendors, said a person familiar with the development. Den Networks did not respond to queries. Snapdeal could not be immediately reached.
Leading global investors have shown keen interest in this market space in India. The two leading home shopping companies — STAR CJ and Home-Shop18 — operating in India have witnessed sharp growth in their top line.
NW18 HSN Holding, the digital retail arm of Network18, is planning to raise about $75 million through an initial public offer in the US for an equity valuation of about $1 billion. It has filed a prospectus with the US regulator toward this end.
Earlier this year, Providence Group, one of the leading private equity firms that manages about $40 billion, picked up a 50% stake in STAR CJ Networks India Pvt Ltd from STAR group.
CJ O Shopping, the largest home shopping company in South Korea with annual sales of about $4.4 billion in 2013, is its partner in Star CJ.
"This deal would benefit both Snapdeal and Den Networks where Snapdeal gets direct access to millions of households at one go while Den gains from the deep domain expertise of the former to build up a strong revenue stream," said KS Reddy of Advaya Equity Advisors.
The deal creates an entity that could evolve into something similar to USbased QVC, the world largest home shopping company with annual sales of $8.6 billion, which is owned by leading cable television company Liberty Group.
"With this deal, Den Networks seems to be going the QVC way which is the largest home-shopping network in the USA," said a media analyst. The cable company has bought the franchise for the Delhi team in the Indian Soccer League.
"It is building a strong consumer B2C brand by entering the home-shopping network backed by its presence in the cable TV, broadband and football business through owning the franchise in the ISL ," said the analyst.
Snapdeal raised $100 million in May this year in a fifth round of funding. Leading PE firms such as Blackrock, Temsek Holding, Premji Invest had valued the company at $1 billion.
After raising $12 million in its first round of funding in January 2011, the company has so far raised $340 million from PE firms. Started in February 2010 by Kunal Bahl along with Rohit Bansal, the company witnessed phenomenal growth in 2013-14, growing 600%, making it one of the fastest growing e-commerce companies in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jabong to be merged with international fashion firmsAccel Partners
(Rocket Internet also operates…)
BANGALORE: Online fashion retailer Jabong is opening up a new front in the Indian ecommerce battleground. Its major investors, Germany's Rocket Internet and Swedish investment firm Kinnevik, are merging five of their international fashion ecommerce firms, including Jabong, into a single global entity. This will allow the Delhi-based company to tap into a global knowledge base and also give it access to new and large investors. The combined conglomerate has been named Global Fashion Group (GFG).
Rocket Internet also operates other consumer Internet ventures in India such as furniture e-tailer Fab Furnish and food delivery service firm FoodPanda .
"We are delighted to have joined forces and have created a global fashion giant which is active in four continents. This will lead to an even better experience for us internally but also for our customers. We can rely on common sourcing, outstanding IT competencies and our experiences with private labels," said Praveen Sinha , managing director of Jabong. He, however, declined to provide details of the implications.
Analysts are of the view that the immediate advantage will be in the form of learnings and differentiation in the form of merchandising.
"There's a lot that ecommerce players can learn from firms in other geographies that are ahead on the evolution curve - from customer experience to supply chain," said Neelesh Hundekari , partner at consulting firm AT Kearney. The company can also leverage the global network it has to get exclusive merchandise. "Apart from money, Jabong will also be able to bring in brands of the other companies to India and will also have a global market for its brands," said Arvind Singhal , chairman of retail advisory Technopak.
Kinnevik and Rocket Internet's statement stressed on the online brands that the five entities, all launched in 2011-12, have developed. Jabong, for instance, has launched private labels Lara Karen and Sangria while Southeast Asian site Zalora has launched a namesake in-house brand and another called Ezra.
But the primary and long-term advantage will be in the form of access to capital. "From a capital-raising perspective, it's a good strategy and puts them in the game to compete with Amazon, Flipkart and Alibaba, not just in India but also globally. The main ingredient going forward now will be cash," said Rehan Yar Khan, founder of Orios Venture Partners, which has backed niche apparel portals such as lingerie site Prettysecrets and international market-focused Indian designer wear site Exclusively.in.
Fashion has emerged as one of the most fiercely contested categories in the Indian commerce space. An Accel Partners report said it will see 400% growth in the next three years from $559 million to $2.81 billion by 2016.
After Flipkart's acquisition of fashion ecommerce leader Myntra in May, the combined entity is estimated to have a market share of more than 50% in the online fashion segment. With the $1-billion fund-raising by Flipkart in July, capital is not an immediate concern for the combined entity. Jabong, which is in the second spot, has a market share of about 25%, according to industry estimates.
However, with other large and well-funded players such as Amazon and Snapdeal focusing heavily on fashion, Jabong may soon feel the heat. Fashion has become an important segment for the online mega stores since it provides better margins of about 35%, compared with the less than 5% in the electronics segment. Snapdeal has stated that it expects $1 billion in sales just from fashion next fiscal.
For Rocket Internet, this is another step toward its proposed public offer in Frankfurt , as it now has a single entity that is valued at Rs 21,500 crore (2.7 billion euros), based on the combined valuation of the five entities at the time of their last fund-raising.
GFG will have 4.6 million active customers and more than 7,000 employees and has in total sold goods worth over Rs 3,400 crore (436 million euros) in just the first six months of 2014.
Rocket raised two large rounds of funding in August $445 million from Philippines Long Distance Telephone and $582 million from European Internet firm United Internet.
Its strength in India will only help Rocket's IPO plans. "There is no doubt that India will become a big ecommerce market in the not-so-distant future. A strong presence in India will add to Rocket's overall valuation," said Technopak's Singhal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Samsung committed to smart home revolution: CEO(Source: Nandagopal Rajan)
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Berlin | Posted: September 5, 2014 3:16 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 4:05 pm
Samsung CEO BK Yoon on Friday ushered in a new era in smart homes across the world by committing one of the largest tech companies in the world towards the cause. He called on all companies to collaborate and help bring the “future home”. He said the homes of the future must be protective, flexible and responsive. “But each family has its own requirements. So there will be not one but a billion smart homes of the future,” he said in the keynote address at opening of the IFA 2014 in Berlin.
Samsung research has shown how diverse our lifestyles are across the world, he said, adding that the future homes will be here before you know it.

Rupee snaps two-day rally  ends at 60.39 against dollarRupee snaps two-day rally to end at 60.39 against US dollar
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 19:17 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The rupee commenced lower at 60.44 against the US dollar from its previous close of 60.36 at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market. It was then trapped in a limited range of 60.3775 and 60.5175 before finishing at 60.39 - a small loss of three paise or 0.05 per cent.
In the previous two days, it had risen by 32 paise or 0.53 per cent. These gains helped the domestic currency register its fifth straight weekly gains as it appreciated by 11 paise.
In the preceding four weeks, it had gained 3 paise, 29 paise, 39 paise and 3 paise against the Greenback.
FPIs/FIIs injected US $286.54 million on Thursday, as per provisional data after picking up shares worth a net US $216.91 million on Wednesday.
Meanwhile, the Indian benchmark S&P Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Friday declined by another 59.23 points, or 0.22 per cent.
The dollar index was down 0.10 per cent against its major global rivals ahead of announcement of US non-farm payrolls for August.
The European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday surprisingly cut its key policy rates to record low and announced additional measures to fuel the flagging economy.
According to forex dealers, it will help Asian currencies as liquidity will flow into Asia, including India.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group said, "Rupee traded range bound and ended slightly weak. It is expected to appreciate in coming days tracking gains in local equities ."
The trading range for the Spot rupee is expected to be within 60.00 to 60.80, he added.
In the forwards market on Friday, premium remained mixed.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in February eased further to 242.5-244.5 paise from 243.5-245.5 paise previously while far-forward contracts maturing in August, 2015 improved to 495.5-497.5 paise from 493.5-495.5 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 60.4385 and for the euro at 78.1953.
The rupee fell back sharply against the pound to 98.48 from Thursday's close of 99.27 and also tumbled to 78.26 per euro from 79.25.
It, however, improved further to 57.41 per 100 Japanese yen from 57.50.

Goa Defers Iron Ore E-Auctioning After Slump in Global PricesGovernment Says Not Considering Immediate Gold Import Duty Cut
Panaji: The Goa government has put on hold the fifth e-auctioning of iron ore, which was scheduled to be held this week, owing to falling prices in international markets.
The e-auctioning has been postponed, it may be held sometime next week, State Mines and Geology Department Director Prasanna Acharya said.
"The state government will have to decide the further date," he said.
"Looking at the international prices of the ore we decided to postpone the e-auctioning. The international market does not look promising at this point of time," he said.
Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar, who is currently out of station, will return on September 9 and only after that the call on the next date of e-auctioning would be taken, he said.
Around 2.18 million tonnes of ore was supposed to be put for e-auctioning by the state government, which has already auctioned in four different phases and earned Rs 583 crore revenue in the form of sale proceeds, besides Rs 62.2 crore as Value Added Tax, royalty, transport cess and processing fee.
The e-auctioning is being held under the supervision of a monitoring committee appointed by the Supreme Court. Total 15 million metric tonnes of ore lying at
Mormugao Port Trust, jetties and mining leases is supposed to be sold through auctioning.
The first e-auctioning was held on February 17 this year with 5.8 lakh tonnes of ore fetching Rs 102 crore, followed by 10.75 lakh e-auctioned on March 5, collecting Rs 167 crore.
The third e-auctioning was held on May 12, wherein 5.53 lakh tonnes was auctioned for Rs 77 crore, and the fourth e-auction was held for three days on August 19, 20 and 21 when 19.36 lakh tonnes of ore was sold, earning Rs 237 crore for the state government.
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 16:08 (IST)

77% give full marks to PM Modi s Teacher s Day interaction with students77% give full marks to PM Modi's Teacher's Day interaction with students
HT correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi , September 05, 2014
First Published: 22:55 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:58 IST(6/9/2014)
In an online poll conducted by Hindustan Times, readers were asked to rate Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Teachers' Day interaction with students on a scale of 1 to 5.
 
While 77% of respondents gave Modi 5 on a scale of 5 (maximun rating), 10% voters gave 1 out of 5 (lowest rating).  About 1% voters gave PM's interaction with students 2 on 5, another 2% gave it 3 on 5 and rest 10% gave 4 out of 5. (see below)
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi interacted live with millions of young students and teachers across the nation on Friday on the occasion of Teachers' Day. Modi addressed the students from 3pm to 4.45pm through satellite link and live telecast on Doordarshan and the human resource development ministry website.
 
In the one hour forty five minute event which was also beamed live through educational satellite EDUSAT, PM Modi stressed on the need for skill development and also touched upon the importance of girl education.
 
He also responded to queries at the end of his speech. During his question and answer session he advised students to 'think of accomplishing a task, instead of dreaming big'.
 
The HRD ministry in a meeting with states recently had directed them to make arrangements in all government schools for PM’s interaction to be watched and heard live.
 
Many states had objected to the instruction from the HRD ministry, saying it was not feasible for them to make arrangements in a short span of time. The Congress had termed the Centre's move a case of self propaganda.
 
Amid the controversy, Union human resource development minister Smriti Irani clarified participation in the session was "voluntary", not mandatory.

Apple plans smartwatch & larger iPhonesApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Power cuts playspoilsportPrint
Written by Anju Agnihotri Chaba | Jalandhar | Posted: September 6, 2014 10:26 am
Power cuts acted as a dampener on the enthusiasm of students across Doaba’s government schools, who eagerly awaited the Prime Minister’s address on Teachers’ Day. Further, generators refused to cooperate in many schools, while heavy rain prevented many from reaching their school.
At Sultanpur Lodhi Elementary school, where 250 children had assembled, power cuts played spoilsport. A teacher at the school said they had tried to arranged for a generator. However, since they were unable to do so, they banked on the state government’s assurances of no disruptions in power supply.
Students at a primary school in Kangniwal, meanwhile, resorted to a radio to hear Modi’s speech. The belt from Pathankot chowk to Bhogpur and Ramamandi to Adampur faced a power problem with most schools unable to arrange for a generator. Some schools could not get TVs either. In Abadpura, Kabir Nagar and Avtar Nagar, water logging posed a problem, as a result of which many kids could not reach school.
Reports of power cuts came from across Doaba region during the PM’s speech. “In our village there was no power since yesterday due to heavy rain. We made the children listen to the speech on radio,” said a teacher from Nawanshahr village.

Martial law to be eased but when situation improves: ThaiPMPress Trust of India | Bangkok | Posted: September 6, 2014 10:20 am
Thailand’s new Prime Minister Gen Prayuth Chan-ocha, who seized power in a military coup over three months ago, has said he wants to lift martial law in the country but the current situation does not permit it.
The National Council for Peace and Order, set up by the junta and headed by the Prime Minister, is unlikely to lift the martial law in the near future as groups have been found campaigning against the regime both in Thailand and abroad, the Nation newspaper reported.
60-year-old Gen Prayuth had asked NCPO secretary-general and Deputy Defence Minister Gen Udomdej Sitabutr to chair a meeting to review martial law but the junta did not discuss lifting martial law during its meeting on Friday.
“I do not want to maintain martial law but restrictions will be eased gradually as the situation improves. I will tell you when. But we need to have measures for maintaining stability. Please wait for our signal,” the Premier said on his weekly TV programme on Friday.
The paper quoting sources said the army has detected underground groups campaigning against the NCPO in the country’s north and northeast. Intelligence officials also reported to the meeting that opponent groups have revived their campaigns against the junta since the Cabinet was formed.
Thailand’s army chief Gen Prayuth, seized power in a military coup and became the country’s prime minister, the first serving army officer to assume the top office in 22 years.
Gen Prayuth was named as the prime minister after the National Legislative Assembly (NLA) voted 191-0 in his favour in an uncontested race.

Australia signs nuclear deal  says it trusts India with its uraniumApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Now Smart SIMs to end your mobile surfing woesBharti Airtel, Idea Cellular and Tata Tele offering Smart SIMs to end your mobile surfing woes
Danish Khan, ET Bureau Sep 6, 2014, 04.53AM IST
Tags:
Bharti Airtel
(Telcos are offering Smart…)
NEW DELHI: What kind of SIM card do you have — nano, micro or regular? New-generation smartphones and devices use any one of these variants, making it difficult to switch cards among handsets and tablets, although adapters are available for about Rs 150-200 from the retail market but this can be a bit of a hit and-miss affair.
Now the phone companies are offering a similar solution known as the Smart SIM — a nano card that can be increased in size with the use of two jackets. Bharti Airtel , Idea Cellular and Tata Teleservices are among the phones offering such SIMs across the country. Aircel will soon launch its Smart SIM in key 3G markets.
"The SIM will be priced at approximately Rs 125 and will have pre-bundled voice and data combo as per a smartphone user's consumption," said Anupam Vasudev, chief marketing officer, Aircel. Airtel launched the Smart SIM in May in Andhra Pradesh, before rolling it out across the country in a phased manner. Airtel and Idea Cellular charge a nominal fee of Rs 25, while Tata Teleservices levies Rs 20 for the special SIM.
In some circles, Airtel offers a data pack bundled SIM at Rs 299 with Rs 100 of talk time and 1GB of 3G data in 3G circles (600MB in 3G ICR areas), the spokesperson said. ICR refers to intra-circle roaming agreements that allow those without 3G licences to offer such services using the network of those that have the permits.
The need for the Smart SIM has arisen as customers are accessing the mobile Internet across devices — tablets, phablets, mobile phones — which require different types of SIMs, an Airtel spokesperson said. An Idea spokesperson said the telco was well prepared with multiple SIM card variants for its customers as adoption of smart devices increases in the country. Demand for the Smart SIM has been increasing considerably with the surge in smartphone penetration, said Gurinder Singh Sandhu, head of marketing, mobility, at Tata Teleservices.
Sandhu added that the Multi or Smart SIM will also help in reducing the carbon footprint as less plastic will be used to make the multi SIM cards. "According to our estimates TTSL will now procure 7.2 million fewer card bodies in the next three years."
FEATURED ARTICLES

RIL  Microsoft accelerator to launch 10 star...RIL's GenNext Ventures, Microsoft to launch 10 startups soon
ET Bureau Sep 6, 2014, 04.49AM IST
Tags:
Bhaskar Pramanik
("The first hub will start…)
MUMBAI: The venture capital arm of Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) has tied up with Microsoft to launch a startup accelerator, which kicks off its first batch next month. GenNext Ventures and Microsoft Ventures have signed a three-year partnership that will look to mentor and offer technical advice to startups in the programme.
"The entire issue is about knowledge getting monetised. The challenge with these innovators is that they understand the knowledge part of it but don't know how to monetise it," said RA Mashelkar, chairman of GenNext and board member of RIL.
ET reported earlier this week that RIL and Microsoft will join hands to mentor startups from India.
The accelerator, known as the GenNext Innovation Hub, will have around 10 startups in the first batch which is open for new applications until September 25. The first hub will be based in Navi Mumbai in a "plug and play area" of 12,000 square feet, and the two firms will open additional hubs across the country in the future.
The accelerator will not make any initial investment or pick up stakes in shortlisted startups, unlike international accelerators such as Y Combinator. Decisions on investment will be taken after the programme, which will take place twice a year over a fourmonth stretch each, is over. "Reliance Industries believes in developing market and so do we. Therefore this venture. There is no profit intent in this," said Microsoft India chairman Bhaskar Pramanik .
Big data, education, healthcare, digital media, mobility and machine-to-machine startups will be the focus area for the accelerator. GenNext Innovation Hub has an advisory team of 20-25 members that include noted computer scientist Vijay Bhatkar, IIT Bombay's Ashwin Gumaste and venture capital investors such as Kae Capital's Sasha Mirchandani and Aavishkaar's Vineet Rai.
RIL's move to open an accelerator comes as India's startup boom has given rise to a number of accelerators such as Gurgaon-based GSF Accelerator, Venture Nursery in Mumbai, Kyron Accelerator and The Startup Centre in Chennai. Multinational corporations such as Target, Coca-Cola and Pitney Bowes have also launched accelerator programmes in India.
International accelerators such as 500 Startups and even Y Combinator are also seeing increasing interest from Indian startups looking at a global exposure. But some have also been rethinking the accelerator model in India. Morpheus, India's first accelerator, decided to stop accepting applications earlier this year.
"A high-quality entrepreneur today does not want to go to an accelerator. This is because he can do a lot of self learning. Besides, advice and money are now easily available," said Sameer Guglani, co-founder of Morpheus Gang, which backed startups such as realty classifieds firm Commonfloor and social platform for coders HackerRank.
Venture Nursery, an accelerator based in Mumbai, has been focusing on smaller batches of two startups unlike the more typical dozen-strong startup batches. "A copy of international models does not work in India," said Apoorv Sharma of Venture Nursery.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indo-Aus nuke deal a  new chapter  in bilateral ties: Prez PranabAustralia
(The Australian Prime Minister…)
NEW DELHI: President Pranab Mukherjee today expressed happiness over bilateral agreement being signed between India and Australia on co-operation in civil nuclear energy and said it will open "a new chapter" in strengthening of relations between the two countries.
Mukherjee told this to Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott who called on him this evening at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
"The President expressed his happiness over the bilateral agreement on co-operation in civil nuclear energy which will be signed during this visit and said this will open a new chapter," the President's Press Secretary Venu Rajamony said in a statement.
The President said India sees Australia as an important supplier of energy resources and a partner in ensuring its energy security.
He invited Australian companies to invest in Indian infrastructure.
The President also called for greater cooperation in counter-terrorism and thanked Australia for its support of India's candidature for a permanent seat in the UN Security Council .
Welcoming Abbott, the President said India attached importance to its relations with Australia and wanted to move forward in bilateral engagements.
"The two countries can work together for common benefit in the Asian era," Mukherjee said and added that frequent exchanges at multiple levels have helped the two countries have a greater understanding of each other's policy and positions.
The Australian Prime Minister assured the President that he was determined to do whatever is required to strengthen an already deep friendship.
Describing India as an emerging democratic superpower, the Australian Prime Minister said Australia recognizes India's increasing importance in the world.
"He (Abbott) would do his best to encourage the people of Australia see the potential for an even deeper friendship with India," the statement said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Team Little Genius from Paravur wins The Hindu MetroPlus pookkalam contestUpdated: September 6, 2014 11:05 IST
Team Little Genius from Paravur wins The Hindu MetroPlus pookkalam contest
Staff Reporter
The Hindu Actor Unni Mukundan and singer Sithara Krishnakumar with the winners of The Hindu MetroPlus pookkalam contest in Kochi on Friday. PHOTO: K.K. MUSTAFAH
35 teams, all dressed in their colourful best, celebrate the spirit of Onam at the event
Flowers of all shades, the spirit of camaraderie, the thrill of a contest, and a ‘Maveli’ in regal attire – all the ingredients for a fun Onam celebration were present at the eighth edition of The Hindu MetroPlus pookkalam contest held at Nucleus Mall, Maradu, on Friday. At the end of it all, Team Little Genius from Ezhikkara, captained by Anjaly Rajeev, walked away with the first prize of Rs.20,000 and exciting gifts from sponsors.
The second place went to the team from Chithira Arts, Vypin, captained by Sushmitha Jayaprakash. The team won a cash award of Rs.12,500 and gifts. The third prize winners were Team Vismaya, also from Vypin. The team captain was Surendran and they secured a cash prize of Rs.7,500 and gifts from the sponsors. The winning pookkalams were picked by a judging panel comprising eminent sculptor V.K. Jayan and artist Chitra.
Besides the three main prizes, 10 other teams secured consolation prizes of Rs.1,500 each and plenty of gifts. The chief guests for the day were actor Unni Mukundan and award-winning singer Sithara Krishnakumar. The celebrity choice award for the pookkalam contest went to Team Evergreen captained by Sreekumar.
Adding to the joyous atmosphere at the contest was singer Sithara’s soulful rendition of her hit song from the film Celluloid.
Actor Unni Mukundan summed up the spirit of the The Hindu MetroPlus pookkalam contest when he said, “winning is not important. What is important is participating and making the event more colourful.” Celebrating the spirit of Onam at the contest were 35 teams, all dressed in their colourful best.
The award for the best traditionally dressed team went to Team Karthika, captained by Geethu Hariharan. The team stood out with the participants dressed in elegant kasavu clothing. Shiny Mary Raja was adjudged the best dressed female and Stanley the best dressed male.
Book released
The celebrity guests also released a recipe book comprising select recipes that were received as part of the Preethi The Hindu MetroPlus payasam recipe contest. The book contains the method of preparation of several tasty payasams, including that for the mixed payasam that received the first prize in the contest.
Sharafuddin, area sales manager of the event sponsors Parle Products, and Reji Mathew Kurian, regional manager, Sales South, of Preethi Home Appliances, spoke at the prize giving ceremony. The title sponsor of the event was Parle Products. The ‘powered by’ sponsor was Vodafone.
The associate sponsors were State Bank of India LHO and Kerafed. Gift sponsor was Preethi. Regional Prize Sponsors are Soulfull – Deliciously Healthy Foods, Kitchen Treasures, Kappo, Hairomax, Vismay Sarees, Q&Q Watches and Soorya’s Cotton World.

Anupama Chopra s review: Priyanka Chopra s performance empowers Mary KomPlay Pause
Priyanka Chopra stars as Mary Kom in the biopic on boxing champion.
Directed by Omung Kumar, Mary Kom was made with the support of the five-time World Champion boxer herself. Priyanka spent a lot of time with Mary to understand the nuances, ...
The film will have its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival.
"It’s a phenomenal journey — a lovely story that has not just inspired me as a woman, but [can influence] anyone who wants to be more than what they’re told ...
Priyanka Chopra in Mary Kom
Where Mary Kom falters is in the screenplay. Biopics by design are about the highlights of a person’s life and, here, the narrative succumbs to ticking off milestones. Omung tries to give it variety by incorporating a flashback structure, but that doesn’t add much. We go abruptly from one pivotal moment to another — it’s a dramatic story, but the first half especially is inexplicably inert. The character is fascinating and yet her story doesn’t grip you.
Thankfully, the momentum picks up in the second half, once Mary gets married and has children.
But Omung and his writer, Saiwyn Quadras, also try to highlight too many issues — women’s empowerment, the shoddy treatment of athletes by government bodies, how ignorant most Indians are about the north-east, the difficulty women have in balancing personal and professional lives and, of course, the call to patriotism that runs through the film.
In the climax, Omung opts for high-strung melodrama and we are even asked to stand as the national anthem plays. I found it annoying. The emotion that compels viewers to stand has to be earned. You can’t just tell us to do it.
Despite its flaws, though, Mary Kom is a worthy attempt. The film has sincerity and has been crafted with care. Apart from Mary herself, it gives us a terrific male role model — Onler, who encouraged Mary to return to boxing while he looked after their twin sons. Has anyone given that man a medal?

J-K: CM Omar joins midnight rescue operation for 3-month-old babyComments
A frantic call from relatives of a three-month-old Aiza Faheem, stuck with her grandparents at an uptown locality in Srinagar on Friday night, made chief minister Omar Abdullah stay back till the morning to ensure the baby was rescued.
At around 11:30 pm, the chief minister was stopped by the baby’s aunt, who was trapped in a house submerged in flood at Srinagar’s Baghat area.
“Around 10:30 pm, the flood water level was just around five feet near the house. But by 11.30 pm, one entire floor was submerged. My crying wife caught the attention of Omar sahib,” Shabir Gojwari, the baby’s uncle, told HT.
The baby’s parents were in Delhi when the incident occurred. Omar oversaw the rescue operation along with other officials.
“Omar sahib assured that he will not leave the place till the baby was rescued,” said Gojwari.
It took the team three hours to rescue the baby. “The chief minister left around 3 am in the morning only after the baby was rescued,” said Gojwari.
In the nocturnal operation, the rescue team saved 60 people in uptown Srinagar. Two families stuck in their cars were also saved by timely intervention of the rescue teams, reporting to the chief minister directly.
Meanwhile, the flood toll has risen to 88, with 68 more deaths reported on Friday, mainly from Rajouri and Poonch districts.
The Army spokesperson said that nearly 1,000 people had been rescued from affected areas.
This is one of the worst floods experienced in Jammu and Kashmir, with experts predicting that the rains are not likely to hold up for the next two days.
According to experts, this is the worst flooding in the state for the last 82 years.

Muslim organisations in India reject al Qaeda s plansMuslim organisations in India reject al Qaeda's plans
Zia Haq , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 22:08 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 10:41 IST(6/9/2014)
Prominent Muslim organisations have rejected al Qaeda’s announcement of its new establishment in South Asia, saying Indian Muslims will not be swayed by its ideology.
 
A 55-minute video posted on jihadi websites Wednesday purports to show al Qaeda’s leader Ayman al-Zawahri addressing Muslims in India in which he says “your brothers” are “doing what they can to rescue you”.
Read: US had warned Delhi of Qaeda’s designs in August
The Jamaat-e-Islami, an influential countrywide organisation, said the Indian state would deal with the threat. “If the video is indeed genuine, then the Indian state will naturally fight it. Indian Muslims will also fight it. But we are equally concerned about right-wing Hindu as well as Naxal extremism,” Jamaat’s political secretary Mohammed Ahmed said. Ahmed said Muslims in the country would never recognize the Islamic State, adding the Jamaat would hold a media briefing tomorrow on the issue.
 
Founded in 1941 by Syed Abul Ala Maududi with the aim of spreading Islamic values rooted political Islam in the subcontinent, the Jamaat, scholars argue, has undergone a gradual ideological shift to become responsive to demands of a secular democracy.
 
Many Muslims said they were tired of reiterating their position on terror. “Despite reiteration and disavowing terror again and again, Muslims are still asked their opinion. Al Qaeda at best is a horrible dream. To think of a conscious support from Indian Muslims…that is so preposterous. Muslims are more worried about people like Yogi Adityanath,” said Prof. Rizwan Kaiser who teaches in Jamia Millia Islamia.
Read: Has Asia become a fertile ground for al Qaeda?
 
Zafarul-Islam Khan, the president of the All India Muslim Majlise Mushawarat, a Delhi-based organisation, said: “Muslims of South Asia do not require such meddling in their affairs by a foreign terrorist outfit.”

Jammu floods toll rises to 120Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

BJP may struggle for to form govt in Delhi despite LG nodThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Dollar dips on disappointing U.S. jobs dataThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Modi announcement augers well for niit. digital intiative for all sch...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Maruti n icici were my sureshots....made goood money there....still ho...Platinum Member
3017 Followers
@Ft81- This is a golden opporutunity as of now in stock market, even if one can wait for longer period, no issues at all, but 50-80% return is guaranteed.
Even return more than 100% can be there easily. So one should take the informed decision.
Now this investment should be taken like buying a property, now one should not bother about daily fluctuation of property if bought for longer term, if somebody would be coming to you and giving you lower bid or higher bid, you are not going to sell off your property in 3-4 days, it need to be kept and to be sold at your target price, that`s the reason we are telling to buy in cash and keep. Again no future game.If you have money then invest, do not borrow, do not lend, invest with your own money.
hmadan

I think none of the coal blocks allocated will be deallocated. some co...Gold Member
32 Followers
I think none of the coal blocks allocated will be deallocated. Some companies will face some fines etc. If deallocation happens on large scale it will be a disaster for Modi Govt. and for the country. I strongly believe why should companies and share holders should be made to sufer for Govt. in effeciency. If it happens, Who will invest in India for long term? They are talking about some allocations as old as twenty ago? Believe me it happens only in INDIA.

Diamond imports ebb as jewellers clear inventory sutanuka ghosal...Diamond imports ebb as jewellers clear inventory
Sutanuka Ghosal 26 Aug 2014, 11:46
The Prime Minister’s Office had recently asked gold and diamond traders to suggest measures to reduce imports and increase exports to contain the current account deficit (CAD).
11.30 AM Sep 6th  | Track

Tracking CBI chief Ranjit Sinhas guests: they visited just as their cases heated upApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Markets may consolidate for some days before next move emerges: Sukhani04 September 2014
Thursday
Markets remain choppy, may consolidate for some days before the next move emerges. Buying is suggested only after markets consolidate or dip
Decline continues in Bank Nifty and price closes lower. We may see a consolidation or correction in Banking Sector. CNX IT traded choppy today. Trend is up and we should look for a buying in this sector.
We have SILVER MINI in METAL SECTION. Prices are trading inside a range. A breakout may give us a trading opportunity. We have AUTOMOBILE in Sector Focus. Trend is up and we should look for buying in Auto Stocks. Stock in focus includes HIND UNILEVER, KOTAK BANK, MCLEODRUSS and ULTRA TECH CEMENT. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss GBP INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Rahul Gandhi taunts Narendra Modi for playing drums in Japan  calls it anti-peopleApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Narendra Modi plays drums in Japan while people in India suffer: Rahul GandhiApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Al-Qaeda comes out of cold to call for jihad in IndiaApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Federer reaches US Open SemifinalsNEW YORK, September 5, 2014
Updated: September 5, 2014 09:34 IST
Federer reaches US Open Semifinals
AP
Roger Federer celebrates his win over Gael Monfils, during the quarterfinal round of the 2014 U.S. Open tennis tournament on Thursday in New York. Photo: AP
TOPICS
tennis
This was the ninth time Federer has won a match after dropping the opening two sets.
Roger Federer saved two match points while coming all the way back from a two-set deficit to beat Gael Monfils 4-6, 3-6, 6-4, 7-5, 6-2 on Thursday night and reach the U.S. Open semifinals for the first time since 2011.
Frustrated by Monfils’ unpredictable style, flummoxed by the swirling wind, and missing shots he normally makes, Federer twice was a single point from losing while down 5-4 in the fourth set.
But he got out of that hole, starting a five-game run that put the match in his control for the first time all evening. It helped that Monfils’ quality of play dipped, including what wound up being a total of 10 double-faults.
This was the ninth time Federer has won a match after dropping the opening two sets.
The 20th-seeded Monfils was trying to reach his second career Grand Slam semifinal. Instead, Federer advanced to his 36th, ninth at Flushing Meadows. Five of Federer’s record 17 major singles titles have come at the U.S. Open, but he exited in the quarterfinals in 2012, and the fourth round in 2013.
On Saturday, the second-seeded Federer will play 14th-seeded Marin Cilic of Croatia. The other semifinal will be No. 1 Novak Djokovic against No. 10 Kei Nishikori; their quarterfinal victories came Wednesday.
Cilic wasn’t allowed to play in last year’s U.S. Open, forced to the sideline by a four—month doping suspension that he says he didn’t deserve. But Cilic reached the second Grand Slam semifinal of his career, and first since 2010, by beating sixth—seeded Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic 6-2, 6-4, 7-6 (4) on Thursday.
“I mean, it was a difficult period. I didn’t know when I’m going to start back. But (it) was also (a) good period for me,” Cilic said. “I matured a bit more and I was working, day after day.”
But that did not seem a certainty through the first 78 minutes of Federer-Monfils. That’s how long it took Monfils to shake off a twisted ankle and build a two-set lead, assisted by Federer’s 26 unforced errors in that span.
At 33, Federer was participating in his 43rd Grand Slam quarterfinal, while Monfils who turned 28 on Monday was in only his sixth. And Monfils had only won one of those, at the 2008 French Open, where he then lost to Federer in the semifinals, part of the Frenchman’s 2-7 head-to-head record coming into Thursday.
The air was swirling in the cavernous arena, rippling the players’ shirts and the giant American flag atop the stadium. In the early going, Monfils’ whiplike forehand was able to cut through the wind.
As the clock was about to strike 11 p.m., Monfils held two match points at 5-4 in the fourth set, with Federer serving. On the first, Monfils had an opening for a backhand passing shot, but it flew long. On the second, Federer produced a forehand winner, and the crowd roared.
After Federer held there for 5-all, Monfils had a letdown, double-faulting twice in a row to get broken. Soon enough they were in the fifth set which began with another break by Federer.

Poor patients in India facing HIV/AIDS drug shortagesApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Lufthansa flights grounded in new pilots  strikeApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Facebook rolls out  privacy checkup  to help users better manage what they postUrgent aid needed. Help Now
San Francisco: Facebook on Thursday began rolling out its "privacy checkup" aimed at helping users of the huge social network better manage sharing their information and postings.
The new system uses a blue dinosaur to guide Facebook users through its maze of privacy settings for personal information and for sharing their posts.
"We know you come to Facebook to connect with friends, not with us," Facebook's Paddy Underwood said in a blog post.
The new system uses a blue dinosaur to guide Facebook users through its maze of privacy settings for personal information and for sharing their posts.
"But we also know how important it is to be in control of what you share and who you share with."
Facebook announced the plan in June in its latest response to concerns about privacy, following criticism over its data mining practices for marketing purposes.
The dinosaur will pop up when users log on to Facebook, and take them through each step of the privacy settings, from their personal information to the apps that may access Facebook data.
A privacy shortcut will also be on each Facebook page to allow users to update their privacy settings.
Facebook, which has grown to more than a billion members worldwide, has been dogged by privacy issues for years, as well as by lawsuits claiming it fails to ensure personal data is safeguarded from marketers and third-party apps.
The group agreed with a US government agency to submit to external audits of how well it guards users' data.

Huawei unveils the 6-inch Ascend Mate7 with fingerprint sensor  5.5-inch Ascend G7Urgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Chinese electronics brand Huawei has showcased a number of new smartphone models at IFA 2014 in Berlin.
The Huawei Ascend G7 is the latest addition to Huawei's Ascend G devices. The Ascend G7 has a 5.5-inch 1280x720 HD screen along with a 13 megapixel rear camera. The 5-megapixel front-facing camera has an 88-degree wide-angle lens. The phone measures 7.6mm in thickness and weighs 165g. The Ascend G7 runs on Qualcomm's quad-core 1.2 GHz processor and a 3000 mAh Li-Polymer battery.
The G7 is priced at 299 euros (approximately Rs 23400) in Europe.
Huawei will also release a limited edition of its high-end Ascend P7 phone with a sapphire glass display.
In what appears to be a direct contender to Samsung's just-announced Galaxy Note 4, Huwaei has also launched the 6-inch Ascend Mate7 with an FHD display and an octa-core processor. The processor in the Mate7 is the Huawei Kirin 925 processor made up of four large A15 1.8 GHz and four small A7 1.3 GHz chipsets. The phone draws juice from a powerful 4100 mAh battery.
The phone also includes a fingerprint sensor on the rear of the device. The phone is 7.9mm slim and weighs 185g.
Huawei Ascend Mate7 (2GB RAM and 16GB ROM) will be available in Europe for 499 euros (approximately Rs 39000), while the premium Huawei Ascend Mate7 (3GB RAM and 32GB ROM) is priced at 599 euros (approximately Rs 7,000).
Huawei also said it would release a limited edition of its high-end Ascend P7 phone with a sapphire glass display - the costly but durable material that's been the subject of industry chatter following reports this year that Apple would begin mass producing devices with sapphire.

Motorola s new Moto G: First impressions reviewUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Riding high on the success of the Moto G, Motorola today introduced the successor to its affordable smartphone. Named the '2nd Gen Moto G', the Android smartphone comes with improved specs and at a price, which is Rs 1000 cheaper than its predecessor.
The new Moto G (16GB) carries a price tag of Rs 12,999; the original 16GB Moto G, however, was priced at Rs 13,999. Unlike the old Moto G, the new model does not come in a 8GB variant (The phone will be exclusively available in India via Flipkart starting from midnight of September 5).
While the original Moto G managed to impress us, does the Gen 2 edition live up to the expectations set by its illustrious predecessor? For that you will need to wait for our full review. Here are the initial impressions left behind by the new Moto G in the little time we experienced it at the New Delhi launch event.
The new Moto G comes with a larger display, enhanced cameras, better speakers, microSD card support for additional storage - all at Rs 1000 less than the predecessor.
The new Moto G looks a replica of the old Moto G - minus the size. But on a close look, other changes are also noticeable. For instance, the speaker from the back (on the old Moto G) has been brought to the front on the new Moto G. The new Moto G has dual speakers at the front that produce fairly loud sound in an average room environment, but in a noisy atmosphere, it may not sound powerful. But with earphones plugged in, the phone produces excellent audio results.
What is evident on the new Moto G is the larger display. The new model has a display bigger than the old model by 0.5 inches but with the same screen resolution. Motorola's new Moto G has a 5-inch 720p display that produces good colours and has satisfactory viewing angles. Besides the size, and consequently, the slightly lower pixel density, there are barely any changes, in terms of detailing and sharpness, for a naked eye to observe.
The phone is ergonomically designed with a curved rubbery-finished back. Its rounded corners add more to the comfortable handling.
A significant improvement in the new phone is that it offers expandable storage. The addition of a microSD card slot in the second-gen Moto G indicates that Motorola took the feedback seriously. The original Moto G was criticised for not offering additional storage. The company recommends to use a microSD card not more than 32GB.
The new Moto G comes with enhanced cameras - both in terms of quality and resolution. The megapixel count on the new Moto G has been upped from 5 megapixel to 8 megapixel for the primary camera, and 1.3 to 2 megapixel for the front camera. I remember telling people in my Moto G review early this year that the front camera is okay for video calling, but not for selfies. But Motorola has filled that gap with the new model.
The rear camera also captures quality and satisfactory pictures, but not detailed. Motorola doesn't give many options to customise the frame. The camera feature includes HDR, Panorama, slow-motion video, and tap to focus. Both the front and rear camera are claimed to capture 720p videos.
The phone has an internal storage space of 16GB, of which user-accessible is 12.90GB.
In terms of software improvements, Motorola has enhanced its Moto Alert, Assist and Migrate apps with new features. The Moto Assist now has driving and home modes. The phone, in the driving mode, detects that you are driving - based on the movements, sound of engine and other relevant factors and behaves accordingly. So, meanwhile, if you get a message, it speaks out loud that you have received a message and do you want the phone to read it aloud. You can then choose yes or No. This was what explained by a couple of Motorola executives but we are yet to test its efficiency.
Motorola's migrate app now supports phones other Android phones, including iPhones and other old phones. The app lets you move your stuff from your old phone to your new Motorola phone.
Also, the company has added the Intelligent Voice calling feature - which was first introduced on the Moto E - in the new Moto G. It learns your usage pattern to determine the best SIM for an outgoing call - which is actually based on your past behaviour.
The company claims the new Moto G, on a single charge, can last for a day. This is something which only an extensive test can validate.
Quite like the old Moto G, the new model also doesn't come with a modular charger. i.e., the charger doesn't have a detachable USB cable to transfer files.
The new Moto G will be available in two colours - black and white, and the phones looks smart in both colours.
Other features include FM Radio, Android 4.4 KitKat, Bluetooth version 4.0 LE. Beating under its hood is a 1.2GHz quad-core processor coupled with 1GB of RAM.
In brief, the new Moto G comes with a larger display, enhanced cameras, better speakers, microSD card support for additional storage - all at Rs 1000 less than the predecessor.
Moto G  specifications

Slow governance responsible for decline in growth: RajanSlow governance responsible for decline in growth: Rajan
PTI
Tweet
September 5, 2014:  
New Delhi, Sept 5 Attributing decline in economic growth to “slow governance” and faulty allocation of natural resources, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has said GDP will improve to 7 per cent in next three years on back of political stability.
“The sharp slowdown in GDP from 8-9 per cent growth to 4-5 per cent in the last two years was caused by issues such as environment and land acquisition problems, delays in withdrawal of fiscal and monetary stimulus, irregularities around allocation of natural resources and slow governance,” a Citi report quoted Rajan as saying.
Rajan had addressed a group of investors in Boston yesterday.
“On the back of political stability, improved business and investment climate, GDP growth is poised to improve towards 7 per cent over the next three years,” he said.
India’s economic growth has slipped to sub-5 per cent in 2013-14 and 2012-13 fiscals. In the current financial year, RBI estimates the growth to be 5.5 per cent.
In the first quarter of 2014-15 fiscal, the GDP improved to 5.7 per cent, from 4.6 per cent in the corresponding period a year ago.
Referring to the recent judgment of the Supreme Court on coal block allocation, Rajan said it “may create uncertainty in the short term, but long term, it is a positive development”.
As regards the inflation, he said it is still high because of supply side rigidities. “Food inflation is a source of discomfort and given the sub-par monsoon this year, there is a need to keep an eye on food inflation,” he said.
Food inflation in July stood at 8.43 per cent. The retail inflation was 7.96 per cent and WPI inflation was 5.19 per cent.
The RBI targets to contain retail inflation at 8 per cent this year and 6 per cent next year through a sound monetary policy framework.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Root s 100 helps England a win in the ODI seriesRoot's 100 helps England a win in the ODI series
PTI
Tweet
Leeds, Sep 5:  
Joe Root smashed his second ODI century as England prevented India from securing a clean sweep with a consolatory 41-run win in the inconsequential fifth cricket match, here on Friday.
Root struck 113 runs as England put on board a challenging 294 for seven and then bowled out the visitors for 253 in 48.4 even as India won the series 3-1 on the back of their previous victories.
India, who dominated the series with their consistent show, opted to bowl but Root’s hundred ensured that the home side scored their highest total of the series.
Root faced 108 balls and hit 10 fours along with three sixes in his magnificent innings. He added 108 runs off just 71 balls with Jos Buttler (49) for the fifth wicket scoring at impressive 8 runs per over.
In-form Indian opener Ajinkya Rahane (0) struggled today as he was dismissed for a nought but other batsmen, who got starts were guilty of not converting on an easy batting strip.
In a splendid rearguard action, Ravindra Jadeja hit an aggressive 87-run knock but was it was too late and only reduced the defeat margin. The southpaw hit nine fours and two sixes in his entertaining 62-ball innings.
Young batsman Ambati Rayudu came up with a fighting 53-run knock off 65 balls in India’s resistance but his promising innings was cut short by Ben Stokes.
Opener Shikhar Dhawan scored 31 off 44 balls before being castled by Moeen Ali, who also got key wicket of Suresh Raina (18) as the off-spinner played a crucial role in turning the tide in his side’s favour.
Till Mahendra Singh Dhoni was at the crease, India had their hopes alive but once the skipper fell in a bizarre fashion, it was a matter of time for England to complete the win. Dhoni chased a widish ball from Steven Finn and sent it straight to Stokes, gifting away his wicket after making 29. After that it was Jadeja, who kept England fielders busy, but could not pull off miraculous win.
For England, pacer troika of Stokes (3/47), James Anderson (2/39) and Steven Finn (2/37) shared seven wickets between them while Ali took two wickets
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

UN to set up Ebola crisis centreUN to set up Ebola crisis centre
Reuters
Tweet
UNITED NATIONS, Sept 5:  
The United Nations will soon set up an Ebola crisis centre to coordinate the response to the deadly virus and to strive to halt its spread in West African countries within six to nine months, U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon announced on Friday.
Ban called on the international community to provide $600 million needed for supplies in West Africa, where Ebola has killed more than 1,900 people since March and is "spreading far faster than the response."
"The goal is to stop Ebola transmission in affected countries within six to nine months, and to prevent the international spread of the virus," Ban said. "This can be done only if the urgent and necessary mobilisation is done both in the affected countries and by the international community."
He urged airlines and shipping companies not to cancel flights and docking in the affected countries.
"Banning flights and shipping services will not keep Ebola from spreading, but it will keep medical teams from reaching people most in need," he told reporters.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

India among publishing firm Pearsons top 4 growth marketsIndia among publishing firm Pearson’s top 4 growth markets
Navadha Pandey
MANGALORE, KARNATAKA, 18/11/2013: Students from various schools participating in learning about internet world at a training programme of Student Internet World-2013 at SDM college in Mangalore on November 18, 2013. Photo: H.S. Manjunath
New Delhi, September 5:  
India is among the top four growth markets for British publishing and education company Pearson, said Deepak Mehrotra, Managing Director, Pearson India.
The company has identified two areas that will drive its growth worldwide — focussing on the digital push and making investments in the four markets of India, Brazil, China and South Africa, he told BusinessLine.
Apart from publishing, the company manages around 30 schools in India, runs a vocational training programme, online tutoring and creates test preparation material.
While the company did not share investment details for India, it said that a big focus area for Pearson India is going to be the schools that it manages, in terms of demonstrating a significant learning outcome. Providing skills would be another area, Mehrotra said, adding that it would also work towards bringing good quality higher education distance learning into the country.
Pearson has been on an acquisition spree in the past. In February 2013, it acquired Bangalore-based online education services company TutorVista. In April the same year, it bought out Educomp's shares in IndiaCan, the vocational training joint venture set up by the two companies in 2009. In December 2013, it acquired Grupo Multi, an adult English language training company in Brazil.
On whether acquisitions would be its strategy going forward, Mehrotra said, “Opportunistically, we will be looking at the right kind of investment to be made. Like any business we would do a make and buy decision on how we want to go ahead.”
In terms of the digital push, Pearson India is looking at integrating content with pedagogy. It aims to deliver excellent learning outcomes for 10 million learners every year till 2020.
On whether Samsung’s entry into the education sector with the launch of Samsung Smart Learning digital store would stir things up in the education space, Mehrotra said, “Content is not the only solution. How the content is delivered and whether it is residing on a very strong researched pedagogy which is impacting the learning flow is important. We may or may not have our own learning app. But we would be operating on a very strong researched backdrop of pedagogy, content and learning environment.”
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Automotive industry unit in Tihar to be run ...Automotive industry unit in Tihar to be run by inmates
PTI Sep 6, 2014, 02.31PM IST
Tags:
automotive industry
(For the first time in the…)
NEW DELHI: For the first time in the history of Indian automotive industry , a manufacturing unit has been set up inside a jail premises where work will be carried out by prison inmates.
The Director General of Delhi prisons, Alok Verma, today inaugurated the small scale automotive workshop in Jail number 2 of Tihar here, under a public-private partnership providing training and employment opportunities for the inmates.
The manufacturing unit has been set up by Minda Furukawa Electric Pvt. Ltd (MFE), a joint venture company between Spark Minda, Ashok Minda Group of India and Furukawa of Japan.
The company develops and produces the entire range of wiring harness for four wheelers, and components related to wiring harness.
"The inmates will profit in both long term and short term working here. They will be paid wages and will gain work experience which will be useful for them to rehabilitate themselves after completing their terms here," Delhi prisons DIG and PRO Mukesh Prasad said.
The inmates working here will be supervised by professionals and will earn more wages in comparison to other inmates working in the jail.
"We are hopeful of making the inmates able to earn their living once they are out of jail by gaining technical experience," Prasad said.
The venture was inaugurated in the presence of Delhi prisons DG, DIG, Chairperson of Spark Munda, Sarika Minda, President of MFE, A Maenishi and other senior officials.
Chief Marketing Officer of the Spark Minda Group said, "This initiative will certainly produce a sustainable collaborative social business model, which will benefit the convicts of Tihar Jail, their families and victims also.
"We are certainly exploring such avenues at other places also... The investments at Tihar includes machinery, raw material and other quality systems and procedures as laid down per policy and the facility will be run by jail convicts under the supervision of MFE.
"In this manufacturing unit, Wire Harness product, a key automotive component, will be manufactured by the Jail convicts," he said. Initially 30 to 35 inmates are working on this joint project which is likely to be increased in future, Prasad said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

New price points  unique flavours: Snack makers keeping it crispApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Expenditure management panel to look into Centres spendingApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Market gears up for slew of IPOsSamie Modak |  Mumbai Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 12:57 AM IST
Markets prepare themselves for slew of IPOs
Buoyed by the success of secondary  market, IPO market set to see high action
With the market rising and investor sentiment improving, India’s primary market is warming up for action, after a hiatus of about two years. Buoyed by the success of the Rs 200-crore initial public offering (IPO) of Snowman Logistics, which saw bids worth about Rs 12,000 crore, at least three more IPOs are set to hit the market.
On Friday, agrochemical company Sharda Cropchem launched a Rs 350-crore offering. Next in line are media firm Shemaroo Entertainment, which plans to raise about Rs 150 crore, and apparel retailer Monte Carlo Fashion’s Rs 500-crore IPO.
Adlabs Entertainment and Lavasa Corporation are seeking regulatory nods to launch such offerings.
If the Sharda Cropchem, Shemaroo and Monte Carlo IPOs go through, September will be the best month for the IPO market since December 2012, in terms of the number of offerings. Since 2013, only five IPOs have hit the market, indication the slowdown the primary market has seen.
“Discussions with companies have increased substantially and we think there are many quality issues in the pipeline. We feel there will be more filings with Sebi (Securities and Exchange Board of India) through the next few months,” said Sanjay Sharma, managing director and head (equity capital markets), Deutsche Equities India.
“In the past two to three years, there wasn’t much activity in the equity market. So, people had stopped work on IPOs. Now that the markets have opened up, you will find more such offerings; you will start seeing more IPOs hitting the market after September,” said Indraneil Borkakoty, managing director, IDFC Investment Banking.
It is expected share sale activity by the government will also gather steam soon.
Sources say the Centre has already started road shows for disinvestment in Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) and Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC).
SAIL’s offer for sale (OFS) of about Rs 2,000 crore is likely to be first off the block, followed by ONGC’s mega share sale of about Rs 15,000 crore.
Investment bankers are confident the new paper supply, be it through IPOs or OFSs, will be lapped up by investors. The optimism stems from the recent success of share sales in listed companies, as well as the availability of liquidity. This year, about Rs 60,000 crore has already been raised through qualified institutional placements, OFS and block trades. Foreign investors have pumped in about $13 billion into the stock market this year, while mutual funds have invested about Rs 12,000 crore since July. Equity mutual fund schemes, after recording inflows of about Rs 20,000 crore in the last three months, are waiting to deploy funds in new paper in the market.
Experts say investor preference is shifting from the debt market to equities, adding this will help the primary market offerings, as prices of listed companies have already run up substantially. The shift can be attributed to tax changes in the case of debt mutual funds, as well as the success of the equity market. India’s benchmark indices—the Sensex and the Nifty—have soared about 30 per cent so far this year and are close to their all-time highs.
 Advertisements

LIC tops Million Dollar Round Table listBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 12:31 AM IST
LIC tops Million Dollar Round Table list
MDRT is premier association for financial services professionals like insurance agents; LIC leads the chart with 6730 MDRT members
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has topped the company ranking list of the Million Dollar Round Table (MDRT) in 2014.
The ranking has 6,730 MDRT members.
Founded in 1927, MDRT claims to be a “an independent association of more than 42,000 of the world’s leading life insurance and financial services professionals from more than 470 companies in 71 countries”.
Apart from the basic membership, MDRT has two levels — court of table (COT) and top of table (TOT). MDRT’s Top of the Table is an exclusive forum for the world’s most successful life insurance and financial services professionals.
It has now been decided by LIC to encourage more agents to join this esteemed group. The aim is to achieve 13,000 members this calendar year.
To become a member of MDRT in 2014, an agent is required to do annually. Agents are required to have a minimum commission of Rs 8.36 lakh annually in 2013 and Rs 25.08 lakh for COT. Court of the Table members must earn three times the MDRT base production requirement and are eligible to attend a special session at the MDRT annual meeting to celebrate and network. Top of the Table, MDRT's highest level of membership, comprises those members who submit six times the MDRT production requirement.
MDRT members get access to meetings, networking opportunities and international training and development. Through its many professional development programs, services and products, MDRT provides opportunities for members to gain insights into all aspects of expanding their business, leading to even greater success. Its membership is regarded as the standard of excellence in the insurance and financial services industry.
 Advertisements

Adivare  Konkanewadi ready to part with land for landslidesurvivorsPrint
Written by Nisha Nambiar | Pune | Posted: September 6, 2014 11:09 am | Updated: September 6, 2014 11:16 am
Adivare village has shown willingness to part with 3 acres of land for rehabilitating the Malin tragedy affected villagers and the administration is hopeful of attaining three acres more to complete the process in a week’s time. The administration needs 6 acres to rehabilitate the Malin villagers as agreed upon after consultation.
Pune district collector Saurabh Rao, who is the nodal authority on the rehabilitation process, said that his officers have been updating him regarding the progress of the process and owners of land in Adivare village have shown willingness to part with 3 acres. Officials are in talks for another three acres which too should come about, Rao added. “The progress of rehabilitation is picking up and my officials are in the process of acquiring the required 6 acres from this village itself,’’ said Rao. He added that the rehabilitation process was initiated only after a round of talks with the villagers.
Though the administration is set on Adivare, they have devised a back-up plan too. In case they have issues at Adivare, they have a village at the Malin gaothan —Konkanewadi — where villagers have expressed willingness to hand out 15 acres. So, the administration is sure that there would not be any issue in the rehabilitation process.
With Rs 7 crore being allotted from the state government, the administration will buy land for rehabilitation at the rate decided. “The priority is to buy the land from the owners immediately and then the land will first be transferred to the state government and then it will be individually allotted to the villagers as was promised by the government,’’ assured the collector.
The focus being on permanent rehabilitation and even basic infrastructure, the entire process is estimated to take one year. “The land will also have to be approved by the Geological Survey of India. They have given a preliminary clearance and we would take a final approval from them,” he added.
With the state environmental appraisal committee asking for clearance of rehabilitation sites, the collector has assured that they would do the needful and get all clearances at the earliest to start the rehabilitation process. On September 2, the committee had decided that all rehabilitation sites must have environmental clearance before being approved.
The rehabilitation will see construction of 72 houses at the new site. While the town planners are working on it, there are also some private parties who have come forward and said that there could be different approaches to construct these homes.
Deliberations are on with the NGO Shaswat, that is working in the region, on whether there should be an owner drive construction approach, participatory construction approach or a  cashless construction management approach. “All options are being considered and the best proposal will be taken up,’’ said a district official.

Maharashtra: Shiv Sena leader held for rape after class 9 student delivers a prematurebabyPrint
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 6, 2014 11:06 am | Updated: September 7, 2014 1:35 am
The Kashimira police in Thane rural district on Thursday arrested Shiv Sena district deputy chief Vasudeo Nambiyar (61) for raping a minor.
“The 15-year-old victim is a student of Class10 of Gyaan Parbodhini Vidyamandir, of which Nambiyar is a trustee. On September 2, the victim complained of stomach pain, and her mother took her to a doctor. After examining her, the local doctor recommended that the girl needed to be taken to a nursing home. She was taken to Ganesh nursing home,” said Jagdish Walvi, sub-inspector, Kashimira police station.
“At the nursing home, the victim delivered a baby. The girl then informed her parents that she was being repeatedly raped by a trustee of the school at his bunglow for the past one year. The hospital authorities informed us, and then we approached the victim’s family. We were taken a back as the minor was eight months  pregnant and her family members were not aware of it,” added Walvi.
“However, I took the statement of the victim and she said that Nambiyar took her to his bungalow located opposite her  school and raped her on several occasions. He had threatened her of dire consequences if she informed anyone about the incidents,  Walvi said.
The officer added that strangely, neither her parents nor her teachers found out about her pregnancy for eight months. “On September 2, she delivered a premature child, and on September 4, we arrested Nambiyar. He was later produced him in a court. The victim was sent for medical tests while the accused and the child were sent for DNA testing as Nambiyar refuted the allegation. We are now waiting for the medical reports,” Walvi said.
The accused has been charged under Sections 376 (rape) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the Indian Penal Code and Section 4 of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act.
“The  Shiv Sena district deputy chief was produced before a local magistrate on September 5, who remanded him in police custody till September 11,” the sub-inspector said.
 
Mulund-based doctor arrested for ‘raping’ minor patient
The Mulund police on Saturday arrested a doctor for allegedly raping a minor. The police said Dr Jayesh Khataria (49) worked at a nursing home in Mulund.
“The victim met Khataria on September 1 at his nursing home, Aakansha, located in Mehul talkies in Mulund (West). She was suffering from stomach pain. While examining the victim, the accused took her pictures.
Later, when the victim approached the nursing home for the report, she was asked to make a call to Khataria. On September 5, Khataria asked the victim to meet him near Swapn Nagari in Mulund,” said S S Kadam, senior police inspector of Kapurbawadi police station.
“He asked her to get into his car. Later, the accused showed her the semi-nude pictures he had clicked of her while examining her on September 1. He threatened her that he would upload them on various social networking sites.
Khataria then took the girl to Sanjay Gandhi National Park in Borivali and raped her. He then left her at Majiwada junction continued…

Heavy monsoon rains kill 110 people inPakistanAn Pakistani army helicopter hovers to rescue trapped people from a flooded area on the outskirts of Islamabad, Pakistan, Friday, Sept. 5, 2014. (AP Photo)
Press Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: September 6, 2014 10:54 am | Updated: September 6, 2014 4:45 pm
At least 160 people have been killed and 148 others injured in torrential monsoon rains in Pakistan that have wreaked havoc across the country as troops raced to evacuate people from deluged areas.
Premier Nawaz Sharif on Saturday chaired a meeting to review rain and flood situation in the country and the damage caused to life and property by incessant showers.
Monsoon rains continue to wreak havoc across Punjab and Pakistan-occupied Kashmir (PoK), increasing the death toll to at least 160, Express News reported on Saturday.
The downpour, termed as one of the heaviest ever, started on Wednesday and has since continued to lash certain parts of the country.
Chairman National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA), Major General Muhammad Saeed Aleem briefed the Prime Minister about the ongoing relief activities and measures being taken at the district, provincial and national levels to cope with the emergent situation.
Areas in Punjab, PoK and Gilgit-Baltistan have been affected by the rains and flooding.
Lahore and Rawalpindi divisions are experiencing serious urban flooding. There is also flooding in Chenab and Jhelum while canals, especially in Gujranwala and Rawalpindi, are also flooded, Aleem said.
Flood level in Jhelum river and Mangla reservoir is exceptionally high while the flood level at Rasul Headworks, a dam in Punjab, is at medium level.
The Prime Minister was informed that Palandri (in PoK) had received 668 mm of rain, Islamabad got 316 mm, Rawalpindi 440 mm, Lahore 350 mm while Sialkot received 316 mm of rainfall during the last 48 hours, resulting in flashfloods in PoK and northeast Punjab.
Sharif directed that evacuation of people and livestock should be carried out immediately while all national highways be opened for traffic by Saturday night.
The incessant rains have wreaked havoc, affecting the urban infrastructure in Pakistan that regularly suffers from flooding during the monsoon season.
The floods of 2010 were the worst in the country’s history, with 1,700 people killed and 21 million affected. In 2013, 178 people were killed and around 1.5 million affected by flooding.
Pakistan, like neighboring India, suffers widespread flooding during the annual monsoon season. In 2010, flash floods killed 1,700 people in Pakistan.

INSO  PUSU shine in citycollegesPrint
Written by Srishti Choudhary | Chandigarh | Posted: September 6, 2014 10:43 am
As the National Students’ Union of India (NSUI) strengthened its grip by bagging three of the four posts of Panjab University’s students’ council against two last year, it was the Indian National Students’ Organisation (INSO), and Panjab University Students’ Union (PUSU) which collectively bagged the maximum number of posts in colleges across city.
INSO, which is the youth wing of the Indian National Lok Dal, in alliance with other students’ organisations, won all four seats of the college councils in four city colleges.
In two of these colleges, INSO had made an alliance with PUSU while in the other two, it was with the Students’ Organisation of India (SOI) which is the youth wing of the Shiromani Akali Dal.
At GGDSD College, Sector 32, the alliance of PUSU-INSO-SOI won all four posts, defeating the NSUI-led alliance with SD College Union and the Students’ Organisation of Panjab University(SOPU). The most gripping fight was witnessed for the post of secretary where the NSUI-SOPU candidate lost by just three votes.
Post-Graduate Government College, Sector 11; Sri Guru Gobind Singh College (SGGS), Sector 26; and Government College for Commerce and Business Administration, Sector 42, were the other three colleges where the INSO-led alliance emerged victorious.
Interestingly, SOPU and PUSU, which had joined hands in PGGC-11 despite years of political rivalry on the PU campus, faced defeat at the hands of a stronger alliance led by SOI-INSO which won all four seats in this college.
Sri Guru Gobind Singh College, Sector 26, emerged as the only co-educational college in the city to have elected a woman president, namely Ramandeep Kaur, of the Khalsa College Student Union-INSO alliance.
The alliance won all four posts of the college council, unlike last year when it had failed to bag the post of president.
It was only in DAV College, Sector 10, where the NSUI led-alliance emerged victorious on all the four posts. However, NSUI’s former ally, PUSU, faced defeat.
In fact in girls’ colleges, most of the winners were independents. GGS for Women, Sector 26, witnessed unanimous selection of all the four members of the college council. However, voting took place at PGGCG, Sector 11; PGGCG-42; and Dev Samaj College for Women, Sector 45.
The posts of president and vice-president at MCM DAV College, Sector 36, remained vacant as the candidates were disqualified. Similarly, there were no candidates for the post of joint secretary at PGGCG-11.
However, as the elections concluded peacefully in all the colleges, the authorities took a sigh of relief. Stringent security arrangements had been made, particularly at DAV College, Sector 10, keeping in view a few clashes between students in the run-up to the elections.

For Modi speech  kids sit glued toTVStudents watch live telecast of PM Narendra Modi’s speech at KBDAV School in Chandigarh on Friday. (Source: Express photo by Jaipal Singh)
Written by Tanbir Dhaliwal | Chandigarh | Posted: September 6, 2014 10:37 am
From arranging LCD projectors and getting cable/internet connections to making power back-up arrangements, teachers from government schools across the city were busy through out the week. This was to ensure an uninterrupted live telecast of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s speech on Teachers’ Day.
The culmination of the preparations happened on Friday as students and teachers got glued to the screens, listening to the PM’s address and then his interaction with the students. In fact, school teachers were asked to bring LCDs and television sets from their homes, and cable TV operators were coaxed into providing free connection to the schools. Attendance was also made compulsory for students.
At the Government Model Senior Secondary School in Dhanas, as many as 15 screens including four plasma, eight television sets and three projectors were installed.
“Television sets and LCDs are of teachers. However, we arranged projectors on rent. We managed to get cable connection for free as some of the parents of the students here work as cable operators,” said Harmeet Kaur, Principal, GMSSS, Dhanas.
Another principal, Harjit Kaur, from Government Model High School in Khudda Jassu, said, “We got the formal notification on August 30, and we started making arrangements from September 1. Teachers were on duty to make arrangements.” She added that four screens were installed for the display of Modi’s speech and power back-up arrangements were made for uninterrupted live telecast of the address.
All arrangements were made from the school’s own funds as the authorities did not get any amount from the UT Education Department for this event. “We did not get any new funds from the education department for this purpose. So, we spent money (about Rs 6,000) from our own pocket,” she said. At Government Model Senior Secondary School in Sector 16, the students were also seen sitting in various corridors, listening to Modi’s speech. There too, four screens were installed.

Kids swim across river to hear about HiranbridgeSchool children watching Prime Minister Narendra Modi's speech in Chhota Udepur on teacher's day.
Written by Aditi Raja | Utavadi (narmada) | Posted: September 6, 2014 10:34 am
On Friday, about 125 students from 16 villages in Sankheda taluka of Chhota Udepur district remained cut off from their school in Utavadi in Narmada due to the swollen Hiran River.
Barring four girls who braved the neck-deep waters and walked across with the help of village elders and the ‘Ghori’ (a round bottomed heavy brass vessel) to reach the school as usual while 11 boys hitched a hike on a local bus and travelled an additional hour to make it to the school.
All this to mark their presence for Teachers’ Day at school, which also included a live address by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
As Modi beamed live through the convex screen of an outmoded Onida brand television set on the premises of the Utavadi Primary and Secondary School in Narmada district, about 700-odd students, mostly girls, attentively listened to the address.
Even during the four interruptions due to tripping power supply in the first 15 minutes alone, students remained glued to the television set waiting for Modi’s speech to resume.
The Gujarat Electricity Board sub-station in the village has been instructed to “keep tab” on tripping lines so that the school does not miss the “significant” speech. The students from Chhota Udepur — popularly known as “those who cross the river” — sat in the front row, closest to the television, representing their friends who could not swim on Friday, hoping to hear their PM talk about the imminent bridge over Hiran river.
Hiral Tadvi, a Class X student, who walked through the neck-deep Hiran river with her Ghori shared by four other friends and a village elder, said missing school is “not her habit”. She said, “The days that we unable to step head-above-water into the river, we are forced to stay at home. But today, the water was neck-deep at the deepest point. So we walked with a village elder with the help of our ‘Ghori’ to reach school. Today is a special day as we pray for our teachers and seek their blessings. I did not want to miss the day today.”
Her classmate, Aruna Baria, who also journeyed through the neck-deep waters on Friday morning, said, “The river is overflowing because of the heavy rains in the last few days. We thought since it is an important day and Modiji would be speaking to students today, we hope he talks about building a bridge on this river. Although our school did not make it mandatory for us to make this difficult journey.”
The boys, however, preferred to hitch bus and tempo hikes through a longer route than swimming the swelling river. Hitesh Baria, a Class X student, who sat in the front rows of the school to watch the Modi speech said, “I was keen on listening to Modiji. I wanted to know continued…

Isro to test-fire MOM engine on September 22The engine's test-firing will result in the spacecraft deviating from its trajectory, which will be corrected later. 
ET SPECIAL:
MUMBAI: On September 22, about 48 hours prior to its crucial orbit insertion, the Mars Orbiter Mission's (MOM) 440N liquid apogee motor (LAM) will be test-fired for five seconds.
The engine's test-firing will result in the spacecraft deviating from its trajectory, which will be corrected later.
Isro chairman K Radhakrishnan told TOI on Friday that should there be a problem with the motor, the space agency will resort to its 'Plan B' for the Mars orbit insertion. This backup plan involves firing of the eight 22 Newton thrusters for the insertion.
When asked whether the mission profile would change in case Isro has to fall back on its 'Plan B', Radhakrishnan acknowledged that "it will not be the original mission", but it will mark the end of an uncertain period. He said 'Plan B' would essentially be a "salvaging exercise".
The Isro chief said that commands for the orbit insertion will be uploaded on September 14.
During the orbit insertion, which starts at 7.18am on September 24, the engine will be fired for 28 minutes. The success of the mission will only be confirmed around 8.15am, as the spacecraft will be on the other side of Mars during the insertion.
The MOM, travelling at a speed of 22km/second, is now less than 6 million km away from Mars.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Tech on Twitter Follow

Was Joan Rivers given same drug that killed Michael JacksonThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Japanese PM begins South Asia tripThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

UN chief hails ceasefire agreement in eastern UkraineThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Crude falls on soft U.S. jobs report  supply concernsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Police can take action to check illegal mining: SCThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SBI unveils savings account for minorsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Delhi government formation: What AAP  BJP  Congress have to sayApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Intex launches Aqua Style Mini Android KitKat phone featuring Mary KomApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Apple s rivals hope its iWatch makes "wearable" workApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

India  Australia sign civil nuclear dealNayanima Basu |  New Delhi Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 12:59 AM IST
India, Australia sign civilian nuclear energy deal
Uranium shipments might not start before 2-5 years; supplies might be limited
Adding another feather to its foreign policy cap, the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government under Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday signed a civil nuclear agreement with Australia to address India’s growing need for power.
The deal, signed in the presence of Modi and visiting Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott, officially marked an end to the ban imposed by Australia on selling uranium to India. The ban was lifted in 2012, when talks for the nuclear deal began.
This will be the first such deal signed by the NDA government. India has similar agreements with the US, Canada, the UK, South Korea and France, among other countries.
“The signing of the civil nuclear cooperation agreement is a historic milestone in our relationship. It is a reflection of a new level of mutual trust and confidence in our relationship and will open a new chapter in our bilateral cooperation. It will support India’s efforts to fuel its growth with clean energy and minimise its carbon footprint,” Modi said after a meeting with his Australian counterpart.
ALSO READ:  Experts welcome nuclear deal with Australia
Abbott said the deal would “finally allow Australian uranium sales to India”. He added the decision to sale uranium to India was “originally an initiative of the Howard government, now brought to fruition by the Abbott government”, referring to his Liberal Party predecessor John Howard, prime minister of Australia in 1996-2007.
The memorandum of understanding (MoU) for the deal, Cooperation in the Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy, was signed between R K Sinha, secretary, department of atomic energy, and Patrick Suckling, Australia’s high commissioner to India, following a meeting of the two prime ministers here.
ALSO READ:  Australian PM arrives, nuclear energy deal likely to be signed Friday
“The agreement will promote cooperation in peaceful uses of nuclear energy. It recognises India’s commitment and use of nuclear energy with a view to achieving sustainable development and strengthening energy security. Australia can play the role of a long-term reliable supplier of uranium to India. It provides for supply of uranium, production of radio isotopes, nuclear safety and other areas of cooperation,” the MoU stated.
Apparently, both sides also signed a parallel nuclear safeguards agreement, as India isn’t a signatory to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. This was also the case when India had signed a civil nuclear deal with Canada, a senior official told Business Standard.
Australia has about 40 per cent of global uranium reserves, of which it exports about 20 per cent, making it one of the largest exporters of the commodity. It doesn’t have any nuclear power plants of its own.
However, uranium supplies from Australia, which stands to earn billions of dollars through such shipments, to India could be limited because of Australia’s domestic laws. Besides, it might take four-five years for the shipments to start. According to Australian rules, uranium mining is limited to only a few mines and most are bound by long-terms contracts.
“This deal isn’t that much about business; it has more to do with India being recognised as a credible, nuclear-responsible state,” said the official quoted earlier.
India has 21 operational nuclear power reactors, across six power plants, with an installed capacity of 5,302 Mw; these produce 29,664.75 GWh of electricity. Seven more reactors, under construction, are expected to generate an additional 6,100 Mw, according to official statistics.
Under the nuclear power generation programme, India hopes to increase its nuclear capacity to 63,000 Mw by 2032 by adding about 30 reactors, at an estimated cost of $85 billion.

Parents expected to pay more on MBAs abroadBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 12:55 AM IST
Want a foreign MBA for your child? Get ready to pay more
A survey by Graduate Management Council finds lower reliance on loans
If your child aspires to pursue a two-year full-time MBA course abroad, be prepared to bear the costs. A survey by the Graduate Management Admission Council (GMAC) has said Indian citizens considering full-time two-year MBA programmes abroad expect grants and scholarships to cover a small portion of the expenditure, adding they look to their parents to provide the rest of the expenses.
According to the survey, Indians planning to study abroad traditionally rely on loans to fund more than a third of the cost. Among the options they consider are personal funds (24 per cent in 2013, against 23 per cent in 2009), loans (22 per cent, against 26 per cent in 2009) and contribution by parents (20 per cent, against 14 per cent in 2009).
For Indians, while loans continue to be the primary source of funds to go abroad for an MBA degree, the dependence on loans, as well as scholarships/grants, has declined.
In China, parents are seen as the primary source of funds for a master’s degree in finance abroad. In that country, students expect parents to contribute 53 per cent of the funds for their education.
Between 2009 and 2013, prospective MBA students around the world intended to borrow less for education abroad, instead counting on greater contributions from parents.
According to GMAC’s mba.com Prospective Students Survey, which surveys about 12,000 mba.com registrants globally every year, the percentage of those saying they didn’t have any reservations about pursuing a degree abroad rose from 13 per cent in 2009 to 18 per cent in 2013. Of those that did, cost and potential debt were the primary concerns. However, the number of those concerned about these aspects saw a decline — while the percentage of those worried about costs fell from 53 per cent to 48 per cent, those thinking potential debt would be a burden fell from 51 per cent to 45 per cent.
GMAC’s annual alumni perspectives survey showed business school alumni continued to value their degrees, saying they had seen satisfying return on investment—personally, professionally, and financially.
Between 2009 and 2013, the percentage of funding prospective MBA students worldwide expected their parents to cover increased from 14 per cent to 20 per cent; the portion they expected to borrow or cover through scholarships/grants decreased. Amid the popularity of specialised master’s programmes in business, those who planned to enrol for such courses expected their parents to fund a significant sum.
In countries such as the US, where a full-time two-year MBA course is the signature programme at many business schools, those considering these courses expected to increase the contribution of personal funds, employers and parents towards the education costs and rely less on loans, compared to 2009.
 Advertisements

Video: Take a stand  slap the eveteasersPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 11:42 am | Updated: September 6, 2014 11:58 am
Eve-teasing is one of the biggest problem of our society. And what is more tragic is that girls and women often do not speak up like this girl in the video did.
Although the girl slapped the wrong person, but to have the courage to slap the eve-teasers is what this video teaches all.
The girl realised her mistake after slapping the wrong guy and felt embarrassed as well. But had some comfort after what the guy told her in response. Here’s what happened:

ViCTERS skips Modis address  courts controversyUpdated: September 6, 2014 11:42 IST
ViCTERS skips Modi’s address, courts controversy
C. Maya
THE HINDU Students of Vyasa Vidyalaya in Kozhikode viewing Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Teachers’ Day speech, at the school on Friday. PHOTO: S. RAMESH KURUP
Channel says it’s technical glitch, but BJP alleges plot
A last-minute decision by the State-run education channel, ViCTERS, not to stream live the nationwide Teachers’ Day address by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday is all set to snowball into a major issue with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) alleging that a State-sponsored conspiracy had prevented the live telecast of the address.
The official stance of the channel was that technical glitches had prevented the live telecast of the address. However, BJP State president V. Muraleedharan said in a statement that the State government had given oral instructions not to telecast the programme live.
The Prime Minister’s address had been telecast by Doordarshan and many schools had made arrangements to show the speech to the students. Almost all schools in the State were closing for the Onam vacation on Friday and hence in several schools, students had left by noon. The Director of Public Instruction (DPI) had issued a circular to the schools that arrangements be made for showing Mr. Modi’s address to students. However, the State government later clarified that it was not compulsory for schools to show the programme.
Babu Sebastian, former Executive Director of IT @School, which is running the ViCTERS channel, said that on August 28, he had convened a meeting of officials concerned and had issued clear instructions that Mr. Modi’s address be streamed live through ViCTERS channel and that permission be sought from Doordarshan for the same.
Dr. Sebastian said that he had no idea where the lapse occurred as he had been relieved of his position the very next day, for him to assume office as Vice Chancellor of Mahatma Gandhi University. DPI Gopalakrishna Bhatt said he was inquiring into the incident.
State BJP leader K. Surendran and the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad, in separate statements, alleged that the Education Department had used the official machinery to humiliate the Prime Minister.

BJP may struggle for numbers to form govt in DelhiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Bank of Albania governor arrestedThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ukraine truce takes hold as West lines up Russia sanctionsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sorry typing mistake  3 digit stock 100 within a month. so happy diwa...Chief of Bureau, CNBC-TV18 Mumbai
2353
Financial Markets Anchor & Research Analyst
12548
Head - Research
2546
After United Bank, now SBI declares KFA a willful defaulter. Is it too late for banks to recover their dues?
Yes

Yes till 2700 one can short monday need to see another slumpCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

I kick myself every day for buying only 3000 shares at 13 .good part i...Silver Member
1 Followers
I kick myself every day for buying only 3000 shares at 13 .Good part is I am still holding it .Cant be a greedy cow !! I Know peopl @ Suven they are bullish about this , Its new neural drugs will fetch them handsome returns in future . It can tuch 800 to 1000 in 3-4 years . Lupin , Natco, Glenmark grew 20,30 times in less than 10 years , it can be suven`s turn . Cant say with cent percent accuracy ,Thats stock markets for u !!

Are bhai koun bol raha hai aapko ye sabNew Member
0 Follower
avance Technologies Limited, Board Meeting, Sep 03, 2014. Agenda: To approve the annual report of the company for the financial year ended March 31, 2014; to appoint/ re-appoint the Director(s) at the ensuing annual general meeting of the company; to consider the appointment of statutory auditors of the company; to consider the increase in authorized share capital; to consider and decide preferential allotment of equity shares; to finalize the dates of closure of register of members and share transfer book (book closure dates) of the company for the purpose of ensuing annual general meeting; to fix the day, date, time and venue for the 30th annual general meeting of the company; and to consider and approve the draft notice for the 30th annual general meeting of the company.
In reply to : TUSHKI message
2.47 PM Sep 8th

HCL Tech Selected as Strategic Partner by Australian Train OperatorBangalore: IT services provider HCL Technologies on Wednesday said it has been selected by Sydney Trains as a strategic partner to provide bespoke systems support services.
 
HCL will provide end-to-end application management and support services to transform the company's IT landscape, it said in a release.
 
Leveraging its integrated service delivery framework MaSCOT (Managed Services with Continuous improvement to Transformation) and ALT ASM, HCL will provide application development besides support and maintenance services to support business and IT users in improving application stability and availability for Sydney Trains, it added.
 
HCL also said it will use its ASSeT transition framework to ensure a seamless and risk free transition with zero business disruption.
 
The release said HCL will also be responsible for optimising the company's application portfolio in alignment with business processes across its Australian operations.
 
"Our engagement with Sydney Trains underscores HCL's growing leadership in the global travel, transport and logistics industry," said Sanjeev Nikore, president-APMEA, India business, and senior corporate vice president of strategic engagements at HCL Technologies. 
 
"Driven by our core philosophy of Relationship Beyond the Contract, our constant endeavour will be to deliver excellence and innovation to transform their IT applications landscape."
 
As of 2:31 p.m., shares in HCL Tech were trading at Rs 1655.65 apiece on the BSE, up 0.71 per cent from the previous close. 
Story first published on: September 03, 2014 14:45 (IST)

JP Associates Crashes 33% in 4 Days  Loses Rs 3 300 Crore M-CapITC Shares Fall amid Reports of Tough Tobacco Policy
Shares in Jaiprakash Associates crashed to double-digit losses for a second straight session on Friday. Shares in the engineering and construction firm fell as much as 14 per cent on top of the 17.6 per cent plunge yesterday. Over the last four sessions, Jaiprakash Associates has fallen 33 per cent and lost over Rs 3,300 crore in market capitalisation.
Reasons for the selloff:
1) Promoters have sold shares in open market: Amid speculation that promoters are reducing their stakes, Jaiprakash Associates yesterday clarified that one of its promoters (Jaypee Infra Ventures) sold 3.53 crore shares between September 1 to September 3. Its stake has now come down from 29.75 per cent to 28.30 per cent. The promoters as of June-2014 had no pledged shares and own 45 per cent stake in Jaiprakash Associates currently. ( Read more details )
When promoters sell shares without a valid reason, investors tend to get jittery. In the current scenario, Jaiprakash Associates says the promoter company sold shares to "meet its requirement of funds including for social cause."
Gaurav Dua, head of research at Sharekhan told NDTV, "We would not know why have they sold or what they are planning to do with the money." ( Watch the interview )
2) Mr Dua says there are rumours in the market that Jaiprakash Associates, as a Group, has not been able to service its debt.
It's known fact that Jaiprakash Associates is struggling under huge debt. According to Thomson Reuters data, the company has a net debt of Rs 63,111 crore and a debt-to-equity ratio of nearly 6 times. To deleverage, the company has been trying to dispose some of its assets. ( Read the full story here )
Companies that operate in capital intensive space such as Jaiprakash Associates tend to have high debt. This also means that such companies have to divert a lot of earnings towards servicing debt.
Mr Dua says 80-90 per cent of enterprise value of Jaiprakash Associates is debt and the current market cap reflects just 14-15 per cent of valuation.
"The assets are there, they are working, very good assets, but it is the sustainability of the Group which is a question mark," he added.
What should you do with the stock?
As a rule, investors should stay out of companies with corporate governance issues, most analysts told NDTV. UR Bhat, MD of Dalton Capital told NDTV that markets react quickly in situations where corporate governance is suspect.
Mr Dua, whose brokerage has a "hold" call on the stock, says Jaiprakash Associates is a story about deleveraging and any possible re-rating of the company depends on its ability to bring down debt.
However, some analysts say investors should make use of the dips to buy Jaiprakash Associates. Independent analyst Sanjeev Bhasin recommends a "buy" on the stock for a three month target of Rs. 57-Rs. 60. Mr Bhasin says the book value of the share is close to Rs. 57. Book value is the total value of the company's assets that shareholders would theoretically receive if a company were liquidated.
Maybank in a note today said there is some cash crunch with JP Associates. However, it added that there is deep value in company. It has a "buy" call on the stock with a target price of Rs. 93 per share.
Shares in the company closed 10.30 per cent lower at Rs 33.80 on the BSE today. The stock underperformed the broader Sensex, which closed down 0.22 per cent at 27,026.70.
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 15:45 (IST)

Buying Picks Up as Gold Drops; Festive Demand EyedYou are here: Home Industries
Buying Picks Up as Gold Drops; Festive Demand Eyed
Reuters | Updated On: September 05, 2014 15:49 (IST)
Government Says Not Considering Immediate Gold Import Duty Cut
Singapore/Mumbai: Asian gold demand picked up slightly this week as global benchmark prices hit a near three-month low, attracting bargain hunters, dealers said on Friday.
Premiums across major gold trading centres increased slightly. In top buyer China, local prices were $4-$5 an ounce higher than the global benchmark on Friday, compared with about $2 last week.
In Hong Kong, premiums were at about 80 cents to $1.20 an ounce, up from 70 cents to $1.10 last week. Singapore premiums were about $1.
Gold was trading near its lowest in nearly three months on Friday and was poised to post its third weekly drop in four, hurt by a strong dollar and an optimistic view of the US economy.
"The current price level is good for physical buying because prices moved down sharply after a long period of stability," said one physical dealer based in Hong Kong.
Markets were eyeing holidays next week to see if it would buoy demand in China, the top importer of bullion. Chinese markets will be shut on Monday for the Mid-Autumn Festival, while Hong Kong will be closed on Tuesday for the holiday.
"We might not see robust buying even during the holidays because the anti-corruption campaign in China is hurting sales," another dealer said.
Beijing's anti-corruption campaign has brought down politicians and company executives in industries including oil, cars and healthcare, while also dragging down sales of high-end products.
Meanwhile, many in the market were optimistic about Indian buying in the near future with the upcoming Indian festivals and wedding season expected to boost demand.
India, the second biggest buyer of gold after China, will soon celebrate Dhanteras and Diwali festivals, when it is considered auspicious to buy gold.
The wedding season is also expected to boost demand for bullion. The precious metal forms an essential part of a bride's dowry in India, and is considered auspicious as a gift or offering at religious festivals.
"Gold demand is improving gradually and is expected to rise further in the coming months ahead of Diwali," said Ashish Pethe at Waman Hari Pethe Jewelers, a Mumbai-based jeweller.
"Sales during the first six months were weak but now it is likely to pick up," he said.
Gold premiums in India are currently at about $4-$5 an ounce, two dealers said, but are expected to increase soon.
Premiums could jump to $10-$12 an ounce, along with a jump in imports, the head of the country's biggest gold refiner said earlier this week.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Markets are likely to be choppy for next few days(Chances are that we will…)
In a chat with ET Now, Ashwani Gujral, Fund Manager, Ashwanigujral.com, talks about the market.
ET Now: What is it that you are doing on the index right now? You were talking about volatility about an hour and a half into trade today. What is the sense on the index at the moment?
Ashwani Gujral: I do not think there is any great directional movement on the index. So, exiting yesterday was a good idea. Basically we are seeing rapid movements within a 20-30 point range. I do not think these movements are really tradable.
So, over the next few days, the market is likely to chop around. It will not fall sharply because we are in a bull market. But it will not go up also.
Chances are that we will hang around within this 8000-8200 type of band. Within that you will have intra-day rallies and declines. So, there is nothing much to do overall.
ET Now: What is it that you are expecting the market to do?
Ashwani Gujral: For the moment, nothing. It could move sideways, the ranges could shift between 8050-8100 and 8100-8150. So, no great momentum in the index heavyweights.
There is plenty of action outside the index. Everyday you have to find your game and keep on going with it. From what I have seen, the weak stocks keep getting weaker and the strong stocks keep getting stronger.
So the game is not about trying to buy weak stocks. It is about buying the stronger stocks. So, buy stocks like Kotak Mahindra, NBCC, etc. Do not try to do bottom fishing in everything that is getting beaten up 15-20% a day. Because chances are that they will keep on getting beaten up. So, stick around with Lupin, Sun Pharma, Asian Paints and so on.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Natco Pharma s US Partner Files ANDA for EverolimusJack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
Hyderabad:
Drug maker Natco Pharma Ltd today said its marketing partner in the US Breckenridge Pharmaceutical Inc (BPI) has filed an Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA) for Everolimus 0.25mg, 0.5mg, and 0.75mg Tablets.
"Natco and BPI believe that its Paragraph IV ANDA was filed on the First-to-File date and expects to be the only generic that is entitled to the 180-day exclusivity period," city-based Natco said in a filing with bourses.
Novartis AG sells Everolimus 0.25mg, 0.5mg, and 0.75mg Tablets under Brand name Zortress in the USA market.
The drug which is used to prevent organ rejection after a kidney or liver transplant, generated sales of $43.5 million for the twelve-month period ending July 2014, based on industry sales data, Natco said.
Shares of Natco today closed higher by 5 per cent at Rs 1,438.60 on the BSE.
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 17:17 (IST)

JSW Steel Production Up 13% in AugustYou are here: Home Corporates
JSW Steel Production Up 13 Per Cent in August
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 05, 2014 21:01 (IST)
Jack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
New Delhi: JSW Steel on Friday reported a 13 per cent rise in production at 11.16 lakh tonnes last month.
The Sajjan Jindal-led firm had produced 9.85 lakh tonnes crude steel in August 2013, it said in a statement.
The production of flat products, used in the automotive and consumer durable industries, grew 7 per cent to 8.8 lakh tonnes from 8.24 lakh tonnes a year ago.
Long products, which find application in the construction sector, increased 53 per cent to 1.96 lakh tonnes from 1.28 lakh tonnes in the year-ago period.
The company had reported a 12 per cent rise in crude steel production at 11.13 lakh tonnes last month.
In the first three months of current fiscal year, JSW Steel has produced 31 lakh tonnes of steel, registering an 8 per cent growth over the April-June period of last fiscal year.
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 19:23 (IST)

Priyanka Chopra s Mary Kom box office collections get solid booster shotApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

India  Australia ink nuclear pactNew Delhi, September 5, 2014
Updated: September 6, 2014 05:35 IST
India, Australia seal civil nuclear deal
Suhasini Haidar
The Hindu Prime Minister Narendra Modi shakes hands with his Australian counterpart Tony Abbott before their meeting at Hyderabad House in New Delhi on Friday. Photo: R.V. Moorthy
PTI Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott offers floral tribute to Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat on Friday.
TOPICS
nuclear policy
India and Australia, which has about a third of the world’s recoverable uranium resources and exports nearly 7,000 tonnes of it a year, launched uranium sales talks in 2012.
In a major step towards realising its nuclear energy ambitions, India signed a civil nuclear cooperation agreement with Australia here on Friday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Australian counterpart, Tony Abbott, were present during the signing of the agreement. The two nations have held five rounds of negotiations on the deal since 2012, when Australia reversed its policy on nuclear sales to India. The policy was based on India’s refusal to sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
Mr. Abbott told The Hindu that the exception was made in view of India’s “model behaviour” on its nuclear capabilities. “From the time of Independence, India has scrupulously followed international laws regardless of the ups and downs of the political situation in New Delhi. There is a very high level of trust between us, and that is why we are signing this agreement,” he said.
Australia will now be a “long-term reliable supplier of uranium to India,” said an External Affairs Ministry press release, and will provide for the “supply of uranium, production of radio isotopes, nuclear safety and other areas of cooperation.”
Mr. Abbott said he was keen that more Indian investment should follow the nuclear deal signed on Friday, which clears uranium sales to India. In an exclusive interview to The Hindu, Mr Abbott said he would “welcome” Indian companies in the energy and infrastructure sectors. In particular, he mentioned the Gujarat-based Adani Group and the Andhra-based GVK Group for their large investments in the recent past, defending them against allegations by environmental organisations like Greenpeace.
“Environmental groups are very hard to please and we have very high environmental standards in Australia. I am confident that there can be no reasonable objection to the current proposal. Adani Group is speaking of $16 billion for this mine, and India’s investments of under $20 billion will almost double the total amount,” said Mr. Abbott.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will visit Australia in November this year to attend the G-20 summit, when he is expected to face international pressure over India’s decision not to sign the WTO trade facilitation agreement.
Mr. Abbott said he was keen to negotiate a Free Trade Agreement (FTA) as soon as possible.
Mr. Abbott also said India must take the recent video by al-Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri, announcing a branch of the terror group in the Indian subcontinent, seriously. In bilateral talks, Mr. Abbott and Mr. Modi discussed counter-terror cooperation.
Mr. Abbott said: “I think the difficulty is that this movement, this ‘death cult’ has proven horribly attractive to too many people. There are some 60 Australians who are or have been fighting with terrorist groups in Syria and Iraq, some with Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, and that’s appalling beyond belief.”

Delhi tops highest spenders list; 39% money goes into food  says economic surveyDelhi tops highest spenders’ list; 39% money goes into food, says economic survey
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 06, 2014
First Published: 00:45 IST(6/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:11 IST(6/9/2014)
The capital is spending the most in the country. A report on household consumer expenditure released by the Delhi government on Friday said the capital’s monthly per capita expenditure of Rs. 3,842 in 2011-12 was the highest in India.
In 2010, Delhi’s per capita expenditure (urban) stood at Rs. 2,905.
The report was prepared by the directorate of economics and statistics for the period July 2011-June 2012.
The monthly per capita expenditure in urban areas at the national level was Rs. 2,630, the report said.
In urban areas of Haryana, the monthly per capita expenditure was Rs. 3,817, while in Gujarat it was `2,581. In Kerala, it was Rs. 3,408, Punjab spent Rs. 2,794 while Uttar Pradesh had a monthly per capita expenditure of Rs. 2,051.
Madhya Pradesh and the urban areas of Bihar had monthly per capita expenditures of Rs. 2,058 and Rs. 1,507, respectively.
Delhiites spent the most — 39% — on food items. The remaining 61% was on non-food items.
Eleven was spent on milk and milk products, 6% on cereal and pulses, 2% on edible oils, 5% on vegetables, 3% on fruits and dry fruits among others.
The report said 94.03% of the total households used LPG as their source of cooking, 1.19 were dependent on kerosene and .84 on fire wood.
When it came to non-food items, 6% was spent on fuel, 6% on clothing and bedding, 8% on education, 3% on medical treatment and 6% on rent and 1% on paan, tobacco and intoxicants.
Inflation could be the main reason behind an increase in food expenditure; Delhiites are also spending much more on medical treatment and education of their children.
In Delhi, wheat consumption was 4 times higher than rice. The per capita monthly consumption of wheat in urban areas of Delhi was 6.79 kg and that of rice was 1.48 kg as compared to 4.32 kg of wheat and 4.66 kg of rice consumed in the urban areas at the national level.
 

Govt downsizes officials  team heading to Japan  South KoreaApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

S&P 500 ends at record as jobs report easesYou are here: Home > Collections
S&P 500 ends at record as jobs report eases Fed worries
Reuters Sep 6, 2014, 04.00AM IST
(US stocks ended higher,…)
NEW YORK: US stocks ended higher on Friday, lifting the S&P 500 to a fresh closing high, after a weaker-than-expected jobs report was taken as a sign that the Federal Reserve will not begin raising interest rates anytime soon.
Stocks had traded lower after the government reported fewer US jobs were created in August than expected.
By early afternoon, however, major indexes turned positive, led by utilities. Fed officials have made it clear that they see the labor market as still struggling, which partially justifies keeping rates at rock-bottom levels.
"The nonfarm payroll numbers fell well short of expectations, but the market reaction suggests a stronger-than-consensus number might have been met with a downward bias in equities," said Jim Russell, senior equity strategist at US Bank Wealth Management in Cincinnati.
"What we saw today called off the dogs to some degree and took the heat down a notch or two from investors' concern about rate hikes."
Utilities gained 1.2 per cent as investors turned to the group for their income appeal with bond yields falling in response to the payrolls data. Utility shares often benefit as bond yields fall because the companies pay relatively rich dividends.
Power generator NRG Energy Inc rose 1.9 per cent to $30.89, and XCEL Energy Inc advanced 1.9 per cent to $32.48.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 67.78 points, or 0.4 per cent, to 17,137.36. The S&P 500 was up 10.06 points, or 0.5 per cent, to 2,007.71. The Nasdaq Composite added 20.61 points, or 0.45 per cent, to 4,582.90.
For the week, the Dow and the S&P each gained 0.2 per cent and the Nasdaq rose 0.06 per cent.
  Family Dollar Stores Inc shares lost 1.2 per cent to $79.11 after the discount retailer rejected Dollar General Corp's sweetened takeover bid. Shares of Dollar General fell 2.3 per cent to $63.01.
Apple shares edged up 0.9 per cent to $98.97 after the company said it planned to add new security features to its iCloud service.
Retailers lost ground. Michael Kors shares lost 4.5 per cent to $76.39 after the company announced a secondary offering of 11.6 million shares. Gap Inc shares fell 4.2 per cent to $44.65 after worse-than-expected same-store-sales in August.
About 5.2 billion shares traded on all US platforms, according to BATS exchange data, compared with the five-day average of 5.1 billion.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi effect: D-Street adds 10% or $400 billion to global m-cap so far in 2014Dalal Street
(The victory of Narendra…)
MUMBAI: India has become a dominant force when it comes to building global equity wealth . This year as the global market cap hit $66 trillion, it did so with the help of the tailwind generated by a strong domestic market performance.
Global equity market cap has risen 6.06% to $66 trillion so far in 2014 and India's market cap has grown the fastest to $1.5 trillion from $1.1 trillion. The Asian country's contribution was 10%, or $400 billion, to global market cap with the Sensex emerging the world's best-performing index.
India also attracted the highest FII flows among the emerging markets with over $13 billion received so far this year.
"The undercurrent of markets is very bullish," said Nirmal Jain, chairman & managing director at IIFL. "We expect markets to hit new highs going forward, and our March 2015 target is 9,000 for the Nifty . We expect markets to sustain the current levels, as we see recovery in the economy and corporate earnings, though there might be minor corrections here and there."
Stocks have gained nearly 50% since the low of 17,903 for the Sensex in August last year. The victory of Narendra Modi-led BJP in the May 2014 election has provided a major boost to investors tired of tepid economic growth and a weak government.
'Markets Should Double in Five Years'
The Sensex has climbed 16.5% since Modi's victory on May 16 and it is currently trading at 16.5 times one year forward earnings, the highest among emerging markets. This has caused some unease among investors who believe stocks are fairly valued and the scope for upside is limited "I expect that markets should double in the next five years and I would be surprised if this doesn't happen. I expect money flows to come in from domestic investors, global investors, and from real estate over this period," said Ramdeo Agrawal, co-founder and joint managing director at Motilal Oswal Financial Services.
India's GDP grew at 5.7% in the first quarter of the current fiscal year, exceeding market expectations. The macro-economic data is looking positive, economic activity is expected to gather steam by 2015 and GDP growth rate might hit the 7% mark in the next two years, some analysts say.
"We continue to reinforce our message that earnings are set to double over the next four years, and the market returns could mirror earnings growth," said Jyotivardhan Jaipuria, head of research at DSP Merrill Lynch.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian Muslim leaders condemn al-Qaeda video  say will never buy terrorist propagandaUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Days after al-Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri released a video announcing a terror wing in India, Islamic seminary Darul Uloom Deoband has condemned the move saying that Islam is non-violent and Muslims will never buy terrorist propaganda.
"Indian Muslims would never be convinced by un-Islamic and false arguments of the al-Qaeda," Darul Uloom Deoband said. Several Muslim groups, too, have condemned the al-Qaeda's move.
In the 55-minute video posted online, Zawahiri has said that the outfit in the Indian subcontinent will focus on uniting Muslims living in Assam, Gujarat and Kashmir. He described the formation of "al-Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent" as a glad tiding for Muslims adding that it would rescue Muslims in the areas from injustice and oppression.
In the video, Zawahiri has said that the outfit in the Indian subcontinent will focus on uniting Muslims living in Assam, Gujarat and Kashmir.
Zawahri also renewed a longstanding vow of loyalty to Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Omar, in an apparent snub to the Islamic State armed group challenging al-Qaeda for leadership of transnational Islamist militancy.
The Intelligence Bureau has issued an alert in all states after the video.

Serena Williams to face Caroline Wozniacki in US Open finalSerena Williams to face Caroline Wozniacki in US Open final
Reuters
New York, September 06, 2014
First Published: 09:21 IST(6/9/2014)
print
Serena Williams and friend Caroline Wozniacki arranged a get-together in the US Open women's final, winning their Friday semi-finals in contrasting fashion on a stifling hot, humid day at Flushing Meadows.
Top-seeded world number one Williams overpowered Russian left-hander Ekaterina Makarova 6-1 6-3, unleashing her daunting firepower against the 17th-seeded Russian.
Wozniacki advanced when China's Peng Shuai broke down in scary distress due to heat illness and retired in the second set, while trailing 7-6(1) 4-3.
The results delivered on a pre-tournament wish made by the buddies, who each entered the event longing for a victory to ease personal frustrations.
"She's a good friend of mine," said former world number one Wozniacki, whose gaping hole in her resume remains the lack of a grand slam title.
"We were saying when the tournament started, 'We're in separate sides of the drawing, so hopefully we can meet in the finals. It would be great if that were to happen.'"
Williams said she had the same thought when the draw was made.
"She obviously wants to win and go for her first grand slam, and I want to win and try to make a little history," said Williams, who wants to end a disappointing grand slam season on a happy note by claiming her 18th slam singles to tie Chris Evert and Martina Navratilova for fourth on the all-time list.
SCARY MOMENTS
The opening semi-final produced some scary moments as China's Peng fell victim to the severe conditions during an energy-draining, groundstroke battle with Wozniacki.
The match was still very much in doubt with Wozniacki serving at 4-3 and facing break point when the unseeded Peng suddenly grabbed her thighs and stumbled to the back wall of the centre court with what appeared to be severe cramping.
In obvious distress, the 28-year-old doubles specialist was eventually helped off the court to be evaluated by doctors.
A valiant Peng, playing her first career grand slam singles semi-final, refused to quit and returned in 11 minutes after a medical examination.
Six points later, Peng curled up in agony on the baseline, and officials called the match and Peng was lifted into a wheelchair and taken from the court to a standing ovation after the abbreviated two hour four minute battle.
"The doctor, she said to me, 'You are not able really go out to fight, compete, because look is not really well,'" Peng said about the medical evaluation when she met reporters after two hours of treatment.
"I said, 'No, no, no, I don't want to give up. I want to try one more time,'" added Peng. "And then I come back.'"
In the mixed doubles final, top seeds Sania Mirza of India and Brazilian Bruno Soares won the title 6-1 2-6 11-9, sealing the match tiebreak on their sixth championship point against American Abigail Spears and Santiago Gonzalez of Mexico.
SPEEDY ADVANCE
Williams, the two-times defending champion, came on the center court next and seemed determined to spend as little time as possible in the heat and succeeded, trouncing Makarova in 60 minutes.
The American blasted 24 winners, including five aces. Makarova hit six.
"I'm just really excited to be in the final. In the beginning of the week I definitely wasn't sure I would make it this long. So I'm just elated," said Williams, who failed to reach the quarters in any of the year's previous three slams.
Makarova, playing in her first slam singles semi-final, praised the victor. "Serena, she's a great, unbelievable player. Today she was so aggressive."
Friendship will be set aside in Sunday's final between the players who earlier this year spent a beach holiday together in Miami with some serious chips on the line.
"I'm in the finals, which is obviously great," said Wozniacki, who lost the 2009 final to Kim Clijsters. "It's been five years for me since my last one here, so I'm extremely happy to be back.
"I would love to win it and have a grand slam under my belt. It would definitely have the media stop talking about my lack of a grand slam, so that would be nice.
"The friendship, while we are on court, is put aside. We are both competitors," added the Dane. After the match, one of us is going to congratulate the other and we're going to be friends again."
Williams was in agreement.

Two schoolgirls hung from same rope in AssamTwo schoolgirls hung from same rope in Assam
IANS  Silchar, September 05, 2014
First Published: 22:30 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 13:48 IST(6/9/2014)
Comments
Two schoolgirls were hung from the two ends of the same rope from a tree in Assam's Karimganj district, a killing reminiscent of the Badaun gang-rape and murder in Uttar Pradesh.
Both the girls, one a Class 10 and the other a Class nine student, of a school in Nilambazar area had been missing since Wednesday evening, police said Friday.
The family members frantically looked for them, but failed to locate them.
The next morning, a relative of one of the girls spotted the bodies hanging from a tree.
The tree is located barely two km from the India-Bangladesh border.
Locals suspect that the girls were first raped and then killed to cover up the crime.
Police said that the girls were hanged with two ends of one rope.
Video: Two school girls brutally murdered in Assam
In Uttar Pradesh's Badaun district, two teenaged cousins were gang-raped and hanged from a tree in Katra Sadatganj village, a crime that grabbed global headlines.
Karimganj Additional Superintendent of Police (HQ) Nabin Singh said that the bodies of the two girls have been sent for post mortem examination.
"A police team had gone to the area yesterday (Thursday) after being informed by the locals. We have recovered the bodies and sent those for postmortem and forensic test," he said.
"We are waiting for the postmortem report... which can only confirm the exact cause of death and if there are any rape angle," said Singh.

Flood situation remains grim as rains continue to lash J&K; at least 5000 rescuedLocals with their belognings move towards the safer places in athawajan- on the outkisrts of Srinagar on Friday. (Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Written by Adil Akhzer | Srinagar | Posted: September 6, 2014 12:17 pm | Updated: September 6, 2014 12:37 pm
With rains continuing for the fifth consecutive day, the situation continues to remain grim across the state. The Jammu and Kashmir Police, the Army and the civil administration is on the job to rescue people trapped in various parts of the state.
South Kashmir, which is badly hit by the flash floods, got disconnected with rest of Kashmir after a number of bridges and major raods connecting to Srinagar were washed away by the flood waters.
Army perosnnel provided boats to the people submerged on the Srinagar-Jammu national highway on Friday. (Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
According to a spokesperson, the  Army has launched massive rescue operation across the state. “ As many as 5000 people trapped in flood waters have been rescued in Kashmir valley,” he said. “We have pressed 73 columns including the 17 Engineering columns to rescue the people trapped in various districts.”
Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir Omar Abdullah inspecting flood situation at Magam near Srinagar on Friday. (PTI Photo)
In Srinagar, after the rainfall stopped for few hours on Friday night, the water level has started decreasing. “The Jehlum level at Ram Munshi Bagh in Srinagar is flowing at 21.70 feet, more than a foot lower than the previous recording,” an official at the Flood Control Room said. “The level of water gauge in South Kashmir’s Sangam is under the water and the level at Asham in North Kashmir is flowing at 15.91 Feet.”
After the bridges got washed away by the flood water, the roads leading to the famous tourist destination Gulmarg in North Kashmir was closed for the vehicular movement. Baramulla-Uri road has also been closed after the flash flood washed away the roads at many places.
Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir Omar Abdullah inspecting rescue operations at Newa Khanda in the aftermath of a flood caused due to incessant rains on Friday. (PTI Photo)
Officials said that Jhelum River has breached at few places on the outskirts of the city and administration is on the job to rescue the people. “There are reports that on the Srinagar-Jammu National highway, continued…

Watch Video: Take a stand  slap the eve teasersPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 11:42 am | Updated: September 6, 2014 11:58 am
Eve-teasing is one of the biggest problem of our society. And what is more tragic is that girls and women often do not speak up like this girl in the video did.
Although the girl slapped the wrong person, but to have the courage to slap the eve-teasers is what this video teaches all.
The girl realised her mistake after slapping the wrong guy and felt embarrassed as well. But had some comfort after what the guy told her in response. Here’s what happened:

Adivare  Konkanewadi ready to part with land for landslide survivorsPrint
Written by Nisha Nambiar | Pune | Posted: September 6, 2014 11:09 am | Updated: September 6, 2014 11:16 am
Adivare village has shown willingness to part with 3 acres of land for rehabilitating the Malin tragedy affected villagers and the administration is hopeful of attaining three acres more to complete the process in a week’s time. The administration needs 6 acres to rehabilitate the Malin villagers as agreed upon after consultation.
Pune district collector Saurabh Rao, who is the nodal authority on the rehabilitation process, said that his officers have been updating him regarding the progress of the process and owners of land in Adivare village have shown willingness to part with 3 acres. Officials are in talks for another three acres which too should come about, Rao added. “The progress of rehabilitation is picking up and my officials are in the process of acquiring the required 6 acres from this village itself,’’ said Rao. He added that the rehabilitation process was initiated only after a round of talks with the villagers.
Though the administration is set on Adivare, they have devised a back-up plan too. In case they have issues at Adivare, they have a village at the Malin gaothan —Konkanewadi — where villagers have expressed willingness to hand out 15 acres. So, the administration is sure that there would not be any issue in the rehabilitation process.
With Rs 7 crore being allotted from the state government, the administration will buy land for rehabilitation at the rate decided. “The priority is to buy the land from the owners immediately and then the land will first be transferred to the state government and then it will be individually allotted to the villagers as was promised by the government,’’ assured the collector.
The focus being on permanent rehabilitation and even basic infrastructure, the entire process is estimated to take one year. “The land will also have to be approved by the Geological Survey of India. They have given a preliminary clearance and we would take a final approval from them,” he added.
With the state environmental appraisal committee asking for clearance of rehabilitation sites, the collector has assured that they would do the needful and get all clearances at the earliest to start the rehabilitation process. On September 2, the committee had decided that all rehabilitation sites must have environmental clearance before being approved.
The rehabilitation will see construction of 72 houses at the new site. While the town planners are working on it, there are also some private parties who have come forward and said that there could be different approaches to construct these homes.
Deliberations are on with the NGO Shaswat, that is working in the region, on whether there should be an owner drive construction approach, participatory construction approach or a  cashless construction management approach. “All options are being considered and the best proposal will be taken up,’’ said a district official.

Maharashtra: Shiv Sena leader held for rape after class 9 student delivers a premature babyPrint
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 6, 2014 11:06 am | Updated: September 7, 2014 1:35 am
The Kashimira police in Thane rural district on Thursday arrested Shiv Sena district deputy chief Vasudeo Nambiyar (61) for raping a minor.
“The 15-year-old victim is a student of Class10 of Gyaan Parbodhini Vidyamandir, of which Nambiyar is a trustee. On September 2, the victim complained of stomach pain, and her mother took her to a doctor. After examining her, the local doctor recommended that the girl needed to be taken to a nursing home. She was taken to Ganesh nursing home,” said Jagdish Walvi, sub-inspector, Kashimira police station.
“At the nursing home, the victim delivered a baby. The girl then informed her parents that she was being repeatedly raped by a trustee of the school at his bunglow for the past one year. The hospital authorities informed us, and then we approached the victim’s family. We were taken a back as the minor was eight months  pregnant and her family members were not aware of it,” added Walvi.
“However, I took the statement of the victim and she said that Nambiyar took her to his bungalow located opposite her  school and raped her on several occasions. He had threatened her of dire consequences if she informed anyone about the incidents,  Walvi said.
The officer added that strangely, neither her parents nor her teachers found out about her pregnancy for eight months. “On September 2, she delivered a premature child, and on September 4, we arrested Nambiyar. He was later produced him in a court. The victim was sent for medical tests while the accused and the child were sent for DNA testing as Nambiyar refuted the allegation. We are now waiting for the medical reports,” Walvi said.
The accused has been charged under Sections 376 (rape) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the Indian Penal Code and Section 4 of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act.
“The  Shiv Sena district deputy chief was produced before a local magistrate on September 5, who remanded him in police custody till September 11,” the sub-inspector said.
 
Mulund-based doctor arrested for ‘raping’ minor patient
The Mulund police on Saturday arrested a doctor for allegedly raping a minor. The police said Dr Jayesh Khataria (49) worked at a nursing home in Mulund.
“The victim met Khataria on September 1 at his nursing home, Aakansha, located in Mehul talkies in Mulund (West). She was suffering from stomach pain. While examining the victim, the accused took her pictures.
Later, when the victim approached the nursing home for the report, she was asked to make a call to Khataria. On September 5, Khataria asked the victim to meet him near Swapn Nagari in Mulund,” said S S Kadam, senior police inspector of Kapurbawadi police station.
“He asked her to get into his car. Later, the accused showed her the semi-nude pictures he had clicked of her while examining her on September 1. He threatened her that he would upload them on various social networking sites.
Khataria then took the girl to Sanjay Gandhi National Park in Borivali and raped her. He then left her at Majiwada junction continued…

INSO  PUSU shine in city collegesPrint
Written by Srishti Choudhary | Chandigarh | Posted: September 6, 2014 10:43 am
As the National Students’ Union of India (NSUI) strengthened its grip by bagging three of the four posts of Panjab University’s students’ council against two last year, it was the Indian National Students’ Organisation (INSO), and Panjab University Students’ Union (PUSU) which collectively bagged the maximum number of posts in colleges across city.
INSO, which is the youth wing of the Indian National Lok Dal, in alliance with other students’ organisations, won all four seats of the college councils in four city colleges.
In two of these colleges, INSO had made an alliance with PUSU while in the other two, it was with the Students’ Organisation of India (SOI) which is the youth wing of the Shiromani Akali Dal.
At GGDSD College, Sector 32, the alliance of PUSU-INSO-SOI won all four posts, defeating the NSUI-led alliance with SD College Union and the Students’ Organisation of Panjab University(SOPU). The most gripping fight was witnessed for the post of secretary where the NSUI-SOPU candidate lost by just three votes.
Post-Graduate Government College, Sector 11; Sri Guru Gobind Singh College (SGGS), Sector 26; and Government College for Commerce and Business Administration, Sector 42, were the other three colleges where the INSO-led alliance emerged victorious.
Interestingly, SOPU and PUSU, which had joined hands in PGGC-11 despite years of political rivalry on the PU campus, faced defeat at the hands of a stronger alliance led by SOI-INSO which won all four seats in this college.
Sri Guru Gobind Singh College, Sector 26, emerged as the only co-educational college in the city to have elected a woman president, namely Ramandeep Kaur, of the Khalsa College Student Union-INSO alliance.
The alliance won all four posts of the college council, unlike last year when it had failed to bag the post of president.
It was only in DAV College, Sector 10, where the NSUI led-alliance emerged victorious on all the four posts. However, NSUI’s former ally, PUSU, faced defeat.
In fact in girls’ colleges, most of the winners were independents. GGS for Women, Sector 26, witnessed unanimous selection of all the four members of the college council. However, voting took place at PGGCG, Sector 11; PGGCG-42; and Dev Samaj College for Women, Sector 45.
The posts of president and vice-president at MCM DAV College, Sector 36, remained vacant as the candidates were disqualified. Similarly, there were no candidates for the post of joint secretary at PGGCG-11.
However, as the elections concluded peacefully in all the colleges, the authorities took a sigh of relief. Stringent security arrangements had been made, particularly at DAV College, Sector 10, keeping in view a few clashes between students in the run-up to the elections.

Draghi signals $1 trillion prep shot to lift...You are here: Home > Collections
ECB chief Mario Draghi signals $1 trillion fresh aid to lift European economy
Bloomberg Sep 6, 2014, 11.40AM IST
Tags:
ECB
( Mario Draghi signalled at…)
LONDON: Mario Draghi signalled at least 700 billion euros ($906 billion) of fresh aid for his moribund economy and left a fight with Germany over sovereign-bond purchases for another day.
Pledging to "significantly steer" the European Central Bank's (ECB) balance sheet back towards the $2.7 trillion of early 2012 from $2 trillion now, the ECB president on Thursday announced a final round of interest-rate cuts and a plan to buy privately-owned securities.
His mission: to revive inflation in the 18-nation euro area. Fully-fledged quantitative easing as deployed in the US and Japan wasn't enacted amid a split on the 24-member Governing Council, with Bundesbank President Jens Weidmann opposing the new stimulus and others seeking more.
The latest round of steps pushed the euro below $1.30 for the first time since July 2013 and sent European bond yields negative. The steps "probably reflect that President Draghi does not have unanimity, or a large enough majority for quantitative easing," said Andrew Bosomworth, a Munich-based portfolio manager at Pacific Investment Management Co and a former ECB economist.
Investment Decline With euro-area inflation languishing at 0.3% last month, a fraction of the ECB's 2% goal, and Draghi saying price expectations are worsening, policy makers unexpectedly cut interest rates. The benchmark and deposit rates were reduced by 10 basis points to 0.05% and minus 0.2%, respectively.
Euro-area investment shrank 0.3% last quarter, the first decline since the start of 2013, a report from the European Union's statistics office showed on Friday. That led to a stagnation in gross domestic product even as household consumption and government spending rose.
Bond prices rose and the euro dropped after the ECB's measures. The single currency fell as low as $1.292 on Thursday and is headed for a record eighth straight weekly decline.
Governing Council member Ewald Nowotny said late on Thursday that "the rate cut was mainly meant to lead to a reversal of the euro appreciation," which will provide relief for exporters. "The key issue was the influence on the exchange rate, and that happened very quickly and is going to last," he said in an interview with Austrian state broadcaster ORF.
Lower bound
The ECB's fresh monetary easing may help encourage companies and households to spend rather than save. It could also attract greater participation in a targeted lending program for banks that was unveiled in June and starts this month.
Banks can borrow from the ECB for as much as four years at a small premium to the benchmark rate.
The rate cuts mark the bottom line for conventional monetary policy. Declaring that the ECB can now reduce them no more, Draghi committed to buying so-called assetbacked securities and covered bonds in the hope that will funnel cash into the economy.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Former L-T Gen Rath gets clean chit in Sukna...Lieutenant General P K Rath gets clean chit in Sukna land scam case
By TNN | 6 Sep, 2014, 11.51AM IST
Armed Forces Tribunal quashed court martial of former commander Lieutenant General P K Rath, one of four generals indicted in Sukna land scam case.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: The Armed Forces Tribunal (AFT) on Friday quashed the court martial of former 33 Corps commander Lieutenant General P K Rath , one of the four generals indicted in the infamous Sukna land scam case that rocked the Army five years ago.
Imposing Rs 1 lakh fine on the Army for causing "loss of honour" to Rath, a two-member AFT bench headed by Justice Sunil Hali said, "The petitioner has suffered undue harassment and loss of reputation by the act of the respondents, which if not compensated would be a travesty of justice. The petitioner is acquitted of all charges. He is entitled to restoration of all benefits with 12% interest."
The Army, on its part, said it would decide on whether or not to appeal against the AFT decision in Supreme Court after reading the judgment.
The Sukna scam had erupted in November 2009 when Rath was all set to take over as the new Army deputy chief (information systems and training) after commanding the 33 Corps based in Darjeeling district of West Bengal, under which the Sukna military station falls.
The then military secretary, Lt Gen Avadhesh Prakash (who was a close aide to former Army chief Gen Deepak Kapoor) and Rath were charged with conspiring to aid the transfer of the 71-acre Chumta tea estate adjacent to Sukna military station to a real estate developer on the pretext of opening an educational institute in complete disregard of all security and other norms.
In his petition to the AFT, Rath had alleged former Army chief Gen V K Singh — now a minister of state in the Modi government — had given "undue importance" to the case since he had a "serious grudge" against Prakash. Gen Singh felt Prakash had been unfair to him in his date of birth controversy.
Rath was punished in 2011 with two years' loss of seniority, 15 years' loss of service for pension and a severe reprimand, while the court-martial against Prakash had recommended his dismissal from service. The other two generals and four other officers named in the case faced only administrative action for failing to do proper "staff work" in the chain of command.
The case had led to an unseemly rift in the top Army brass. Gen Singh, who was the Eastern Army commander when the Sukna case came to the fore, had locked horns with Gen Kapoor, who was perceived to be dragging his feet in the case.

Security breach at Delhi airport  drunk passenger crosses emergency doors  runs on the runwayUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: In a bizarre incident of security breach at the Indira Gandhi International Airport in Delhi, a drunk passenger started running on the runway on Saturday morning.
The passenger - a British national - was drinking alcohol while waiting for his connecting flight at the T3 lounge. He pressed a fire alarm inside the terminal which led to the emergency exit doors to open.
The passenger escaped from one of the doors and started running on the runway. He even tried to get on to another flight which was open for boarding, where he was eventually caught hold by a security personnel.
Reports also suggest that the passenger broke the emergency glass while running towards the runway and was also injured due to the same. He is also believed to have taken off his shirt while running.
However, the CISF has denied that the passenger managed to reach the line of boarding of the aircraft and was caught much before the boarding area.
No case or complaint has been registered against the passenger. Although the embassy officials have been informed. He will be allowed to go once the alcohol effect is waived off.

Indian Mujahideen suspect arrested from SaharanpurUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Saharanpur: An Indian Mujahideen operative, who was allegedly involved in several terror attacks including the 2010 Jama Masjid blasts was on Friday arrested from western Uttar Pradesh's Saharanpur.
Ejaz Sheikh, from Pune, was arrested by Delhi Police Special Cell in a joint operation with security agencies.
"IM operative Ejaz Sheikh has been arrested. He was nabbed from Saharanpur last night. He was involved in several terror cases including the Jama Masjid attack," Special Commissioner (Special Cell) S N Shrivastava told PTI.
Sheikh is a resident of Pune. He is considered a "technical expert" and a key member of Indian Mujahideen. He had been absconding since long and was apprehended by team of Special Cell last night following a specific tip off.
In March this year, Tehseen Akhtar alias Monu, the India operations chief of Indian Mujahideen (IM) was arrested from Indo-Nepal border by the Special Cell. His arrest had come days after the same unit of Delhi Police had nabbed another top IM operative Zia Ur Rehman alias Waqas from Ajmer in Rajasthan along with three of his associates.
One of the most wanted terrorist of the country, Ahmad Siddhibappa Zarar alias Yasin Bhatkal and his key associate Asadullah Akhtar alias Haddi were arrested from Indo-Nepal border last year.
(With inputs from PTI)

Facebook ready to spend billions to bring the whole world online: Mark ZuckerbergUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Mexico City: Facebook Inc is prepared to spend billions of dollars to reach its goal of bringing the Internet to everyone on the planet, Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg said.
"What we really care about is connecting everyone in the world," Zuckerberg said at an event in Mexico City hosted by Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim.
"Even if it means that Facebook has to spend billions of dollars over the next decade making this happen, I believe that over the long term its gonna be a good thing for us and for the world."
Facebook launched its Internet.org project last year to connect billions of people without Internet access in places such as Africa and Asia by working with phone operators.
Around 3 billion people will have access to the Internet by the end of 2014, according to International Telecommunications Union (ITU) statistics. Almost half that, 1.3 billion people, use Facebook.
Facebook, the world's largest social networking company, launched its Internet.org project last year to connect billions of people without Internet access in places such as Africa and Asia by working with phone operators.
"I believe that ... when everyone is on the Internet all of our businesses and economies will be better," Zuckerberg said.

Modis Teachers Day speech to be streamed live on DD webModi’s Teachers’ Day speech to be streamed live on DD web
PTI
Prime Minister Narendra Modi
New Delhi, Sep 3:  
With an aim to ensure wider reach of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s interaction with school students on the Teachers’ Day, live streaming will also be made available through web channels of Doordarshan, PMO and the HRD Ministry.
The interaction will start from 3 pm and will continue till 4.45 pm.
Modi will address about 1000 students from the Manekshaw Auditorium here which will be broadcast live by all Doordarshan channels and on radio.
The prime minister would also take questions from some students spread across the country through a video-conference facility.
Live streaming on the web would also be made available to ensure maximum ‘audience’.
The web streaming will be available on www.youtube.com/user/DDNewsofficial , www.youtube.com/user/HRDMinistry , www.pmindiawebcast.nic.in and youtube.com/user/DoordarshanNational , said a government statement today.
HRD Minister Smriti Irani had earlier said the attendance of students to listen to and watch the PM’s speech was a “voluntary” exercise, amid a row that listening to his speech was being made mandatory for the children.
Meanwhile, ministry officials held a series of meetings in the run up to the event today and made rounds of Manekshaw Auditorium to oversee arrangements for the programme.
CBSE has requested schools to make arrangements to “assemble” the children so that they may view the prime minister’s address.
It said that suitable arrangements will need to be made to enable children to stay from 2:30 pm to 5:00 pm in the school on September 5.
The Ministry has also asked schools in the states to prepare a student attendance report after the PM’s interaction with the students is over.
(This article was published on September 3, 2014)

Ronaldo s loyalty to Real unquestionableThe Portuguese forward was reportedly unhappy with Angel Di Maria's departure from the club. (Source: AP)
Madrid | Posted: September 5, 2014 11:23 pm
Real Madrid president Florentino Perez sought to play down an apparent spat with Cristiano Ronaldo on Friday as he announced the La Liga club’s income had surged above 600 million euros ($778 million) in 2013-14.
Perez, who has splashed hundreds of millions of euros of the European champions’ cash on top players in recent years, said the loyalty of Ronaldo, the current World Player of the Year, had been “unquestionable”.
The Portugal captain made headlines on Monday when he said the club’s transfer dealings in the latest window would probably have been different if he had been in charge.
After winning a record-extending 10th European crown last season, when dressing-room heavyweight Ronaldo was the team’s top scorer, Real sold midfielders Xabi Alonso and Angel Di Maria and brought in Toni Kroos and James Rodriguez.
The departure of Alonso to Bayern Munich, in particular, has prompted suggestions the Madrid club will not have enough quality and experience in midfield without him, while Argentine Di Maria is seen as close to Ronaldo.
“I have no doubt that he (Ronaldo) did not want to question the club’s policies,” Perez told a news conference announcing 2013-14 income of a record 603.9 million euros, a 10.9 percent jump compared with the previous season.
“He has just presented me with a replica of his ‘Ballon d’Or’ award, an exemplary player,” the construction magnate added. “There are no disagreements, zero.”
Real stuttered in their second La Liga outing at the weekend when they let slip a 2-0 lead and crashed to a 4-2 reverse at Real Sociedad.
Ronaldo, 29, missed the game through injury and he followed up his comments on Monday by giving
Perez, who pushed through a lucrative contract extension for Ronaldo in September last year that ties him to the club until 2018, defended Real’s decision to sell Alonso and Di Maria.
DIFFERENT EXPECTATIONS
“His (Di Maria’s) reason  was that he had financial demands that we could not meet,” Perez told reporters. “Real Madrid made him the best possible offer but he had different expectations.
“No player in the team has that kind of salary, only Ronaldo, who is the best player in the world. “If we had accepted  it would have put the club’s financial stability in danger.”
Perez said he had a “very good relationship” with Alonso, who will turn 33 in November, and the player had asked to leave.
“He believes the best way to organise his remaining years of professional life is what he has chosen, both for him and for the club.” Alonso’s position controlling play in midfield was well covered by Kroos and Asier Illarramendi, he added.
Real’s latest financial figures also showed a post-tax profit of 38.5 million euros, up 4.4 percent on a year earlier, and a drop in net debt of 21 percent to 71.5 million.
The performance suggests they will top Deloitte’s ranking of the world’s richest club’s continued…

Indo-Pak cricket unlikely until closure of 26/11 casePress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 8:26 pm
Pakistan Cricket Board chief Shaharyar Khan doesn’t see restoration of bilateral cricket ties with India until the closure of the Mumbai terror attack case in Pakistan.
Shaharyar, 80, who has been Pakistan’s foreign secretary and also High Commissioner to New Delhi, said the Indian people and media still had a lot of grudge against Pakistan over the Mumbai terror attacks.
“Bilateral cricket ties with India are governed by existing diplomatic relations between the two countries but what feelings the Indian people and media have towards us also plays an important role,” Shaharyar told a news conference today.
He was asked whether he thought that the Lahore Lions team would be able to take part in the Champions League in India and if this didn’t happen would it affect the agreement between the two cricket boards to play six bilateral series between 2015 and 2023 under the International Cricket Council (ICC) future tours program.
“It is too early to say whether the Lahore team will go to India but the process to send them is going on. And as far as its repercussions on bilateral series is concerned I think these ties will remain affected until there is a closure of the Mumbai attack case in Pakistan,” he said.
Around 164 people and over 300 persons were injured in the terrorist attack carried out by the Lashkar-e-Taiba in Mumbai.
India has blamed Pakistan for the attacks and has said it has done nothing to punish those responsible for planning the attack.
Since the Mumbai attacks there has been no full bilateral series between the two countries even after Ajmal Kasab, the lone attacker who was captured alive by the Indian authorities, was hanged in November 2012.
Pakistan did tour India for a short one-day series two years back but that has also not led to revival of regular bilateral ties and infact since than other sporting events between the two countries have been affected.
Shaharyar said he would be going to India soon to meet with Indian cricket officials and was also slated to meet them during the ICC meeting in October. “When I meet them I have a lot to discuss with them regarding restoration of bilateral ties and participation of our players in the IPL,” he said.
Since the Mumbai attacks in November 2008, the Indian board had also not invited Pakistani players for the Indian Premier League.
Shaharyar was Chairman of the board in 2004 when a deadlock was broken and India toured Pakistan for a full Test series after a 14-year gap

Abhishek Bachchan prays at Siddhivinayak post Pro-kabaddi leagueentertainment
Abhishek Bachchan prays at Siddhivinayak post Pro-kabaddi league
Abhishek Bachchan offered prayers at Siddhivinayak temple in Mumbai after his team Jaipur Pink Panthers won the pro-kabaddi league.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Abhishek Bachchan, who was seen without his wife Aishwarya Rai, waves to his fans.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Abhishek, who was seen in white pathani suit, comes out of the temple.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Abhishek greets fans as he leaves the temple. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Bollywood couple Abhishek and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan may have tied the knot seven years ago, but the duo is still very much in love. At the pro-Kabaddi league finale held on Sunday (August 31), Aishwarya just could not keep her hands off her handsome husband.
Abhishek Bachchan-owned Jaipur Pink Panthers outclassed the U Mumba side 35-24 to lift the inaugural Pro Kabaddi Title.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Aishwarya and Abishek walked in hand-in-hand wearing matching Jaipur Pink Panther’s jerseys. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The couple, who have two-year-old daughter Aaradhya, seemed like a couple of teenagers as they giggled and chatted. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The couple was happy to enjoy a night-out. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Abhishek  didn't let go of wife Aishwarya's hand even when they were celebrating their team’s win. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Pictured here, Aishwarya and Abhishek hold hands during an intense part of the match. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Abhishek and Aishwarya beam for the cameras. Wonder if we'll see these two real-life lovebirds onscreen together anytime soon. (Source: Varinder Chawla)

IFA 2014: The best smartphones at the show (Galaxy Notesexcluded)The City Cube, where the Samsung stalls are homed. (Source: Nandagopal Rajan)
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Berlin | Posted: September 6, 2014 11:31 am | Updated: September 6, 2014 11:36 am
There was the new Samsung Galaxy Note 4 and the stunning Note Edge, but the IFA in Berlin also showed the world a lot of other new phones. Here is our pick of the phones that had us really excited.
Samsung Galaxy Alpha is priced Euro 699
Samsung Alpha
All the focus at the Samsung stall was on the Note 4 and Note Edge, but there was a large space dedicated to the new Samsung Galaxy Alpha, a stunner of a phone. It is a stunner not just because of the design that stands apart from the other Galaxy phones, but also because of the metallic body. The HD super AMOLED display is stunning an the Quad-core 1.8 GHz Cortex-A15 plus quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7 combo looked capable of some serious computing. The phone has a good 12MP rear camera. In Europe the phone is priced Euro 699, that might make this a very expensive phone in India.
Sony Xperia Z3
The Z3 is as light and slim as you would expect a Sony flagship to be. But this phone is a bit different from its predecessor as well as the other phones in the Xperia third generation because of the curved edges. Despite the 5.2-inch screen this phone is very compact and fits your hand perfectly. Perhaps, Sony could have pushed the screen beyond Full HD. The 20MP rear camera is really good and comes with lens attachments that will give it great edge over other phone cameras. It is powered by a 2.5 GHz Qualcomm MSM8974AC Snapdragon 801 processor.
Lumia 830
There are no stand apart features in the 830, but it is a very good smartphone with an even better camera. Yes, people who buy this phone will have the 10MP PureView camera with ZEISS optics at the top of their mind. The 830 comes with a good mix of specs too and has a 1.2GHz Snapdragon quad-core processor and 5” ClearBlack 1280x720p IPS-LCD display. However, we just hope the phone has a good price in India. In Europe, this “affordable flagship” is priced Euro 330.

Watch Video: Take a stand  slap the eveteasersPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 11:42 am | Updated: September 6, 2014 11:58 am
Eve-teasing is one of the biggest problem of our society. And what is more tragic is that girls and women often do not speak up like this girl in the video did.
Although the girl slapped the wrong person, but to have the courage to slap the eve-teasers is what this video teaches all.
The girl realised her mistake after slapping the wrong guy and felt embarrassed as well. But had some comfort after what the guy told her in response. Here’s what happened:

TN Minister Moorthy sacked  Ramanaa back in CabinetUpdated: September 7, 2014 02:41 IST
Moorthy dropped, Ramanaa back in Cabinet reshuffle
L. Renganathan
state politics
In a minor reshuffle of the Tamil Nadu Cabinet effected by Chief Minister Jayalalithaa on Saturday, B.V. Ramanaa replaced V. Moorthy as Milk and Dairy Development Minister.
Governor K. Rosaiah swore in the Minister at a brief ceremony in the Raj Bhavan in the presence of Ms. Jayalalithaa and her Cabinet colleagues.
Mr. Ramanaa, Tiruvallur MLA, had been a Minister since the AIADMK returned to power in 2011 and held the portfolio of Handlooms and Textiles, Environment and Forests, and later on Revenue. Ms. Jayalalithaa dropped him from the Cabinet on May 19, 2014.
In fact, Mr. Ramanaa’s fortunes started looking up on Friday when Ms. Jayalalithaa appointed him the party’s Tiruvallur West district secretary, even as she shunted out Mr. Moorthy, who was Tiruvallur South district secretary. Party circles were abuzz that Mr. Moorthy was in for more trouble when the formal announcement by Ms. Jayalalithaa on divesting him of the party post did not mention Mr. Moorthy as a Minister. The exit for Mr. Moorthy and the re-entry for Mr. Ramanaa came on Saturday, as the Cabinet was reshuffled for over 15 times during Ms. Jayalalithaa’s current term as Chief Minister.
Party sources said the alleged irregularities in Aavin operations led to the exit of Mr. Moorthy. They pointed out that only a few days ago, three senior Aavin officials were placed under suspension on the charge of adulteration. Ms. Jayalalithaa had also removed a contractor-couple from the party recently after their Aavin links were traced.

How to Make Most of New PPF Limit of Rs. 1.5 lakhYou are here: Home Your Money
How to Make Most of New PPF Limit of Rs 1.5 lakh
NDTV | Updated On: September 04, 2014 11:05 (IST)
Health Insurance Payment via Credit Card: Few Things to Know
The Public Provident Fund (PPF) is one of the most popular tax-saving schemes. In a further boost to its attractiveness, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in the Budget increased the ceiling on PPF investment to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh. The government has issued a notification raising the annual PPF deposit limit to Rs 1.5 lakh.
Mr Jaitley also increased the maximum amount eligible for deduction through permissible investments under 80C of the Income-Tax Act to Rs 1.5 lakh, from Rs 1 lakh. PPF is one of the financial savings that qualifies for Section 80C tax benefits. Not only the money you invest in PPF is exempt from tax under Section 80C, the interest you earn on the PPF investment is also exempt from tax.
(Also Read | New PF Rules: What to Know )
How PPF interest is calculated: The interest on PPF account is no longer fixed and is now pegged to the yield on government bonds. The government declares the interest rate payable on PPF every year. For 2014-15, the government has announced interest rate of 8.70 per cent (compounded yearly).
The interest on balance in your PPF account is compounded annually and is credited at the end of the year. But the point to remember is that the interest calculation is done every month: the interest is calculated on lowest balances in account between 5th and the last day of the month.
So if you deposit after 5th of a month, you don't earn interest for that month.
The ideal way to maximise the interest on your PPF account would be to invest Rs 1.5 lakh (the maximum investible amount in a year) at one go at the beginning of the financial year. PPF accounts follow an April-to-March year so to earn the maximum interest, you should deposit the amount on/before 5th of April every year. A one-time deposit will earn interest for the whole year.
Deposits in PPF account can be made in lump-sum or in maximum 12 installments.
On the other hand, if you want to deposit some amount every month, remember to deposit on/before 5th of that month. This will help you to earn interest for that month.
Suppose, you deposit Rs 15,000 every month in 10 instalments. A back-of-the-envelope calculation suggests that if you deposit before 5th of every month, you can earn extra monthly interest of close to Rs 105 and for 10 months it would help you to earn Rs 1,050 more, at the current interest rate of 8.7 per cent. For a long-term investment product like PPF, if you follow the habit of depositing before 5th of every month, it could mean bigger retirement kitty for you.
Disclaimer: "Investors are advised to make their own assessment before acting on the information."
Story first published on: September 04, 2014 11:01 (IST)

AI to transfer 70 B777 pilots to low-cost armComments
Air India (AI) has decided to transfer 70 Boeing 777 pilots to its low-cost international arm — the AI Express.
The move will help the national carrier overcome the severe shortage of pilots faced by AI Express and at the same time put to optimal use B777 pilots whose flying had been reduced to a great extent with AI selling five of its B777 aircraft to Etihad. AI has plans to lease or sell another three B777 aircraft, which is a long haul aircraft.
“AI Express has a fleet of Boeing 737 aircraft and conversion from B777 to the narrow body B737 can be done easily. With this single move, we will solve two big problems,” a senior AI official, who did not wish to be named, said. The proposal, sources said, has been cleared by the airline’s board.
“Except for the ultra long-haul flights to the US, we are using the B787 Dreamliner on most international routes. All international flights are operated using the Dreamliner,” said another official, who too did not wish to be quoted. “AI Express had been facing a shortage of pilots while competition from foreign and domestic airlines for traffic to Gulf had been increasing. With more pilots, pressure should ease a bit,” the official added.

Government to Fast Track Mining Lease Applications of Australian Firms: Commerce MinisterGovernment Says Not Considering Immediate Gold Import Duty Cut
New Delhi: Wooing investments, India on Friday promised fast track clearances to mining lease applications of Australian companies.
Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said that eight applications of Australian companies are pending in the country.
Australian companies have applied for mining leases in the country and eight such applications are pending at different stages with the Ministry of Mines as well as the government of Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh and Orissa, she said.
"We are going to follow them up. We will follow it up in such a way that they clear without much of a hindrance because the government believes in ease of doing business and we do not want anything that brings in rough edges...," the minister added.
She was addressing industry leaders from India and Australia during a luncheon meeting organised by industry chambers including Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) and Ficci. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott was present at the meeting.
Seeking investments, Mr Sitharaman said that in the last 14 years, India has received only $600 million foreign direct investment (FDI) from Australia.
On the other hand, India has invested over $1 billion in last decade.
"I am very proud to say this. India's FDI in Australia in the last 10 years is little over $1 billion. Our entrepreneurs have shown excellent risk taking...," she said.
Australian companies have primarily invested in India in sectors such as services, metallurgy, telecommunication and automobile industries.
"We solicit Australian companies investments in DMIC, aviation, metallurgy. These are areas where we want to see interest of Australian companies. Marine, fisheries, agro and food processing, energy, tourism and tourism related infrastructure are other important sectors where Australian firms can invest."
"Australia has a lot of scope for Indian business and even more for Australians to invest in India because you are looking at a market which is yet to fully bloom...Please open up on investments. You will not find India less of a potential market where investments will be better rewarded," Ms Sitharaman said.
Speaking at the occasion, Assocham president Rana Kapoor said that the bilateral trade between India and Australia is low and both the sides should work to enhance this.
He said that the proposed free trade agreement between the countries would help in pushing trade and investments.
Ficci president Sidharth Birla also said that huge opportunities for Australian businesses exist in India.
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 19:06 (IST)

Cipla: Outcome of AGMSep 05, 2014, 08.02 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Cipla: Outcome of AGM
Cipla has informed that the 78th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 03, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cipla: Outcome of AGM
Cipla has informed that the 78th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 03, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Cipla Ltd has informed BSE that the 78th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 03, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

 Rupee to Stagnate on Dollar Rally: PollITC Shares Fall amid Reports of Tough Tobacco Policy
The rupee will likely stagnate over the next year as a US dollar rally gathers steam and the Indian economy at best chugs along, while the Chinese yuan will probably appreciate a little, a Reuters poll found.
The poll of more than 30 currency strategists, conducted this week, predicted one US dollar will fetch Rs 60.50 in a month, Rs 60.30 in six months and Rs 60.82 in a year. The dollar was trading around Rs 60.43 on Friday.
Those predictions are a little more bearish than those in the August survey and come despite the rupee rising over 2 per cent and the stock market rallying 28 per cent since the start of this year.
"India enjoyed a steady stream of bond inflows in August, almost bursting the foreign investment limit of $25 billion," said Sook Mei Leong, ASEAN head of market research at BTMU in Singapore.
The European Central Bank on Thursday launched a stimulus programme to buy asset-backed securities and covered bonds in the latest attempt to revive the flagging euro zone economy and boost inflation.
Past experience shows that much of this money may eventually flow into emerging markets that offer a better return than the sub one percent yield of benchmark German bunds.
But with rising treasury yields in the US, inflows into Indian markets could be smaller this time around as investors flock to America's bond markets.
"Looking ahead towards year-end, portfolio inflows may taper especially with US monetary accommodation ending soon, though it is unlikely to be as negative as that seen last year," Leong added.
From a year earlier, the Indian economy grew 5.7 per cent in the quarter ended June, a 2-1/2 year high, breaking above a dominant sub-five percent trend seen in the past two years.
Still, unmet lofty expectations of reforms from the new government have tempered the jubilant optimism that followed Prime Minister Narendra Modi's election victory in May.
While economists are still hopeful the economy is gaining momentum, they agree it would take longer than earlier expected to return to near double-digit growth rate.
Also tempering the rupee's prospects is the US dollar, as a long-anticipated rally is finally taking hold.
The dollar, as measured against a basket of currencies, has gained almost 5 per cent since the start of the year on expectations the Federal Reserve will end its stimulus next month. Economists polled by Reuters expect the first rate hike in Q2 2015.
YUAN TO STRENGTHEN
China's yuan is expected to slowly strengthen over the next 12 months after a sharp slide early this year, as markets expect the country's central bank to be comfortable with a stronger currency as the economy recovers.
According to the Reuters poll, the currency is expected to change hands at 6.15 yuan a U.S. dollar in one month, then 6.12 yuan in six months and 6.06 yuan in a year.
On Friday, the People's Bank of China set the midpoint rate at 6.1707 per dollar, down 0.07 percent from the previous fix, reflecting the sharp rise of the U.S. index on Thursday.
The spot rate was around 6.14 to the dollar on Friday. The yuan is allowed to trade 2 per cent above or below the daily midpoint.
Recent data from China has sent conflicting signs about the health of the economy.
The economy grew at a faster pace in the April-June quarter, while purchasing manager surveys showed factory activity pulled back sharply in August.
"In many ways, the Chinese currency appears to be trading in its own little world, separated from economics even though many questions linger," said Leong of BTMU. "Perhaps the main worry is over the property sector."
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Slow Governance Responsible for Decline in Growth: RBI ChiefModi-Abe 'Bhai Bhai', but Japan Inc Wants Some Things Fixed
New Delhi: Attributing decline in economic growth to "slow governance" and faulty allocation of natural resources, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan has said GDP growth will improve to 7 per cent in next three years on back of political stability.
"The sharp slowdown in GDP from 8-9 per cent growth to 4-5 per cent in the last two years was caused by issues such as environment and land acquisition problems, delays in withdrawal of fiscal and monetary stimulus, irregularities around allocation of natural resources and slow governance," a Citi report quoted Mr Rajan as saying.
Rajan had addressed a group of investors in Boston on Thursday.
"On the back of political stability, improved business and investment climate, GDP growth is poised to improve towards 7 per cent over the next three years," he said.
India's economic growth slipped to sub-5 per cent levels in fiscal years 2013-14 and 2012-13. In the current financial year, the apex bank estimates the growth to be 5.5 per cent.
In the first quarter of fiscal year 2014-15, the GDP improved to 5.7 per cent from 4.6 per cent in the corresponding period a year ago.
Referring to the recent judgement of the Supreme Court on coal block allocation, Mr Rajan said it "may create uncertainty in the short term, but long term, it is a positive development".
As regards the inflation, he said it is still high because of supply side rigidities.
"Food inflation is a source of discomfort and given the sub-par monsoon this year, there is a need to keep an eye on food inflation," he said.
Food inflation in July stood at 8.43 per cent. The retail inflation was 7.96 per cent and WPI inflation was 5.19 per cent.
The RBI aims to contain retail inflation at 8 per cent this year and 6 per cent by next year through a sound monetary policy framework.
Mr Rajan said barring unforeseen external macro shocks, containment of the current account deficit and fiscal consolidation is likely to continue.
"Fiscal slippage has been arrested, but the quality of the deficit could be improved - particularly on the subsidy rationalisation and capital expenditure front," he said.
The government aims to bring down fiscal deficit to 4.1 per cent this fiscal year. The current account deficit, which is the difference between inflow and outflow of foreign exchange, narrowed sharply to $7.8 billion, or 1.7 per cent of GDP, in the first quarter of the ongoing fiscal year. It was $21.8 billion (4.8 per cent of GDP) in the year-ago period.
Mr Rajan said the apexs bank considers it prudent to be prepared for the eventual exit from low rates.
The RBI Governor's vision for the banking system involves a more competitive banking structure. Stressing that India needs more banks, he said that the RBI was a little more conservative in the current round of licensing, given that it was timed around the elections.
The RBI, he said, will come out with a framework on the NBFC sector, which needs to complement the banking sector.
He also said PSU banks constitute 70 per cent of the total banking sector assets.
"The government needs to improve the governance of PSU banks before it can reduce its stake in them."
To facilitate greater participation of foreign banks, the RBI might relook at priority sector lending norms, he said, adding that one possible solution could involve domestic banks doing more agriculture lending and foreign banks doing more SME lending.
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 22:05 (IST)

Movie review by Rashid Irani: Sin city 2 is a sin-tillating sequelSIN CITY 2 : A DAME TO KILL FOR
Direction: Robert Rodriguez, Frank Miller
Actors: Eva Green, Josh Brolin
Rating: ****
Nine years after they collaborated on Sin City, comic book artist Frank Miller and maverick filmmaker Robert Rodriguez reunite to co-direct this eye-popping sequel.  
Shot in stark black and white with occasional invasions of colour, the imagery replicates the textures and noir-inflected backdrops from Frank Miller’s graphic novels. The four vaguely interconnected pulp fictions are set in the ever-nocturnal streets of the titular city. The denizens breathlessly stumble from one vignette to the next.
Reprising their roles from the first film are the scantily-clad barroom dancer (Jessica Alba), a prostitute with the proverbial heart of gold (Rosario Dawson), the spectre of an embittered cop (Bruce Willis) and Mickey Rourke as the fearless avenging angel. The primary villain is a corrupt politician (portrayed with sadistic glee by Powers Boothe).
There is an abundance of violence including the hacking of heads and limbs. Unfortunately, the cartoonish carnage comes at the expense of plot and narrative momentum. Clearly, Rodriguez and Miller opt for stylistic razzmatazz over thematic substance. If only for its visual virtuosity, it’s worth plunging into the hard-boiled world of Sin City 2 : A Dame To Kill For.       

Walmart to take Carrefour stores in Delhi  Jaipur  AgraNivedita Mookerji |  New Delhi Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 11:58 PM IST
Walmart to take over Carrefour stores in Delhi, Jaipur, Agra
Carrefour had in July announced it was exiting the India market
American retail chain Walmart will replace three of the wholesale stores set up by French group Carrefour in India with its own, sources said.
Carrefour had in July announced it was exiting the India market. It has only a small team left in the country, to conclude the commercial and regulatory transactions. All senior officials, including the then India managing director,  Jean-Noel Bironneau, have returned to France.
With annual global revenue of €100 billion, Carrefour runs about 10,000 stores in 34 countries. KPMG has been helping the French chain sell its assets and exit India.
A source close to the development told Business Standard that Walmart had finalised a deal with the land owners concerned for long-term leases to take up  Carrefour stores in Delhi, Jaipur and Agra. However, the American chain refused to comment on “rumours or speculation”. Walmart has said it would expand its number of cash and carry or wholesale stores in India to 50 in the next four to five years, up from 20 now.
In Delhi and Jaipur, these will be Walmart’s first stores. It already has one in Agra. Beside Delhi, Jaipur and Agra, Carrefour had outlets in Bangalore and Meerut.  The readymade stores could give a time advantage of 12 to 18 months to a retailer, say experts.              
Rajneesh Kumar, vice-president of corporate affairs at Walmart, said: “Our planning team is diligently progressing on our growth strategy, as announced earlier, for opening an additional 50 cash and carry stores in the next four to five years in the country. Besides, based on the encouraging response to our B2B (business to business) e-commerce initiative (Hyderabad and Lucknow), we would soon start extending this virtual platform in our remaining stores, in a phased manner.”
Carrefour, the second-largest retail chain in the world after Walmart, had decided to exit India in a little less than four years after opening its first store in the country. In Asia, this was the only market where Carrefour had only cash and carry stores.
Carrefour entered the cash and carry segment in India in 2010, as a stepping stone for making a foray into the supermarket category.  Even when up to 51 per cent foreign direct investment (FDI) was permitted in supermarkets or multi-brand retailing, Carrefour could not identify an Indian partner. Also,  the tough sourcing norms were a hurdle.
The current government is, however, opposed to FDI in multibrands. In cash and carry, 100 per cent FDI is allowed but Carrefour kept losing money in this segment.
EXPANSION
In Delhi and Jaipur, these will be Walmart’s first stores
 
Walmart already has a store in Agra
 
A source said Walmart had finalised the deal with land owners for long-term leases to take up  Carrefour stores in Delhi, Jaipur and Agra
 Advertisements

Gold edges up on soft U.S. unemployment dataSep 05, 2014, 11.18 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Gold edges up on soft U.S. unemployment data
Gold edges up on soft U.S. unemployment data
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gold edges up on soft U.S. unemployment data
Gold edges up on soft U.S. unemployment data
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Gold prices moved higher on Friday after a disappointing U.S. August jobs report stoked concerns that a still soft labor market may prompt the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates later in 2015 than markets were anticipating
On the Comex division of the New York Mercantile Exchange, gold futures for December delivery traded at 1,267.20 a troy ounce during U.S. trading, up 0.06%, up from a session low of $1,258.10 and off a high of $1,274.30.
The December contract settled down 0.30% at $1,266.50 on Thursday.
Futures were likely to find support at $1,258.10 a troy ounce, the session low, and resistance at $1,279.20, Thursday's high.
The Department of Labor reported earlier that the U.S. economy added 142,000 jobs in August, far less than the expected increase of 225,000. July's figure was revised to a 212,000 increase from a previously estimated rise of 209,000.
The report also showed that the U.S. unemployment rate ticked down to 6.1% last month, from 6.2%, in line with expectations.
The data came a day after payroll processor ADP reported that its nonfarm payrolls report showed that the private sector added 204,000 jobs in August, missing expectations for jobs growth of 220,000 though still above the 200,000 mark.
Still, gold didn't soar on the data, as the August jobs report tends to be subject to hefty revisions.
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen has said that slackness persists in the labor market despite an improving economy, and Friday's data sent investors rethinking timetables as to when interest rates may rise in the U.S., seen by many taking place in 2015.
Meanwhile, silver for December delivery was up 0.16% at $19.168 a troy ounce, while copper futures for December delivery were up 0.53% at $3.168 a pound.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Saving Dr. Brantly  Part 5
Selective appointments at home raises suspicion on CBI chief s meetingsNivedita Mookerji |  New Delhi Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 12:23 AM IST
CBI chief's meetings at home raise questions of propriety
The fact that Sinha met many of the people connected to the case at his residential complex is a clear indicator of things gone amiss
Ever since the names of people who met Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) director Ranjit Sinha at his home office in the past several months have come out, the top sleuth has gone all out to say he has done no wrong and nobody can stop him from meeting people.
In one of his defiant statements, he said: “You have to often catch a thief through a thief,” implying that he’s been getting information from his visitors, and that this has enabled CBI to crack many cases.
ALSO READ:  Ranjit Sinha: In the hot seat
 
That may be partly correct, but Sinha’s argument seems to be faulty, according to experts. While technically the CBI chief can hold meetings at his residential office, it is the kind of people who are listed in the visitors’ logbooks as well as the frequency of their visits that is raising questions. “The core point is whether the meetings are furthering the cause of justice or not. The role of an investigator is nothing but that,” said a former CBI director.
The visitors’ diary, or diaries, are believed to be filled with controversial names, including those of industrialists, company executives and politicians with links to the 2G telecom scam and coalgate. The fact that Sinha, who’s heading the probe on both 2G and coal case that shook the nation, met these people at his residential complex (even if it is at the home office), at times late in the night perhaps without any written record of the interactions, is a clear indicator of things gone amiss, according to a civil servant.   
ALSO READ:  CBI chief says will hit back with perjury case against Bhushan
 
The questions that are being asked by top government officials are, why could not these same set of people meet the CBI chief at his office? What were the constraints in organising meetings at his spacious office in the CGO Complex, New Delhi? Was it the convenience of the visitors or the CBI chief himself that was kept in mind while allowing meetings at his residence? Just to put things in perspective, Sinha’s residence at 2, Janpath, is less than 5 km away from the CBI headquarters at the CGO complex, and in normal traffic the two destinations are apart by 10 minutes when travelling by car. There may not be a ready answer to those questions at this point, but a top bureaucrat pointed out that a residential office is sanctioned to top officials including the CBI chief for working at home beyond office hours and giving dictations to personal staff.
“But, such meetings with industrialists and company executives, who are linked to cases under investigation, are against any norm and, therefore, raise suspicion,” he added.
Former CBI chief Vijay Shankar told Business Standard that keeping a residential office is the director’s prerogative. “But, in case people involved in the investigation were given appointment at residential office, was it to each and everyone who sought it depending on the time available to him, or was it given to a particular kind of people?” he asked. “From what has come out in the media, the practice of giving appointment to persons under investigation, that too repeatedly, is highly suspicious,” said Shankar, who held the position of CBI director for three years.
Another former director of CBI, who did not want to be named, said: “I never met anybody at my home office other than personal staff who facilitated work.”
With just about two months to go before his term ends, will the government take any step to intervene? The buzz is that there may be a change in the rulebook that could actually end the CBI chief’s term before the due time. Sinha has said that he will not resign, and is planning a perjury case against Prashant Bhushan, the petitioner who brought the visitors’ log book to the court. However, what view the Supreme Court takes on Monday on the matter might hold the key. Sinha had not so long ago agreed with the Supreme Court that the agency was indeed a “caged parrot”. The current controversy raises the question of how much of a caged parrot the CBI actually is, and what can be done to change the complexion of the premier investigative agency.
 Advertisements

Havent made Finding Fanny for any particular set of people: HomiAdajaniaWhen quizzed about the plot of the movie, Homi said, “The message is quite simple – It's never too late to find love.”
Written by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 12:38 pm
Homi Adajania is a bundle of nerves ahead of the release of the much awaited movie ‘Finding Fanny’. Touted as offbeat, Homi opines that he hasn’t made the movie to appease anyone. He says, “I had written the script long before ‘Cocktail’. So, while we were shooting for ‘Cocktail’, I narrated it to Deepika and she expressed her desire to be a part of the movie.”
“In a way, it was good, as ‘Cocktail’ gave us the finances to make ‘Finding Fanny’ exactly the way we wanted to. We haven’t made this movie for any set of people. We just want people to go and enjoy it, as it’s different and nice,” he added.
The director was accompanied by the stars of his movie – Deepika Padukone and Arjun Kapoor – and producer Dinesh Vijan to the Capital for promotions.
In pics: Deepika, Arjun take ‘Finding Fanny’ to Delhi
When quizzed about the plot of the movie, Homi said, “The message is quite simple – It’s never too late to find love.”
The movie is extensively shot in Goa. Homi said, “We have developed a fictional village around which the lives of the characters revolve. The idea was to show Goa in a way never been done before.”
‘Fanny’ finds different connotations in different parts of the world. But the ‘Being Cyrus’ director does not comply with it.
“Fanny is referred to as the posterior of the women in America and a different thing in England. In our movie, it’s just the short form for Stefanie Fernandes, no pun intended!” said he.
When asked about the difference in directing stars like Deepika Padukone and Arjun Kapoor and seasoned actors like Pankaj Kapur, Naseeruddin Shah and Dimple Kapadia, the director said, “There’s not much of a difference. Everybody knows well about the craft. Naseer Saab is a one take actor. Infact the movie got delayed because of him. He didn’t have the dates when I actually wanted to make it, and I just wanted to take him.”
“Pankaj Kapur used to ask for my approval after each shot. And I can’t make a movie without Dimple Kapadia. Its basically her orders (laughs)” he added.
All set to release on September 12, ‘Finding Fanny’ is Homi Adajania’s third directorial venture after ‘Being Cyrus’ and ‘Cocktail’.
We haven’t made this movie for any set of people. We just want people to go and enjoy it, as it's different and nice

Flood situation remains grim as rains continue to lash J&K; at least 5000rescuedLocals with their belognings move towards the safer places in athawajan- on the outkisrts of Srinagar on Friday. (Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Written by Adil Akhzer | Srinagar | Posted: September 6, 2014 12:17 pm | Updated: September 6, 2014 12:37 pm
With rains continuing for the fifth consecutive day, the situation continues to remain grim across the state. The Jammu and Kashmir Police, the Army and the civil administration is on the job to rescue people trapped in various parts of the state.
South Kashmir, which is badly hit by the flash floods, got disconnected with rest of Kashmir after a number of bridges and major raods connecting to Srinagar were washed away by the flood waters.
Army perosnnel provided boats to the people submerged on the Srinagar-Jammu national highway on Friday. (Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
According to a spokesperson, the  Army has launched massive rescue operation across the state. “ As many as 5000 people trapped in flood waters have been rescued in Kashmir valley,” he said. “We have pressed 73 columns including the 17 Engineering columns to rescue the people trapped in various districts.”
Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir Omar Abdullah inspecting flood situation at Magam near Srinagar on Friday. (PTI Photo)
In Srinagar, after the rainfall stopped for few hours on Friday night, the water level has started decreasing. “The Jehlum level at Ram Munshi Bagh in Srinagar is flowing at 21.70 feet, more than a foot lower than the previous recording,” an official at the Flood Control Room said. “The level of water gauge in South Kashmir’s Sangam is under the water and the level at Asham in North Kashmir is flowing at 15.91 Feet.”
After the bridges got washed away by the flood water, the roads leading to the famous tourist destination Gulmarg in North Kashmir was closed for the vehicular movement. Baramulla-Uri road has also been closed after the flash flood washed away the roads at many places.
Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir Omar Abdullah inspecting rescue operations at Newa Khanda in the aftermath of a flood caused due to incessant rains on Friday. (PTI Photo)
Officials said that Jhelum River has breached at few places on the outskirts of the city and administration is on the job to rescue the people. “There are reports that on the Srinagar-Jammu National highway, continued…

Draghi signals $1 trillion fresh aid to lift...You are here: Home > Collections
ECB chief Mario Draghi signals $1 trillion fresh aid to lift European economy
Bloomberg Sep 6, 2014, 11.40AM IST
Tags:
ECB
( Mario Draghi signalled at…)
LONDON: Mario Draghi signalled at least 700 billion euros ($906 billion) of fresh aid for his moribund economy and left a fight with Germany over sovereign-bond purchases for another day.
Pledging to "significantly steer" the European Central Bank's (ECB) balance sheet back towards the $2.7 trillion of early 2012 from $2 trillion now, the ECB president on Thursday announced a final round of interest-rate cuts and a plan to buy privately-owned securities.
His mission: to revive inflation in the 18-nation euro area. Fully-fledged quantitative easing as deployed in the US and Japan wasn't enacted amid a split on the 24-member Governing Council, with Bundesbank President Jens Weidmann opposing the new stimulus and others seeking more.
The latest round of steps pushed the euro below $1.30 for the first time since July 2013 and sent European bond yields negative. The steps "probably reflect that President Draghi does not have unanimity, or a large enough majority for quantitative easing," said Andrew Bosomworth, a Munich-based portfolio manager at Pacific Investment Management Co and a former ECB economist.
Investment Decline With euro-area inflation languishing at 0.3% last month, a fraction of the ECB's 2% goal, and Draghi saying price expectations are worsening, policy makers unexpectedly cut interest rates. The benchmark and deposit rates were reduced by 10 basis points to 0.05% and minus 0.2%, respectively.
Euro-area investment shrank 0.3% last quarter, the first decline since the start of 2013, a report from the European Union's statistics office showed on Friday. That led to a stagnation in gross domestic product even as household consumption and government spending rose.
Bond prices rose and the euro dropped after the ECB's measures. The single currency fell as low as $1.292 on Thursday and is headed for a record eighth straight weekly decline.
Governing Council member Ewald Nowotny said late on Thursday that "the rate cut was mainly meant to lead to a reversal of the euro appreciation," which will provide relief for exporters. "The key issue was the influence on the exchange rate, and that happened very quickly and is going to last," he said in an interview with Austrian state broadcaster ORF.
Lower bound
The ECB's fresh monetary easing may help encourage companies and households to spend rather than save. It could also attract greater participation in a targeted lending program for banks that was unveiled in June and starts this month.
Banks can borrow from the ECB for as much as four years at a small premium to the benchmark rate.
The rate cuts mark the bottom line for conventional monetary policy. Declaring that the ECB can now reduce them no more, Draghi committed to buying so-called assetbacked securities and covered bonds in the hope that will funnel cash into the economy.
FEATURED ARTICLES

L-T Gen Rath gets clean chit in Sukna land s...Lieutenant General P K Rath gets clean chit in Sukna land scam case
By TNN | 6 Sep, 2014, 11.51AM IST
Armed Forces Tribunal quashed court martial of former commander Lieutenant General P K Rath, one of four generals indicted in Sukna land scam case.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: The Armed Forces Tribunal (AFT) on Friday quashed the court martial of former 33 Corps commander Lieutenant General P K Rath , one of the four generals indicted in the infamous Sukna land scam case that rocked the Army five years ago.
Imposing Rs 1 lakh fine on the Army for causing "loss of honour" to Rath, a two-member AFT bench headed by Justice Sunil Hali said, "The petitioner has suffered undue harassment and loss of reputation by the act of the respondents, which if not compensated would be a travesty of justice. The petitioner is acquitted of all charges. He is entitled to restoration of all benefits with 12% interest."
The Army, on its part, said it would decide on whether or not to appeal against the AFT decision in Supreme Court after reading the judgment.
The Sukna scam had erupted in November 2009 when Rath was all set to take over as the new Army deputy chief (information systems and training) after commanding the 33 Corps based in Darjeeling district of West Bengal, under which the Sukna military station falls.
The then military secretary, Lt Gen Avadhesh Prakash (who was a close aide to former Army chief Gen Deepak Kapoor) and Rath were charged with conspiring to aid the transfer of the 71-acre Chumta tea estate adjacent to Sukna military station to a real estate developer on the pretext of opening an educational institute in complete disregard of all security and other norms.
In his petition to the AFT, Rath had alleged former Army chief Gen V K Singh — now a minister of state in the Modi government — had given "undue importance" to the case since he had a "serious grudge" against Prakash. Gen Singh felt Prakash had been unfair to him in his date of birth controversy.
Rath was punished in 2011 with two years' loss of seniority, 15 years' loss of service for pension and a severe reprimand, while the court-martial against Prakash had recommended his dismissal from service. The other two generals and four other officers named in the case faced only administrative action for failing to do proper "staff work" in the chain of command.
The case had led to an unseemly rift in the top Army brass. Gen Singh, who was the Eastern Army commander when the Sukna case came to the fore, had locked horns with Gen Kapoor, who was perceived to be dragging his feet in the case.

Censor board approves virgin dialogue in Finding FannyCensor board approves ‘virgin’ dialogue in Finding Fanny
Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 06, 2014
First Published: 12:16 IST(6/9/2014) | Last Updated: 13:20 IST(6/9/2014)
On Friday, the team of Finding Fanny - lead actors Deepika Padukone, Arjun Kapoor and director Homi Adajania visited HT City to meet the winners of Stars In The City Contest.
  
Deepika Padukone, Arjun Kapoor, Naseeruddin Shah, Pankaj Kapur, Dimple Kapadia in a still from Finding Fanny.
Arjan Bajwa
Anushka Sharma in a still from Bombay Velvet.
A poster of Sonam Kapoor-starrer Khoobsurat.
A poster of Ram Gopal Varma's XES.
Arjun Kapoor and Deepika Padukone in Finding Fanny.
Ranveer Singh in a still from Finding Fanny.
Deepika Padukone and Arjun Kapoor go crazy in their new film Finding Fanny- Are you ready for the crazy ride?
Deepika and Arjun having a good time while shooting for their new venture Finding Fanny.
The cast of Finding Fanny shares a laugh while shooting for the film.
Cast of Finding Fanny having a good time while shooting for the film.
The entire cast is set to find Fanny and  the journey begins on 12th September 2014
The sizzling chemistry between  Deepika Padukone and Arjun Kapoor in Finding Fanny gives us all the more reasons to watch this film.
Are you ready for the crazy ride with the cast of Finding Fanny?
While all upbeat about the film, they also lamented the Censor Board’s decision to delete Deepika’s ‘I am a virgin’ dialogue from the film.
Also read: Deepika plays a virgin widow in Finding Fanny, says Homi
Hours later, the Censor Board revoked its decision and cleared the ­dialogue. "The dialogue has been allowed now and will be used in the film," Leela Samson, Chairperson of the CBFC told us. In another interview Samson admitted that deleting the dialogue was a mistake.
"The filmmakers were justified in their request. It was a mistake which needed to be rectified. I took the necessary step," she said. 
During his conversation with us, Adajania had said, "They said if you want a U/A rating, you need to cut out Deepika saying ‘I am a virgin’, and remove her back shots in the film. Ironically enough, they had given me a censor certificate for showing the same thing in the film’s trailer, but they cut it in the movie. When I asked what the reason was, they said, ‘Nahi bigger ­picture mein different hota hai."
Arjun Kapoor added, "An 18 year old need not come to the theatre and pay money to see something when they can see it for free on TV or on YouTube."

J&K floods: Nine Army jawans washed away during rescue operation; Rajnath Singh monitorssituationPrint
A flood-affected villager being rescued using a rope by the army at Thanamandi village of Rajouri on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Mir Ehsan | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 1:07 pm | Updated: September 6, 2014 2:12 pm
The Army has launched a rescue operation in South Kashmir’s Pulwama area to rescue nine army personnel who got stuck in floods after their boat capsized.
The incident took place in Pulwama area where several villages are flooded. Army’s rescue team moving in a boat capsized due to fast currents. While two soldiers have been rescued, nine others are inside the water some distance away.
Army spokesman told The Indian Express that 11 soldiers were moving in a boat that capsized. “Two of them have been moved to safer places while 9 are struck and efforts are being made to rescue them.”
Army has launched operation Sathaya – (Help) for flood affected people across the state and pressed 73 columns into operation. In the past two days, Army has rescued 5000 people in different parts of the Valley.
Meanwhile, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Saturday arrived in Srinagar to monitor the flood situation in the Valley. Around 100 people lost their lives and thousands were displaced due to nature’s fury across the state.
The Home Minister was scheduled to go for an aerial survey of the flood affected villages of the Valley, but due to bad weather, his helicopter could not take off from the airport.
Singh had a meeting with Chief Minister Omar Abdullah where both discussed steps to meet the situation arising out of the worst floods in the state in six decades.
After briefing the Home Minister, Omar himself drove Singh through the Srinagar city which is witnessing heavy rainfall since morning.
Home Minister was scheduled to have an aerial survey of the flood affected villages of the Valley, but due to bad weather, helicopter of Home Minister could not take off from the airport.
Singh along with Chief Minister Omar Abdullah will now visit the flood affected areas of the city and later hold a meeting with the J&K chief minister.
Flood situation has worsened in the last few days in Jammu and Kashmir where several rivers have been flowing above
the danger mark and most parts of south Kashmir, including Pulwama, Anantnag and Kulgam district have been submerged.
The water level in Rambiara stream in Shopian district was also seen rising fast. Flood situation in Rajouri, Reasi and Udhampur districts continues to be grim.
The Home Minister is also accompanied by Secretary (Border Management) Snehlata Kumar and Additional Director General of National Disaster Response Force (NDRF).
(With inputs from PTI)

It is a day of students tooUpdated: September 6, 2014 13:18 IST
It is a day of students too
S. Prasad
The Hindu School and College students form a human chain near Gandhi Statue, to draw attention of teachers against increasing incidents of sexual harassments in educational institutions in Puducherry on Friday. Photo: S.S. Kumar
They form human chain against sexual harassment
It was Teachers Day observance alright, but the event sought to espouse the cause of students in educational institutions.
Members of Puducherry-based non-governmental organisation (NGO) Fifth Pillar and school and college students formed a human chain on the Beach Road here on Friday to draw the attention of teachers to the rising incidents of sexual harassment in educational institutions. Students who formed part of the human chain carried placards stressing the need for creation of awareness about sexual harassment and bullying in schools and colleges.
G. Sakthivel, secretary of Fifth Pillar, said that students were generally afraid of reporting sexual abuses. This might disturb them mentally and affect their studies. Therefore there was a need to create awareness among teachers about how to respond and tackle such complaints.
As many as 15 cases of sexual abuse of children have been reported in schools in Puducherry. Many a time the police delay action in such cases. He said that teachers who play a significant role in shaping the personality of children should be aware of their rights.

Inflation is still high  says Raghuram RajanThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Modi sets sights on Jawaharlal Nehru s legacyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

BJP ready even if Delhi polls are held tomorrow: Satish UpadyayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Frontline Corporation reports standalone net loss of Rs 0.71 crore in the June 2014 quarterThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Deepak Fertilisers & Petrochemicals Corp sets up JV in AustraliaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Power  release delayed due to censor certificationThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Dhunseri Petrochem & Tea fixes record date for scheme of arrangementThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

It s official: Joan Rivers to have red carpet funeralThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Will you buy indusind bankPlatinum Member
566 Followers
I went through IIFL report on all the companies in full. It has recommended both ICICI and IndusInd Banks. In particular, I expect IndusInd Bank to race up at Industry-leading rates. In Q1 also, while all others have shown slight deceleration in growth rates t0 around 20-23%, Only IndusInd could sustain a Growth rate of around 29%. With economy picking up well, it may again record growth rates in excess of 30% as in the past.NIMs could also expand well as opined by IIFL. In my view, Rs.811 price in 2 years is a very conservative Opinion. With 30% Plus Growth rates, the prices could go much above that. IndusInd has a strong Management with clear focus on Growth and profitability. And, it has delivered excellent results always - even in a bad economic scenario.
In reply to : IIFL message
12.00 PM Sep 8th

Dear chandra  yes you are right.. nifty is trading on top of yea...Platinum Member
29418 Followers
Bhushan Today continue 5 % lower.. It is 137.75 and ATP is also 137.75 Which means still frustration continues which compells ppl to sell at lower circuits..59528 ( NSE) lower and ATP same rate !!!!!!
In reply to : KotakInvestment message
1.54 PM Aug 20th

Should one invest in itcRepost
Guest
it depends on its 2nd quarter. hwz d performance. till then wait n watch, coz, its main source of income is tabacco, on which govt. has imposed 75% tax n it has also increased its cig. prices.
In reply to : IIFL message
5.20 PM Sep 6th

Where do you see support for sks microfinanceCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Just Dial  United Breweries  United Spirits in India s top 10 most expensive stocks listApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

DLF shares slump after High Court orderApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Sensex snaps 9-session surge; DLF leads realty bloodbathApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

JSW Steel rises 3% on August steel production dataSep 05, 2014, 04.59 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
JSW Steel rises 3% on August steel production data
OP Jindal Group company has reported a 13 percent growth in crude steel production at 11.16 lakh tonnes, increased from 9.85 lakh tonnes in the year-ago period.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
JSW Steel rises 3% on August steel production data
OP Jindal Group company has reported a 13 percent growth in crude steel production at 11.16 lakh tonnes, increased from 9.85 lakh tonnes in the year-ago period.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  JSW Steel gained more than 3 percent intraday Friday on strong improvement in steel production in the month gone by. OP Jindal Group company has reported a 13 percent growth in crude steel production at 11.16 lakh tonnes, increased from 9.85 lakh tonnes in the year-ago period.
"Flat steel products grew by 7 percent to 8.8 lakh tonnes from 8.24 million tonnes and long steel products' growth was a whopping 53 percent in August at 1.96 lakh tonnes compared to 1.28 lakh tonnes in corresponding month of last year," said the company in its filing.
Meanwhile, a media report suggested that JSW Steel is considering buying the Ilva steel plant in Italy. Ilva, privately-owned by the Riva family, is Europe's largest steel plant by output capacity.
At 14:34 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 1,308.05, up Rs 28.05, or 2.19 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Info Edge jumps 6%  sets QIP issue floor price at Rs 766.89Sep 05, 2014, 03.26 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Info Edge jumps 6%, sets QIP issue floor price at Rs 766.89
The QIP committee of the company on Thursday has approved the preliminary placement document in connection with the QIP and decided to open the QIP issue on September 04.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Info Edge jumps 6%, sets QIP issue floor price at Rs 766.89
The QIP committee of the company on Thursday has approved the preliminary placement document in connection with the QIP and decided to open the QIP issue on September 04.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Buying continued in shares of  Info Edge India on Friday on announcement of opening of qualified institutions placement issue on September 4. The stock rallied as much as 5.6 percent intraday.
The QIP committee of the company on Thursday has approved the preliminary placement document in connection with the QIP and decided to open the QIP issue on September 04.
"Accordingly the floor price in respect of the aforesaid QIP, based on the pricing formula as prescribed in under SEBI regulations, is Rs 766.89 per equity share," said the company in its filing.
Promoter and promoter group holds 50.15 percent stake in the company, as of June 2014.
Info Edge is an on-line classifieds company in recruitment, matrimony, real estate and education.
At 15:04 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 804.10, up Rs 34.75, or 4.52 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

No truth in Preity Zinta s five conditions story: Ness Wadia s spokespersonPreity Zinta in a written complaint to Marine Drive Police Station, accused Ness Wadia of molesting and abusing her.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 5, 2014 3:21 pm
A spokesperson from the Wadia group Friday denied a report claiming that actress Preity Zinta has laid down five conditions for her ex-boyfriend and business partner Ness Wadia to withdraw the complaint against him that she filed in June.
The actress, in a written complaint to Marine Drive Police Station, accused the Wadia scion and co-owner of the King XI Punjab IPL team of molesting and abusing her May 30 during a cricket match at the Wankhede Stadium, here.
“It’s all speculative reports. There is no truth behind this,” the spokesperson from Wadia group told IANS. He added no such conversation took place between the two parties.
Meanwhile, four new witnesses called by Ness Wadia in connection with allegations levelled against him by Preity Zinta informed the Mumbai police that everything was “normal” between the two celebrities on that particular day.
It's all speculative reports. There is no truth behind this.

Jaiprakash Associates to sell its 74 pct stake in Bokaro cement JV to Dalmia BharatApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Jaiprakash Associates  board meets today to decide on stake sale in its JV subsidiariesApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Buy rating on Tata MotorsApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

India story is intact  even with inflation cloud: Raghuram RajanApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Saving Dr. Brantly  Part 6
Toasty on Saturday with a chance of storms  then cooler days aheadPM Update: Toasty on Saturday with evening storms likely, then cooler days ahead
By Angela Fritz
Comments
Radar & lightning: Latest regional radar shows movement of precipitation and lightning strikes over past two hours. Refresh page to update. Click here or on image to enlarge. Or see radar bigger on our Weather Wall .
September greeted us with heat and humidity in its first week. Every day this week surpassed 90 degrees except for Wednesday when it was “only” 89. Dew points in the upper 60s to low 70s made for a muggy combination. However, fear not – cooler days are on the way. While Saturday’s high will still be around 90, Sunday is only expected to max out at 80 degrees, if that. It will be a fitting start to a week that will continue to march down the thermometer.
Through Tonight: It stays humid this evening with dew points in the low 70s. The temperature will only drop to the mid-80s by 7 p.m. Scattered, weak storms began to take shape in Northern Virginia this afternoon, and those showers are meandering to the east at a leisurely pace. Chance of thunderstorms is 30 percent.  Overnight lows stay warm, in the mid-70s downtown, and the low 70s in the suburbs. Winds out of the south around 10 mph.
Tomorrow (Saturday) and Saturday night: While the Storm Prediction Center is focusing on the Northeast , D.C. will still have a chance of thunderstorms, and some may become severe as we head into the evening hours. Highs are around 90 degrees again on Saturday with winds from the southwest around 10 mph. In the afternoon, the chance of showers and storms is around 40 percent, but that potential picks up to 70 percent in the late afternoon and evening as a cold front pushes through our very damp, Mid-Atlantic air. Post-front, overnight lows will bottom out in the upper 60s in the city, and in the lower to mid-60s in the cooler suburbs.
Sunday: Showers could linger into the morning hours on Sunday, but should clear out by the afternoon. Highs are in the upper 70s as dew points begin to take a plunge into the 50s, leading to lower humidity. Skies will be partly to mostly cloudy, with winds out of the north around 10 mph.

No pressure on Serbia to join EU s Russian sanctionsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Weekly: Broader markets gain even as Nifty snaps winning streakJinsy Mathew |  Mumbai Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 09:20 PM IST
Markets continue to gain for fourth straight week
BHEL, Tata Motors, HDFC, Hindalco and ITC were the top losers; consumer durables, capital goods, IT and health care indices gained
Markets edged higher for the fourth consecutive week, though the benchmark indices closed in the red through the last two trading sessions, retreating from record highs amid profit booking. The markets snapped their intra-week winning streak after foreign investors sold index futures worth Rs 591 crore ($97.9 million) and stock futures worth Rs 677 crore on Thursday, exchange data showed.
During the week, crude oil prices fell. This is good news for India, as a lower crude oil price will help address fiscal woes and narrow the country’s current account deficit.
For the week, the 30-share Sensex gained 289 points, or 1.46 per cent, to close at 27,027, while the 50-share Nifty added 132 points, or 1.67 per cent, to close the week at 8, 087. Broader markets continued to attract sizeable investments through the week. The mid-cap index rose four per cent, while the small-cap index gained 3.5 per cent, continuing their outperforming trend.
During the week, the European Central Bank (ECB), at a governing council meeting in Frankfurt, reduced all three of its primary interest rates by 10 basis points. Vinod Nair, head (fundamental research), Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services Ltd, said ECB’s new stimulus measures would benefit equity markets across the world, especially emerging markets. Considering the improvement of India’s fundamentals relative to emerging markets, the markets here would benefit from the stimulus, he added.
The rupee, which closed at 60.39 a dollar, recorded its fifth consecutive weekly rise.
Sectors and stocks
On a weekly basis, the only pocket of disappointment among the BSE sectoral indices was the FMCG (fast-moving consumer goods) index, which fell 0.6 per cent.
The consumer durables, capital goods, information technology and health care indices were the top gainers, rising three-five per cent.
During the week, banking and automobile stocks underperformed, with gains of a per cent each. In the previous week, these were among the top gainers.
Among Sensex stocks, Cipla gained the most, rising eight per cent after the launch of anti-asthma metered dose inhalers in Germany and Sweden. Bharti Airtel was the other major gainer, up eight per cent after the company said its subsidiary had signed an agreement to acquire over 2.7 million subscribers of yuMobile.
Hero MotoCorp, Larsen & Tubro and Axis Bank, up five-six per cent, were the other notable gainers.
FMCG major ITC and HUL ended down one per cent each. Metal majors Tata Steel and Hindalco slipped 0.1 per cent and 1.4 per cent, respectively. ICICI Bank, HDFC and Bhel, down 0.5-seven per cent, rounded off the list of losers.
Week ahead
Power and metal shares will be in the spotlight, ahead of the Supreme Court’s decision on coal block allocations during 1993-2010, scheduled for Tuesday.
Investors are likely to focus on consumer price inflation for August and data on the Index of Industrial Production for July, due on Friday. Also, the markets will take cues from their global counterparts reacting to the US jobs data, to be released after market hours on Friday.
Oil prices, at about a 14-month low, will be tracked closely. Any further correction will be an added positive for Indian markets. Geopolitical risks will continue to weigh on market sentiment.
 Advertisements

First impressions review: Samsung Galaxy Note 4  Galaxy Note EdgeUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New York: After years of promoting its phones as "the next big thing," Samsung is realising that bigger isn't necessarily better.
Two new Galaxy Note smartphones from Samsung are about the same size as last year's Note 3. What's different: A side screen on one of them and sharper cameras on both. The devices won't start selling until October or later, and their prices haven't been announced yet.
Based on about an hour with these new phones at a Samsung event in New York, I find them impressive. But whether that's enough to win over potential iPhone customers will depend on what app developers do with these new features.
The Note phones borrow some concepts from personal computers. The button on the included stylus will act like the mouse button on PCs.
There's speculation Apple will unveil the iPhone 6 in two sizes next week, with the larger one at 5.5 inches. If that's the case, Samsung loses much of its size advantage and will have to make a compelling case for these other features.
Samsung's Galaxy Note phones have always been too big for me, but I know some people prefer larger screens because text is easier to read and video is easier to watch.
The new Note 4 is a successor to last year's Note 3 and retains its 5.7-inch screen. The Note Edge's screen is 5.6 inches and extends over the right edge and curves toward the back, creating a second display on the side.
The side display is my favourite of the new phone features. It can show weather and time while the phone is laid on a table or nightstand. You can add icons for quick access to apps you use frequently, such as Gmail or Netflix.
You also get a panel of tools such as the flashlight. This panel is something Apple's iPhones have had for a year, and I'm glad to finally see it on an Android phone.
But it's too early to tell whether this side screen will ultimately be essential or merely a gimmick. Seeing weather and time on the side while in bed is neat, but I could simply grab the phone and check the home screen. I do that all the time when texts come in and the alarm clock rings.
It will take app developers - at Samsung and elsewhere - to invent new uses for that side screen. Their willingness to spend time on that could depend on how many people buy Edge phones, and how many people buy Edge phones could depend on what app developers do with it. See the quandary?
Both phones have 16-megapixel rear cameras to match that in the 5.1-inch Galaxy S5. The front cameras offer 3.7 megapixels, better than most phones. Software will help more people fit into selfies by stitching together a few side-by-side images. I'm not a big taker of selfies as I look awful in them, but those who take a lot might appreciate this feature and the better front camera.
The Note phones also borrow some concepts from personal computers. The button on the included stylus will act like the mouse button on PCs. There are new ways to resize windows and have multiple apps run side by side on the same screen. This won't work with every app, so its usefulness will depend on how many bother to adopt the feature.

Samsung Galaxy Note 4 to Nokia Lumia 730:  Selfie  phones unveiled at IFA 2014Urgent aid needed. Help Now
Berlin: Visit any tourist destination, and you're bound to see individuals and groups taking photos of themselves for sharing on social media. It's a declaration to the world that they were there.
Pop stars such as Rihanna and Justin Bieber have helped popularise the trend, too, by posting stylised selfies to their leagues of followers. Even politicians are taking selfies with ordinary folks these days as a way of showing how close they are to voters.
So it was only a matter of time before tech companies responded with phones and apps specifically designed to help people take more and better selfies.
Tech companies are coming up with phones and apps specifically designed to help people take more and better selfies.
Several phones unveiled at the IFA tech show in Berlin this week sport higher-resolution front cameras, so selfies will come out sharper. Some even have apps that let you use the rear cameras, too. That means even clearer photos - and the use of the flash, if you need it.
Promoting new phones as the perfect selfie camera is a natural move for manufacturers scrambling to stand out.
"The 'selfie phone' race resembles the megapixel race for cameras on the back of the phone," said Gerrit Schneemann, an analyst at research firm IHS. "Handset makers try to satisfy a specific use case by including more powerful features in the front camera."
One of the phones Microsoft announced Thursday, the Lumia 730, has a 5 megapixel front camera and software to help users touch up their image after taking it.
For even better shots, it'll be possible to take selfies with the 6.7 megapixel camera on the rear. Users won't be able to see themselves on the screen, but an app called Lumia Selfie will use face-detection technology and beep to tell users where to hold the camera.
With a starting price of 199 euros ($258) before taxes, the phone is likely to be particularly attractive to younger buyers and aspiring middle classes in developing countries.
It also fits neatly with Microsoft's stated strategy of prioritizing mobile phones and Internet-based services. The phones come with sizeable online storage space on Microsoft's OneDrive, where users can back up their photos or share them with friends.
Microsoft's announcement follows Samsung's new Galaxy Note phones unveiled Wednesday. The Note 4 and the Note Edge come with a special wide-angle option, which allows users to fit more people into their selfies by stitching multiple images together.
The feature could help avoid bloopers such as the time Oscars host Ellen DeGeneres snapped a selfie with Meryl Streep, Brad Pitt and Jennifer Lawrence but cut out Jared Leto, who had just won an Academy Award but was too far over to the side. Coincidentally or not, Samsung was a sponsor of the Academy Awards, and DeGeneres was using a Samsung phone.
Not to be outdone, PC-maker Lenovo launched its Vibe Z2 and Vibe X2 phones, with 8 megapixel and 5 megapixel front cameras, respectively. The phones will also have a feature that triggers the camera to snap the shot by smiling, blinking or making a "V'' gesture.
Taiwanese phone manufacturer HTC also unveiled an 8 megapixel front-facing camera for its new Desire 820 device, while China's Huawei can claim to have pioneered the selfie-phone idea earlier this year when it released the Ascend Mate2 4G. The Mate 2 has a 5 megapixel front camera and a wide-angle option similar to Samsung's.
But some are wondering whether users will really embrace the idea of capturing themselves in high resolution.
"I'm not sure people want selfies to be very sophisticated to start with," said Steve Jones, a professor of communications at the University of Illinois at Chicago. "There's something to be said about having selfies be kind of the modern-day version of the Polaroid - instant, but it has its own look and had its own style."
For users who don't want to send around high-resolution images of themselves without a bit of prior enhancement, Microsoft's selfie app offers tools that let them make tired eyes bigger, whiten their teeth and slim down like airbrushed models on magazine covers.
Meanwhile, LG wants to take selfies to a whole new place. The South Korean consumer electronics firm presented a refrigerator Thursday that can send pictures of its contents to users while they're out shopping.
That's right, your fridge is soon going to be sending you selfies.

7 people die in house collapse due to landslide inUdhampurPress Trust of India | Jammu | Posted: September 6, 2014 12:48 pm
Seven people were killed and a woman was seriously injured in two separate incidents of house collapse due to landslide triggered by heavy rains in Udhampur district of Jammu and Kashmir.
Seven people have died and one woman critically injured in two incidents of house collapse in Udhampur district on Saturday, DIG, Udhampur-Reasi range, Gareeb Dass said.
In the first incident, five members were killed and two went missing when a house collapsed in Rakha Jaganoo area of Ramnagar teshil in Udhampur district, he said, adding two missing are being traced as five bodies have been recovered.
In the second incident, two children died and their mother was critically injured when their house collapsed in Rakh batla belt in Udhampur today, Dass said.
The injured have been hospitalised, he said.
Hundreds of people in migrant colonies have been shifted to safer places after the area was flooded due to heavy downpour.

Pleasant morning greetsDelhiitesPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 12:46 pm
It was a pleasant morning for Delhiites on Saturday after overnight rains lashed the national capital pulling mercury below normal levels.
The city received 10.6 mm of rain in the last 24 hours till 8:30 AM on Saturday.  The weatherman has predicted further rains during the later part of the day.
“The minimum temperature settled at 23.6 degree Celsius which is two notches below normal while the maximum is expected to hover around 31 degree Celsius,” a MeT department official said.
The continuous rains in the city during the last couple of days have caused humidity to remain on the higher side. In the last 24 hours, the humidity levels oscillated between 74 to 95 per cent.
“It will be a generally cloudy sky today while light rains or thundershowers may occur in some areas toward evening,” the official said.
On Friday , the maximum temperature was recorded at 30.3 degree Celsius, which was four notches below normal while the minimum temperature settled at 25.1 degree Celsius, one point below normal.

Neymar makes stunning comeback  guides Brazil to 1-0winrazil striker Neymar Junior (10) kicks the game winning goal against Columbia in the second half at Sun Life Stadium. (Source: Reuters)
Reuters | Miami | Posted: September 6, 2014 12:43 pm
A superb 83rd minute free-kick from captain Neymar gave Brazil a winning start under new coach Dunga as they beat Colombia 1-0 in a fiercely contested friendly on Friday.
It will take more than a win of this nature, against a team reduced to ten men for the last 41 minutes, to put the harrowing 7-1 loss World Cup semi-final loss to Germany out of Brazil’s minds but Dunga said the win was a confidence booster.
“It is always good to win, especially with the criticism after the World Cup, some of which was very strong,” said Dunga who is in his second spell as Brazil coach after taking over from Luiz Felipe Scolari.
“This will help the players to regain self-esteem and confidence. I told them that they are here because they are the best and they have dreamt their whole life to be here. They should not be afraid and just have to go out there and play,” added the captain of the 1994 World Cup winning team.
Colombia midfielder Juan Cuadrado was sent off in the 49th minute following a second yellow card for a foul on Neymar and there was no shortage of effort – or indeed rough challenges – from both teams.
New Manchester United striker Radamel Falcao made his return to the Colombian team for the first time since November as a 77th minute substitute to the delight of the large and loud Colombian contingent in the capacity 73,429 crowd at SunLife stadium.
“He wasn’t really able to play more than those minutes,” said Colombia coach Jose Pekerman.
“After such a complicated week with all the stress of his move to Manchester United, it would have been a risk to play him more minutes especially ahead of a season where he is going to have a lot of tough games with a new club, with a lot of responsibility.
“But the few minutes he did have were important and he was even close to the goal. He gives this team a lot, they are confident with him and he gives us different options.”.
The game marked the start of the new four year cycle for both countries as they begin to look to the 2018 World Cup in Russia but the impact of this year’s tournament in Brazil was clearly still fresh.
Colombia’s last outing was their infamous 2-1 defeat to Brazil in the World Cup quarter-finals – a match which saw Neymar suffer a tournament ending injury after a knee in the back from Camilo Zuniga.
Zuniga, who became a hate figure in Brazil, and Neymar captained their respective teams and in a public display of reconciliation, they hugged each other on the field shortly before kick-off.
Despite that gesture Neymar continued…

Lego Overtakes Barbie in Half Yearly SalesYou are here: Home Corporates
Lego Overtakes Barbie Maker Mattel in Half Yearly Sales
Agence France Presse | Updated On: September 06, 2014 12:01 (IST)
Copenhagen: Danish toy maker Lego has taken the top spot as the world's biggest maker of toys by sales, overtaking Barbie doll-maker Mattel, its first half results showed.
First-half sales rose 11.0 per cent to 11.5 billion kroner ($2.03 billion or Rs 12,180 crore).
Performance was boosted by the Lego Movie product line which was launched together with the group's eponymous feature film earlier this year.
"It is too early to say if the strong performance will be reflected in the full year results," chief financial officer John Goodwin said in a statement.
"The majority of Lego sales to consumers happen in the second half of the calendar year in a short time span of a few weeks leading up to the holiday season."
Net profit rose 14 per cent to 2.7 billion kroner, also putting it ahead of Mattel, which reported disappointing first-half results in July as sales of Barbie continued to decline.
Mattel bought Canadian Lego rival Mega Brands - which makes plastic building blocks directly in competition with the Danish group's products - for $460 million in February.
Lego is looking to grow in Asia, where sales are relatively small compared to sales in the mature markets of Europe and North America.
"China saw the most significant growth in consumer sales in the region by more than 50 per cent," the company said.
Story first published on: September 06, 2014 11:16 (IST)

Post the Mumbai-Brussels flight incident  DGCA takes action against 140 jet airlines pilotsUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: In a big blow to the Jet Airways, Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) on Saturday has taken action against 140 Jet Airways pilots and issued show cause notice to 131 of them for flying without clearing the bi-annual pilot proficiency check (PPC), which is a mandatory exam.
The DGCA has asked why the licences of these pilots should not be cancelled. The DGCA has also asked the airline to remove its Chief of Training citing lack of supervision of flight crew.
The DGCA carried out a training audit after a Mumbai to Brussels Jet Airways flight dropped 5,000 feet in the Ankara airspace over Turkey as the pilot fell asleep and the co-pilot was busy on her iPad.
Jet Airways said that they have not yet received any directive from the DGCA.
But in a statement, the airline said, "We are confident that our training meets all DGCA and International Standards and that we will be able to resolve any discrepancies or address any observations."
Jet Airways has been given two weeks time to respond to the notice.

IBM hires more in US than India amid visa worriesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

iBall partners Intel  Microsoft for Rs 16 999 tabletApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

J&K floods: Army launches operation to rescue 9 jawans after boat capsizes; Rajnath Singh monitorssituationPrint
A flood-affected villager being rescued using a rope by the army at Thanamandi village of Rajouri on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Mir Ehsan | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 1:07 pm | Updated: September 6, 2014 2:12 pm
The Army has launched a rescue operation in South Kashmir’s Pulwama area to rescue nine army personnel who got stuck in floods after their boat capsized.
The incident took place in Pulwama area where several villages are flooded. Army’s rescue team moving in a boat capsized due to fast currents. While two soldiers have been rescued, nine others are inside the water some distance away.
Army spokesman told The Indian Express that 11 soldiers were moving in a boat that capsized. “Two of them have been moved to safer places while 9 are struck and efforts are being made to rescue them.”
Army has launched operation Sathaya – (Help) for flood affected people across the state and pressed 73 columns into operation. In the past two days, Army has rescued 5000 people in different parts of the Valley.
Meanwhile, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Saturday arrived in Srinagar to monitor the flood situation in the Valley. Around 100 people lost their lives and thousands were displaced due to nature’s fury across the state.
The Home Minister was scheduled to go for an aerial survey of the flood affected villages of the Valley, but due to bad weather, his helicopter could not take off from the airport.
Singh had a meeting with Chief Minister Omar Abdullah where both discussed steps to meet the situation arising out of the worst floods in the state in six decades.
After briefing the Home Minister, Omar himself drove Singh through the Srinagar city which is witnessing heavy rainfall since morning.
Home Minister was scheduled to have an aerial survey of the flood affected villages of the Valley, but due to bad weather, helicopter of Home Minister could not take off from the airport.
Singh along with Chief Minister Omar Abdullah will now visit the flood affected areas of the city and later hold a meeting with the J&K chief minister.
Flood situation has worsened in the last few days in Jammu and Kashmir where several rivers have been flowing above
the danger mark and most parts of south Kashmir, including Pulwama, Anantnag and Kulgam district have been submerged.
The water level in Rambiara stream in Shopian district was also seen rising fast. Flood situation in Rajouri, Reasi and Udhampur districts continues to be grim.
The Home Minister is also accompanied by Secretary (Border Management) Snehlata Kumar and Additional Director General of National Disaster Response Force (NDRF).
(With inputs from PTI)

IPL helps understanding cricket from different perspective: PietersenTwenty20
Maverick Kevin Pietersen said his efforts to get his countrymen to play in the Indian Premier League (IPL) have fallen on “deaf ears”.
England’s problems were compounded by a 1-3 defeat to India in the just-concluded ODI series, which has left a huge question mark about their plans ahead of next year’s World Cup.
“Looking into the future, until we let our young players appear in the IPL we can forget about the shorter form of the game. I have tried for years to get England players playing in the IPL but it has fallen on deaf ears,” Pietersen wrote in his column in the ‘Daily Telegraph’.
The 34-year-old England star, whose contract was torn up some time back ending his national career prematurely, added: “English cricket’s view is that if you play in the IPL you are a mercenary. But in the IPL guys learn to hit sixes. They learn that any target is gettable. The bowlers learn variations and different tricks. They learn new tactics from opposition players and guys in their own teams.”
Pietersen said the cash-rich league helps in understanding the sport from a different perspective.
“They build friendships with players from around the world and understand cricket from a totally different perspective. England is the only country where the players have no idea what is going on in the rest of the world.”
Pietersen believed the experience of playing in IPL has made young Indian batsmen battle-ready to face the best bowlers in the world.
“This young Indian side has been brought up in the IPL. These young kids are hitting guys like Dale Steyn, Mitchell Johnson and Morne Morkel for sixes day in, day out in the IPL. When they get to face guys like James Anderson and Stuart Broad in ODI cricket do you think they are scared or worried? Of course not, because they have attacked the best in the world playing in the IPL.”
“Going forward we need players who are confident in the knowledge they have whacked these guys around in other tournaments. If that happens, they then go out and play international cricket and face the best bowlers in the world with more confidence.”
The batsman though felt England still have enough talent in their ranks to make a decent team for the ODI World Cup.
“England actually has the core of a decent World Cup side already. It would just take three or four changes which, if made now, could make the difference,” he said.

Boat carrying Army jawans capsizes in flood-hit J&KUpdated: September 6, 2014 19:11 IST
Boat carrying soldiers capsizes in J&K, seven rescued
PTI
Tweet
PTI In this September 4, 2014 photo, policemen shift flood-affected people to safer places in Pulwama district of Jammu and Kashmir. Seven Army personnel trapped in strong water currents of the Jhelum in the district were rescued on Saturday as their boat capsized during rescue operations.
An ambulance submerged by flood water in Srinagar. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
SLIDESHOW
flood
Seven of the nine Army personnel trapped in strong water currents of Jhelum River in flood-affected Pulwama district were rescued on Saturday, while two others are still trapped in flood waters, an Army official said.
“Seven of the trapped personnel were rescued and evacuated to safety, while efforts are on to save the lives of two other soldiers,” the official said.
A boat carrying a team of Army personnel, who were on relief and rescue operation in Pamopore area of Pulwama district, capsized and the personnel were trapped in strong water currents in Jhelum River, the official said.
While 11 personnel managed to come back to safety, nine personnel got trapped, following which two helicopters were pressed into service to airlift the trapped personnel.
However, due to technical difficulties the choppers could not reach the trapped soldiers after which the rescue teams used boats to evacuate the seven soldiers, the official said.
The flood situation in Kashmir was as worse as the Uttarakhand floods last year and Army has mobilised 60 columns for relief and rescue work across the valley, he said.
“Despite facing danger to personal safety, the Army personnel are out there to provide relief to the civilian population of Kashmir,” he said.
More than 5,000 persons have been rescued and evacuated to safety.
“We have set up temporary camps at several places for the displaced persons,” he added.

Laurel Energetics buys 3cr shares of Indiabulls InfraSep 06, 2014, 01.20 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Laurel Energetics buys 3cr shares of Indiabulls Infra
On September 05, 2014 Laurel Energetics Private Limited bought 3,05,71,519 shares of Indiabulls Infrastructure and Power at Rs 4.65.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Laurel Energetics buys 3cr shares of Indiabulls Infra
On September 05, 2014 Laurel Energetics Private Limited bought 3,05,71,519 shares of Indiabulls Infrastructure and Power at Rs 4.65.
Post your opinion here
 
On September 05, 2014 Punarvasu Builders And Developers Private Limited sold 2,88,01,519 shares of  Indiabulls Infrastructure and Power at Rs 4.65 on the NSE.
However, Laurel Energetics Private Limited bought 3,05,71,519 shares at Rs 4.65. 
In the previous trading session, the share closed at Rs 4.64, down Rs 0.02, or 0.43 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 7.42 and 52-week low Rs 2.49 on 02 July, 2014 and 10 September, 2013, respectively.
 

Nomura Singapore buys 48 lakh shares of Era Infra EngSep 06, 2014, 01.17 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nomura Singapore buys 48 lakh shares of Era Infra Eng
On September 05, 2014 Nomura Singapore Limited bought 48,00,386 shares of Era Infra Engineering.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nomura Singapore buys 48 lakh shares of Era Infra Eng
On September 05, 2014 Nomura Singapore Limited bought 48,00,386 shares of Era Infra Engineering.
Post your opinion here
 
On September 05, 2014 Citigroup Global Markets Mauritius Private Limited sold 48,00,386 shares of  Era Infra Engineering at Rs 17.20 on the BSE.
However, Nomura Singapore Limited bought 48,00,386 shares at Rs 17.20.
In the previous trading session, the share closed at Rs 18.20, up Rs 0.85, or 4.90 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 151.10 and 52-week low Rs 12.20 on 06 September, 2013 and 03 March, 2014, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

Amazons retail practices under investigationThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Goldwon Textiles to hold AGMThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Despite LG s nod  BJP may struggle for numbers to form govt in DelhiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sushma Swaraj to begin two-day visit to Bahrain from todayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Cipla to buy two units in Goa  Maharashtra for Rs 100 crThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Natco s US partner Breckenridge files ANDA for everolimusThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

PEARL Polymers appoints Ashish Harish Bhuva as additional directorSep 06, 2014, 01.57 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
PEARL Polymers appoints Ashish Harish Bhuva as additional director
PEARL Polymers Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 01, 2014, appointed Mr. Ashish Harish Bhuva as an Additional Director (Independent Director) on the Board of the Company with effect from September 01, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
PEARL Polymers appoints Ashish Harish Bhuva as additional director
PEARL Polymers Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 01, 2014, appointed Mr. Ashish Harish Bhuva as an Additional Director (Independent Director) on the Board of the Company with effect from September 01, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
PEARL Polymers Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 01, 2014, appointed:1. Mr. Ashish Harish Bhuva as an Additional Director (Independent Director) on the Board of the Company with effect from September 01, 2014; and2. Mr. Ramesh Mehra, an Existing Independent Director, as an Executive Director of the Company with effect from September 01, 2014.Source : BSE

Shilp Gravures: Outcome of AGMSep 06, 2014, 01.56 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Shilp Gravures: Outcome of AGM
Shilp Gravures Ltd has informed BSE that the 21st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 03, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Shilp Gravures: Outcome of AGM
Shilp Gravures Ltd has informed BSE that the 21st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 03, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Shilp Gravures Ltd has informed BSE that the 21st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 03, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

HBL Power Systems extends its AGM dateSep 06, 2014, 01.56 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
HBL Power Systems extends its AGM date
HBL Power Systems Ltd has informed BSE that the Registrar of Companies, Andhra Pradesh / Telangana States had accorded its approval on the application of the Company for extension of time for holding the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2014 by 3 (three) months in view of Directors travel abroad for business
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
HBL Power Systems extends its AGM date
HBL Power Systems Ltd has informed BSE that the Registrar of Companies, Andhra Pradesh / Telangana States had accorded its approval on the application of the Company for extension of time for holding the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2014 by 3 (three) months in view of Directors travel abroad for business
Post your opinion here
 
HBL Power Systems Ltd has informed BSE that the Registrar of Companies, Andhra Pradesh / Telangana States had accorded its approval on the application of the Company for extension of time for holding the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2014 by 3 (three) months in view of Directors travel abroad for business purposes.Source : BSE

Dear pratik idbi is not suitable for investors as of now. this stock i...Platinum Member
402 Followers
@Boarders On long term charts and with facts and figures JPA is in long term bearish trend as of now.
As we have said that it will make new 52 week’s low in my previous post in this thread so it has done
With it on 5th Sep 2014.
CMP of JPA :- 33.90
Technically above 41.20 we may see very short term trend reversal and above 48.50 will be considered
as bullish for short term buy only for targets 54, 61. Coming Monday will be a watch-ful day to see.
Our short term downward targets are intact i.e. 25, 27 on cards. Strong support is 31.10. The Stock
below 41.20 will be sell on  its rise with caution.
Here I want to add that take your own decision about buying JPA at current levels also.
Those who are recommending on boards to buy at these levels are either struck at higher levels and want to exit on its bounce of stock.  We have seen in the past as well this stock has the tendency of  small  Hiccups and than Vomit.
The stock has not shown as of now any strong trend reversal signal on charts as well .
Even it will take   some more time to settle down, it looks like that.
So my suggestion would be to avoid it as of now. Don`t average it out at current price level also those  Who are struck at higher levels.
Thanks, BBH!

***** ***** ***** dear morning star 5 star rat...I doubt the possibility of declaring the promoter as a willful defaulter so soon.
1. they have to prove that he/they had the resources to pay.
2. as of now they have not defaulted on payment. In other words, their loans have not turned bad loans(thanks to bribery).
However, the bribery is a separate case which does not warrant punishment for the entire company as of now. Since the operations are on(I think), banks will rather look to it(to support) as a going concern. Even if they want to encash the pledged shares, common sense tells us that they should attempt such a thing gradually rather than suddenly.
My call is it will touch 180 at least before falling again.
In reply to : nsnaresh1 message
2.56 PM Sep 6th

No funds bro..yup..i did congratulate yu again after q1 results when t...0 Follower
Anand ji,
I have Shilpi cables @ 110% profit, welspun @ 50%, Shakti pumps @ 50% in my portfolio as per your earlier advice.These constitute 50% of my investment
Thanks a a lot for such wonderful advice.
However I also have Ahmednagar forge @20%, Heg @10% profit, Trident and united bank @ low profits and ARSS infra which are moving slowly. Also I did not see your recommendations in these stocks. Hence my query. Do you suggest to keep these stocks? Or is it better move funds to other fast moving shares. I am looking for around 6 months horizon. Please please reply to this message.

I suggest to dii  fii  mutual funds banks lic uti  etc to buy this sha...Gold Member
51 Followers
I suggest to DII, FII, Mutual Funds,Banks LIC,UTI, etc to buy this share,after your investment commeeties study fundamentals of the co,future programme of the co in view of India going Digital,also take
experts advice and then invest in the co,if public money is likely to triple about in a year,your NAV will
be much better & investors confidiance will increase in you,If NAV is at par or little more no one will like
to invest with you

Fund raising via preferential allotment drops 34%Apple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Private Job Growth Slows  But Still Over 200K
Editorial: Unmade in IndiaApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Love Jihad  and religious conversion polarise in Narendra Modi s IndiaApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Jaypee-Reliance Power exclusivity pact likely to be extendedApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Huawei unveils phone with sapphire glass  finger-sensorApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Wipro wins IT services contract from Philip Morris InternationalApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Sunglasses may decrease risk of common eye diseaseApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

The worst of the NPA crisis may not be over yetSep 05, 2014, 03.18 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
The worst of the NPA crisis may not be over yet
The percentage of gross non performing assets (GNPAs) for the banking sector is expected to worsen from 3.9 percent of advances in financial year 2013-14 to about 4-4.2 percent in 2014-15, according a report by ICRA.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
The worst of the NPA crisis may not be over yet
The percentage of gross non performing assets (GNPAs) for the banking sector is expected to worsen from 3.9 percent of advances in financial year 2013-14 to about 4-4.2 percent in 2014-15, according a report by ICRA.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
The percentage of gross non performing assets (GNPAs) for the banking sector is expected to worsen from 3.9 percent of advances in financial year 2013-14 to about 4-4.2 percent in 2014-15, according a report by ICRA.
The report analyzed the performance of the 26 public-sector (PSBs) and 15 private-sector banks, which together account for 90 percent of the credit portfolio of all commercial banks in India, for the June quarter and presented the outlook for the full year.
Asset quality pressures continued to take a toll of banks’ performance during the first quarter. The rate of generation of fresh non-performing assets (NPAs) too remained elevated for PSBs (3.5 percent), and as result, their gross NPAs increased by 20 basis points (bps) to 4.6 percent in Q1. The NPAs of private banks also increased by 20 basis points to 2.0 percent for the same quarter,” ICRA said.
However, it added that there was a significant drop in fresh referrals to the corporate debt restructuring cell. “If the current trend were to continue, one may expect some containment of the standard restructured book,” it said.
Overall, the gross NPA percentage plus 30 percent of standard restructured advances remains large at 5.5-5.7 percent (around Rs 3.5-3.7 trillion as of June 2014) and may continue to impact profitability over the short term, according to ICRA.
Going forward, in addition to economic activity, management on large steel exposure (0.6 percent of banking credit), the Supreme Court’s decision on coal blocks, and deleveraging efforts by large corporate groups, among other factors, could shape the asset quality profile of banks.
Sale of NPAs to asset reconstruction companies (ARCs) has also influenced the reported Gross NPA percentage -- the gross NPA percentage would have been higher by 20-30 bps if there were no sales to ARCs in FY2014, ICRA said. “However, the sale of NPAs is expected to decline in the rest of FY2015 with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) now prescribing that ARCs must invest and hold 15 percent in security receipts (SRs) as against 5 percent earlier.”
Going forward, ICRA expects PSBs’ gross NPAs to be at 4.4-4.7 percent as on March 31, 2015, as against 4.4 percent as on March 31, 2014 and 4.6 percent as on June 30, 2014. “Overall, the gross NPAs of the banking sector (PSBs + private banks) could be at 4-4.2 percent as on March 2015, as against 3.9 percent as on March 2014 and 4.0 percent as on June.”
RELATED NEWS

 Sahara Seeks More Time to Seal Rs 1 800-Cr DealYou are here: Home Corporates
Sahara Seeks More Time to Seal Rs 1,800 Crore Property Deal
NDTV | Reported By: A Vaidyanathan | Updated On: September 05, 2014 12:08 (IST)
Jack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
Sahara chief Subrata Roy today moved Supreme Court seeking more time for negotiations to sell properties. Sahara chief's lawyer told the top court that he needs ten more days as the negotiations are in crucial stage and likely to get fetch around Rs 1,800 crore.
The Supreme Court had earlier allowed Sahara chief to use the conference hall in Tihar jail premises for negotiations till September 9. The top court said it may take up the case on September 8.
Mr Roy was initially given 10 days by the Supreme Court to talk to potential bidders for three hotels, including Grosvenor House in London and the New York Plaza, to raise Rs 10,000 crore for bail. Thereafter, the court had extended his stay at the high-tech office in Tihar jail premises by 15 days on his request.
Mr Roy has been given an office with 600 sq ft of space inside New Delhi's Tihar jail complex, where he can hold video conferences, use computers and receive visitors to try to sell or mortgage the hotels.
Mr Roy was jailed in March after he failed to appear at a contempt hearing in the long-running dispute with the capital markets watchdog Sebi (Securities and Exchange Board of India) over the company's failure to repay crores to investors who were sold outlawed bonds.
He is yet to be charged over the dispute and denies any wrongdoing. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 12:08 (IST)

Wilful Defaulter Tag a Powerful Weapon for Creditors: RajanGovernment Says Not Considering Immediate Gold Import Duty Cut
Mumbai: Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan has said the wilful defaulter tag is a powerful weapon in the hands of lenders for resolving bad loans.
His comments come days after state-run United Bank of India declared industrialist Vijay Mallya as a "wilful defaulter".
"The wilful defaulter tag is a powerful weapon in the hands of creditors for resolving distressed assets. It shuts out access to credit within the Indian financial system for a borrower," Mr Rajan said without naming Mallya.
He was speaking at an event organised by American bank Citi at Boston last night. The comments come from a note circulated by the event organiser.
Mr Mallya, whose Kingfisher Airlines owes money to several banks, had on Thursday said he would challenge UBI's decision to declare him a wilful defaulter.
Mr Mallya is the chairman of United Breweries, producer of India's best-selling beer brand Kingfisher. He is also the chairman of United Spirits, which is now controlled by Diageo Plc.
Besides United Bank of India, Kingfisher owes about Rs 9,140 crore to about a dozen lenders. Of them, IDBI Bank is considering declaring Mr Mallya a wilful defaulter and is serving out its 15-day notice period on non-payment of dues.
Kingfisher owes Rs 750 crore to IDBI Bank.
Indian banks' gross NPAs touched 4.6 per cent in June 2014, according to rating agency Icra.
Mr Rajan said that even though gross NPAs and restructured assets are at 10 per cent of the total assets, there are some signs of this stress easing in the last few quarters as project approvals have been fast-tracked and levels of stalled projects have started to decline.
"The sectors which have been impacted the most could see NPAs easing as growth returns," he was quoted as saying.
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 21:43 (IST)

Modi charms young IndiaTweet
New Delhi, September 5:  
Despite the controversy that erupted around the method adopted to ensure student participation in schools for his address on Teachers’ Day, the atmosphere at Manekshaw Centre here was anything but negative when Prime Minister Narendra Modi took centre-stage on Friday.
In his address, Modi underlined the importance of a teacher in society.
To a question from a student from Imphal, Manipur, on how he (the student) could become the Prime Minister, Modi, speaking in a lighter vein, said: “Start preparing for the 2024 elections ... and it also means till then I do not have any threat.
“India is a democracy and anybody can become the prime minister.
“Yes, when you are taking oath as the prime minister, do call me for the ceremony.”
His interaction with students from other locations took place through video-conferencing.
Study, play, act
The Prime Minister spoke on a range of issues, encouraging students to save electricity, participate in sports activities, keep schools clean and read books outside their curriculum.
He also asked teachers to master technology in the effort to move towards a ‘Digital India’.
He said that a discussion was important on why India, a young country, cannot produce great teachers and export them worldwide. Nation building needs to be integrated in the education system, Modi said.
Breaking protocol, Modi, after the question and answer session with the students, also walked up to them and chatted.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Reflections on Teachers  DayGeetanjali Krishna |  Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 09:56 PM IST
Geetanjali Krishna: Reflections on Teachers' Day
On Teachers' Day, September 5, I spent the morning reflecting upon all the teachers who'd shaped my life
On Teachers' Day, September 5, I spent the morning reflecting upon all the teachers who'd shaped my life. But then, Seema came along and gave me a reality check on teachers and education.
Seema is one of the hardest workers I've met. Her husband has a roadside eatery for which she cooks every morning. Then she leaves home to cook for three families in the neighbourhood. "My husband and I've always believed that our illiteracy has been the reason why we haven't been able to rise in life," she said. "That is why we've worked so hard to ensure that our son and daughter study and make something of themselves!" It was her son, however, who was giving her sleepless nights these days.
"He passed Class XII this year with barely 40 per cent marks," she said. "We were disappointed with his poor marks, but resigned. Being unlettered, we couldn't give him the support he needed. How could we blame him?" She blamed her son's schoolteachers instead. "In government schools, teachers hardly teach. Some of them actually suggest that if students really want to learn something, they should join their private tuition classes!" she said. Further, in the crucial classes of XI and XII, Seema said that her son barely got any career guidance from his school or his teachers. "Consequently, he ended up missing the dates of entrance examinations and form submissions," she says. Bereft of guidance, he ended up relying on the internet to enroll for a BA course by correspondence. "We were very clear that he had to study further to get ahead in life," she said. "We didn't want him to take up a job like the other kids in his school!"
A few days ago, her son told her that since correspondence college gave him so much free time, he wanted to take up a part time job as a pizza delivery boy. He'd been offered a job for Rs 7,000 per month, he told them proudly. Seema and her husband weren't exactly thrilled at the idea. "We asked him to focus on his studies instead. He left the house in a huff, saying that we didn't understand him at all..." she recounted. Seema fears that her son will end up on the same path that her husband and she are on. "Pizza delivery seems fancy and modern to him, but in reality it is a menial job. I'm afraid that once he takes up something like this, he won't study at all. And soon, he'll become like us, putting an end to all the dreams we'd dreamed for him..." she says.
Her son is still giving her the classic silent treatment, she says. And all she can do is silently rail against a system that has failed her. "He did not receive the education or guidance from teachers that our prime minister has said all Indian children deserve," she says. "His teachers failed him! And now he's passed with such a low percentage - he has few career choices but a lot of aspirations..."
After she left, my eye fell upon an article in the newspaper criticising the prime minister's decision to speak to students across India on the occasion of Teachers' Day. The writer said it was great that Narendra Modi wanted to connect with students, but questioned his choosing the occasion of Teachers' Day to do this. It seemed like nit-picking to me, a criticism for the sake of criticism. Thinking of Seema and her son, the question that came to my mind was a more basic one - why do we as a nation glorify our teachers great and small, but fail to ensure the quality of education they provide?
 Advertisements

We gave away too many wickets: MS DhoniChasing a stiff total, India lost early wickets. The first one in the very first over of the chase (Source: Reuters)
Press Trust of India | Leeds | Posted: September 5, 2014 11:22 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 11:30 pm
India skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni says the target England set for them was very much achievable but soft dismissals scuttled their chances in the fifth One-dayer.
Dhoni himself was guilty of gifting away his wicket when he chased a wide delivery from Ben Stokes and handed an easy catch to Steven Finn.
India were all out for 253 in a chase of 275.
“We gave away too many wickets, quite a lot of soft dismissals, and because of that we were not able to chase the runs. Shikhar, Ambati, myself, we should not have lost those wickets, in the last ten overs we can get those runs but we lost soft dismissals,” Dhoni said at the post-match presentation.
Dhoni reiterated that Indian bowlers need to do better in the death overs.
“We need to improve our slog, the last ten overs with the bowling, Shami has done a good job but other fast bowlers need to step up. We don’t want to concede so many we can’t chase them down,” he said.
The Indian skipper said keeping everyone fit was the “most difficult thing ” on this tour.
“England tour has been 77 days, then we go to Australia before the World Cup, so it will be important to stay fresh.”
India’s Suresh Raina was named Man-of-the-Series for his terrific run spree in the series
“It was good, I’ve worked hard on my batting, watching the Tests on TV. We got the belief in the one-dayers. I worked hard on the mental side and my fitness. Looking to bat positive, the circumstances and who you are batting with.
“The World Cup is around the corner, we need to stay positive. We’ve worked hard on our game and this group has won us the series. The fielding creates a positive environment in the circle and that has been important.”
England captain Alastair Cook was a relieved man after the win as he was under fire for England’s pathetic show in the One-day series.
“That’s a far better performance, and that’s what we can play like. It’s frustrating not to play like that before. Joe showed what he can do and that’s what we’ve been missing in our batting. We’ve got a lot of 20s and 30s, the first time a guy goes on and gets a hundred we have a better chance,” Cook said.
“You saw how hard it was to chase down 300. We just played better, we didn’t want to lose 4-0. In the first game, we were 50 for 0 off nine overs, but we needed to build more big partnerships. They were two down by the first ten and we were ahead of the game. This is the first time we’ve got a massive chunk of one-day cricket and we can focus on that,” he added.
The England skipper hoped that their run up to the next year’s World Cup would be perfect.
“We’ve got a bit of a break, then continued…

2G: CBI moves SC to lodge perjury case against general secy of NGOApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

SpiceJet  AirAsia ready with discounts for light travellers; await govt nodBS Reporters |  Mumbai/ New Delhi Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 11:59 PM IST
SpiceJet, AirAsia await govt nod on discounts for light travellers
Some airline sources, however, fear it will reduce overall yields
Low-cost carrier SpiceJet is ready to offer discounts to passengers who travel without check-in baggage as soon as the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) clears a proposal.
SpiceJet Chief Operating Officer Sanjiv Kapoor said the move will encourage passengers to travel light and help reduce fuel burn.
The proposal of the DGCA has also found a taker in AirAsia, which had in fact asked for permission to do so when it had started operations. Mittu Chandilya, chief executive officer (CEO) of AirAsia India, said, "We are excited about this and have always advocated the unbundling of fares and being transparent with all charges against each service and product. We have been sharing how this actually works to give passengers more choices and flexibility and so are happy to see this proposal"
The civil aviation regulator is considering allowing airlines to offer discounts to passengers without check-in baggages as this would benefit both parties.
"SpiceJet would be keen to implement as soon as possible once this is permitted as this is commonly practiced by low-cost airlines all over the world and encourages customers to travel light in an an era of extremely high fuel costs,'' said SpiceJet's Kapoor. He said that the idea was to charge passengers for services which are availed by them.  British Airways offers hand baggage-only fare on its short-haul routes and this seems to be popular, Kapoor added.
Sources from other private airlines, however, feel that such discounts may actually further reduce fares for corporate customers who typically travel without baggage and not benefit leisure travellers. According to industry estimates, as much as 40 per cent to 45 per cent of passengers travel with no check-in baggage and this could be a large financial burden on airlines. Until, of course, they neutralise the impact by charging more from passengers with check-in baggage or reduce the 15-kg baggage allowance.
Airlines have been clamouring for the unbundling of fares so that these can increase their yields. The government has given some leeway like allowing these to charge extra on priority seating and seat of choice, among others. Ancillary revenues currently constitute only two per cent to five per cent of overall revenues.
LIGHTENING UP
The civil aviation regulator is considering allowing airlines to offer discounts to passengers without check-in baggage as this would be a win-win to both parties
 
Sources from other private airlines, however, feel that such discounts may actually further reduce rates for corporate customers who typically travel without baggage and not benefit leisure travellers
 Advertisements

MFIs told to bring customers for Jan Dhan YojanaNamrata Acharya |  Kolkata Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 12:31 AM IST
MFIs told to bring customers for Jan Dhan Yojana
At present, the MFI industry has nearly 30 million customers, of which not more than 10 per cent have bank accounts
As part of the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana, the government has asked microfinance institutions (MFIs) to facilitate opening of bank accounts by their existing customers.
As a logical step ahead,  MFIs too are deliberating on conducting transactions on a banking platform, rather than physical disbursement of cash.
A handful of MFIs have already started loan disbursals through bank accounts, even though repayment through a bank account remains a challenge for the MFIs.
At Ujjivan, one of the pioneer organisations in conducting micro-lending activities, nearly half of the portfolio is on a banking platform. On a pilot basis, Ujjivan is also experimenting with the mechanism of ECS (Electronic Clearing Services) for collections. In the past two days, under the Jan Dhan Yojna, the MFI helped nearly 2,000 customers open a bank account.
“On a pilot basis, we are experimenting the collections on a ECS platform on nearly 7,000, out of 1.5 million customers,” said Samit Ghosh, founder, Ujjivan.
At present, the MFI industry has nearly 30 million customers, of which not more than 10 per cent have bank accounts.
Equitas, another MFI, has also started disbursing loans through banks. In a short period of nearly seven months, about 35 per cent of the MFI disbursals are done through banks. Over the next few years, the MFI hopes to conduct all the disbursals through banks.
However, according to P N Vasudevan, CEO, founder, Equitas MFI, collections of micro-loans through banks  would be difficult, as the amounts and duration are too small for a banking transaction.
The MFI industry at present has an outstanding portfolio of nearly Rs 21,000 crore, with daily transaction of nearly Rs 100 crore.
Several other MFIs are also experimenting with cash-less transactions in microlending. For example, Janalaskshmi has tied up with DCB (Development Credit Bank) to launch a co-branded prepaid card for disbursal of small loans to its urban clientele.
“For MFIs, nearly 95 per cent borrowers are women. So MFIs can not only facilitate opening bank accounts for women, but also their spouses, which could take the number to nearly 40 million. MFIs can also play other roles in the Jan Dhan Yojna, like doing due diligence for banks in case of overdraft facilities,” said Alok Prasad, CEO, MFIN.
 Advertisements

Three-one after one-threeIndia's Suresh Raina was adjudged the man of the series for his all round contribution. (Source: AP)
Written by Daksh Panwar | Leeds | Posted: September 6, 2014 1:13 am | Updated: September 6, 2014 12:52 pm
The near unintelligible accent does not mask their warmth; their warmth does not conceal their fierce sense of pride. And these Yorkshire folks take an immense amount of pride in their cricket. After all, theirs is the most successful team in the history of England and Wales’s domestic cricket.
Which venue, then, would have been more apt than the Yorkshire County Cricket Club ground to play for pride at, something England looked to do against a rampant India in the fifth and final one-day international? And which place is better than ‘God’s Own County’ to do the improbable? And who better than a Yorkshireman to make it happen? As they say it here: “If ever tha (you) does owt (something) fer nowt (nothing), allus (always) do it fer thissen (yourself).”
However, Joe Root, a south Yorkshire lad, did it both for himself, Alastair Cook and England, cracking a second ODI ton to burnish his credentials as the finest batting talent in the country, help the team notch a consolatory 50-overs victory and give a little breathing space to his captain. Root’s 108-ball 113, the hosts’ only ton of the ODI series, guided the team to 294 for seven. Seriously tested for the first time in the series, India ended up 41 runs short — the margin of the defeat made rather respectable by Ravindra Jadeja’s belligerent 68-ball 87 towards the end.
“That’s a far better performance, and that’s what we can play like,” Cook said in the post-match presentation. “It’s frustrating not to play like that before. Joe showed what he can do and that’s what we’ve been missing in our batting. We’ve got a lot of 20s and 30s, the first time a guy goes on and gets a hundred we have a better chance. You saw how hard it was to chase down 300. We just played better, we didn’t want to lose 4-0.”
There was no doubt that India were going for 4-0. An intent that was made fairly evident when MS Dhoni announced the XI at the time of the toss. India were fielding a full-strength team, with Umesh Yadav coming in for Dhawal Kulkarni. In any case, a clean sweep was there for the taking, with England having gone from bad to worse to utterly ridiculous in the previous three games. Dhoni guessed it right and sent England in, like he had at Edgbaston and Trent Bridge and out came the under-fire skipper and Alex Hales.
Welcome respite
A batting failure here coupled with a defeat and Cook’s ODI captaincy would have come under further criticism. Add to that a 10:30 am start in Leeds, with a bit of moisture, grass and bounce on the pitch. Safe to assume the pressure must have been overbearing. But continued…

Marutis Ciaz creates buzz among buyers  3 000 units booked in three daysMaruti Suzuki gets 3,000 bookings for Ciaz within three days of launch
Ketan Thakkar & Ashutosh Shyam, ET Bureau Sep 6, 2014, 09.26AM IST
Tags:
Ciaz
(The company is happy with…)
MUMBAI: India's largest car maker, Maruti Suzuki has received order of 3,000 units for its upcoming mid-size sedan, the Ciaz within three days of opening the bookings.
The car which competes with Honda City in the shrinking market for midsize sedans, has received a "very good" response and that the company has already received 10,000-12,000 enquiries on the car, said a person close to the company.
Maruti will start delivering the car to customers starting next month. It is expected to price the sedan aggressively between Rs 7.25 lakh and Rs 10.5 lakh, the person quoted above said.
The company is happy with the initial response to Ciaz, a spokes person said, without giving any numbers. "As for the bookings, it is still early days." The booking numbers give an idea about the initial volume, though may not indicate the long-term sales potential of a vehicle. According to analysts, Maruti should sell at least 2,000 Ciaz a month for the new model to make a meaningful contribution to the overall volume and profit margin at the country's largest car maker.
Developed with an investment of Rs 620 crore, the most on a product by Maruti yet, Ciaz is aimed at the Indian and Chinese markets.
With the past experiment, with the Baleno and SX4 mid-sized sedans not yielding the desired result, Maruti Suzuki is aiming to be third-time lucky. With Ciaz, it is completely changing the approach of branding, marketing and selling the car.
It has roped in Bollywood actor Ranvir Singh as its brand ambassador and has already created a splash with big print advertising campaigns and outdoor hoardings a good month before the launch.
Manohar Bhat, vice-president of marketing at Maruti, told ET that the company has millions of happy Swift and Dzire customers who are looking for an upgrade. But since they didn't have a suitable option in Maruti's product portfolio, they often chose the other brands, he added. It is this customer that Maruti is targeting with the new car.
"We are a challenger by a distance. So, we have to think differently. We get one chance to do this properly; we have to grab it with both hands," he said.
Honda City that sells 5,000-7,000 units a month is the segment leader in the midsize sedan space and the Japanese car maker reclaimed the number 1 position in that segment from its Korean rival Hyundai Verna, post the launch of its new-generation City earlier in the year.
The company claims that Ciaz offers 10-12% more room than other mid-sized sedans. According to Maruti, the diesel version of the car runs 26.2 km on each litre of fuel and the petrol variant 20.7 kmpl on the lighter fuel. The petrol-powered car has a 1.4-litre engine, while the diesel plant is of 1.3 litre. The car will be available in four variants, with both manual and automatic transmission, the automatic transmission is only available in petrol.
While the overall passenger vehicle market is showing signs of recovery, the market leader has significantly outpaced the industry, recording sales growth of 15.8% at 4.59 lakh vehicles in the April-August period. Meanwhile, the midsized sedan segment has been showing a decline in sales, which analysts blame partly on the onslaught of utility vehicles.
According to a survey done by a multinational brokerage house, Maruti's double-digit growth is expected to continue with a decline in discounts and demand reverting to petrol models.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Here s a faucet that rinses itself after each useHere's a Faucet That Rinses Itself After Each Use
Designer Sarang Sheth created a smarter, simpler faucet.
Christopher Snow
September 05, 2014
Anyone who's ever cleaned or pre-rinsed the dishes knows about the big, glaring design flaw haunting nearly every sink faucet ever made: You're hand-washing your dishes, you've got a nice soapy lather going, all of a sudden the water's too hot, so you reach for the handle and bam! Soap all over the faucet.
Now it's going to leave residue, so now you've got to rinse off the faucet too. But even a wet faucet will leave water stains, so you've got to rinse and dry it. Who's got the time? Life is so difficult.
The Problem: Soapy faucets are bad. View Larger
But not for Sarang Sheth, industrial designer and solver of this age-old problem. He designed the "Little Twist," a faucet with a handle that protrudes down directly from the spout.
Since the handle is right underneath the water source, it naturally cleans itself off every time. Simply twist the handle to control the flow of water. The water is aerated at the spout, so the handle won't spray water off in every direction.
Never clean your faucet again! ...Or at least, do it less often. View Larger
Adorably, the shape of the handle itself is like a simplified representation of a water spout, communicating how to use this unusual faucet at a glance. Form neatly illustrates function.
You can't buy it yet—the Little Twist is currently only a concept. But if you'd like to help Sarang turn his design into reality, head on over to his website right here .

Ukraine truce takes hold as West lines up sanctions against RussiaUkraine truce takes hold as West lines up sanctions against Russia
PTI
Tweet
Kiev, Sept 6:  
Ukraine and pro-Kremlin insurgents appeared to be observing a truce today that could stem five months of bloodshed but still failed to head off fresh Western sanctions against Russia and is unlikely to quell the separatist drive in the east.
The 12-point pact signed yesterday in the Belarussian capital Minsk is the first to be backed by both the Kremlin and Kiev since bands of Russian-speaking militias seized a string of government buildings across Ukraine’s industrial heartland in early April.
But highly sceptical Western leaders nonetheless decided to punish Russian President Vladimir Putin for his efforts in supporting the rebels by beefing up sanctions on Russia’s most crucial state firms.
“The only reason that we’re seeing this ceasefire at this moment is because of both the sanctions that have already been applied and the threat of further sanctions,” US President Barack Obama claimed.
But with the rebels winning notable gains in recent days and Russia outwardly defiant over the impact of earlier sanctions there was little sign the ceasefire would put an end to the eastern insurgency.
The closely coordinated steps by Washington and the European Union target Russia’s cash-generating energy and defence sectors, while taking aim at the overall economy by limiting Moscow’s ability to raise funds in the West.
Obama said these measures were needed to ensure Russian “follow-through” on the peace plan although the West remains painfully aware that its previous attempts to pressure Putin have met with little success.
EU diplomat said their “agreement in principle on new sanctions” would be officially implemented in writing on Monday.
And NATO approved a “spearhead” force of several thousand soldiers at its Wales summit that would maintain a “continuous” presence in eastern Europe nations that view Putin’s intentions with dread.
“This decision sends a clear message — NATO protects all allies at all times,” the alliance’s outgoing chief Anders Fogh Rasmussen said.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)

Williams to take on Wozniacki in US Open finalWilliams to take on Wozniacki in US Open final
PTI
Tweet
New York, Sept 6:  
Serena Williams will fight for an 18th Grand Slam title against Caroline Wozniacki after sweeping past Ekaterina Makarova 6-1 6-3 to reach the US Open final here.
World number one Williams, winner of the past two titles at Flushing Meadows and five overall, will try to match Chris Evert and Martina Navratilova on 18 career major titles when she faces her good friend Wozniacki tomorrow.
The 10th-seeded Dane was leading 7-6 (7/1) 4-3 when China’s Peng Shuai dramatically retired from their semi-final with heat related illness.
Peng was taken from the court in a wheelchair as Wozniacki, leading 7-6 (7/1), 4-3, was declared the victor.
Peng, in growing discomfort in the second set in the hot sunshine bathing Arthur Ashe Stadium court, was overcome in the eighth game, reeling to the back of the court where she was eventually attended by a trainer and a supervisor.
After some discussion she was helped from the court and granted a confusing and controversial mid-game medical timeout as Wozniacki, facing a break point, was left to try to stay loose hitting practice serves.
Peng returned to the court and after a break of 10 minutes played five more points before she was stricken again, finally crumpling to the court, her Grand Slam dream in tatters.
“She was in distress, she had a heat-related illness,” said tournament director David Brewer after the match, adding that Peng was recovering well in the on-site medical facility.
“It was very difficult to watch,” said Wozniacki, who went to Peng’s side when she fell to the court, offering her a comforting pat.
“Tennis is great but the health is more important. I wanted to make sure that she’s OK,” Wozniacki said.
Wozniacki was especially concerned knowing that Peng had surgery to correct a heart defect as a youngster.
She wasn’t too worried about whether the extended break broke any rule.
“I didn’t really know the rules — I know if it’s just cramping you aren’t allowed to have a timeout but if it’s heat illness you can,” she said.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)

Sheila Dikshit on Delhi politicsApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Who is this Narendra ModiApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

V K Singh virtually indicted by army tribunalApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Sahara chief Subrata Roy seeks 15 more days from Supreme Court to sell hotelsApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Alibaba IPO legal fees dwarf Facebook sApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

IBM hires more in US than India amid visa wo...IBM now hires more in US than India amid tax, visa worries
By Sujit John & Shilpa Phadnis, TNN | 6 Sep, 2014, 11.07AM IST
IBM hired frenetically in India, and cut jobs in the US in an effort to be cost competitive with Indian IT services providers. 
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
BANGALORE: Over the past decade, IBM hired frenetically in India, and cut jobs in the US in an effort to be cost competitive with Indian IT services providers. Now, the Big Blue appears to be changing track, goaded perhaps by the Obama administration's social and tax pressures, and the US work visa restrictions.
However, other global IT services companies like Ireland-registered Accenture and France-based Capgemini are continuing to keep their hiring focus on India.
IBM's 'Jobs at IBM' website currently lists about 6,750 jobs, of which nearly a third, 2,150, are in the US. India follows way behind at a little over 700, and China is third with about 650. More striking are the entry level positions. Of the total of 446 entry level positions open as on September 2, as many as 172, or nearly 40%, are in the US. In India, there are a mere five.
An employee of the company in India said the internal job portal now shows certain IT positions with 1-2 years' experience reserved for US citizens. "I can't recollect such entry level positions earlier being reserved for US citizens," he said.
When contacted, IBM did not directly address %the matter, but issued the following statement: "Managing resources and skills is an ongoing and critical component of our business model. IBM continues to meet the changing requirements of its clients, and to pioneer new, high value segments of the IT industry. To that end, IBM is positioning itself to lead in growth areas such as cloud, analytics and cognitive computing and investing in these priority areas. Investing in and hiring talent from over 100 college campuses in India continues to be part of the strategy."
US tech entrepreneur and academic Vivek Wadhwa said he would not know %if the IBM hiring trends were accurate, but said it would not surprise him. "IBM, like other US companies, is surely under pressure from nativists to hire more Americans. The noise is only getting louder. But it may be that IBM is trying to balance its growth and that is what is behind such a strategy," he said.
The years of frenzied hiring has resulted in India now accounting for over a third of IBM's 4.3 lakh employees (these are estimates, given that IBM has stopped disclosing its headcount by geography). In the US, the number has dropped from a peak of 1.53 lakh in 2000, to an estimated 88,000 now. B S Murthy, CEO of executive search firm LeadershipCapital, said IBM in India could now be depending more on contract staffing, rather than have them on rolls. Contract staffing involves bringing people in for short periods from other IT services providers for specified projects. IBM's rivals Accenture and Capgemini, however, are hiring in India far more than elsewhere. The Accenture website lists 10,700 jobs for India, ten times more than in the US, the next highest.
Capgemini has a total of 4,460 jobs listed, of which half are in India. In the US it's 764 and in home country France it is 363. Both these companies have their largest employee base in India. In April, Capgemini announced that it crossed the threshold of 50,000 employees in India; more than a third of its global strength of 1.34 lakh. Accenture does not disclose geography numbers, but it is estimated that about 90,000 of its 2.93 lakh employees are in India.

TN Governor  Jayalalithaa extend Onam greetingsTN Governor, Jayalalithaa extend Onam greetings
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Sept 6:  
Tamil Nadu Governor K Rosaiah and Chief Minister J. Jayalalithaa today extended their greetings to Malayalees living in Tamil Nadu on the occasion of the Onam festival.
“I convey my heartiest greetings and best wishes to Malayalees living in Tamil Nadu and in other parts of the country. May this festival, which symbolises the richness of culture and tradition, promote peace, harmony and unity and bring in prosperity,” Rosaiah said in a Raj Bhavan release.
In her greetings, Jayalalithaa said the Onam festival brings with it the ideal of living in harmony with a sense of love, peace and brotherhood.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Most Popular

Shiv Sena leader arrested for rape after Class IX student delivers babyApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Amazons retail practices in India come underscrutinyPrint
Reuters | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 1:16 pm
Regulators in India are investigating whether Amazon.com Inc may have circumvented restrictions placed on foreign investors by selling directly to domestic consumers, The Wall Street Journal on Friday, citing unidentified sources.
The Finance Ministry’s Enforcement Directorate is looking into whether Amazon.com’s local subsidiary may have sold directly to customers, but made it look as if the sales were made by other companies, the Journal report said, quoting two people familiar with the matter.
India does not allow foreign firms to own majority stakes in retail companies that sell more than one brand. Amazon.com is allowed to operate there because it acts as a marketplace rather than a retailer, according to the Journal.
Amazon was not immediately available for comment.
The Seattle-based e-commerce company makes its money in India by charging third-party suppliers to use its website to sell some 17 million different products, from books to electronics. Asia’s second-largest country is seen as strategically important to Amazon as it tries to ramp up growth and profits.
Amazon.com has said it plans to invest $2 billion more in India, where it has slashed prices, ramped up marketing and accelerated warehouse construction to try and take on local competitors.
Indian investigators are also examining whether Amazon exerts control over the prices of products sold on its website, one of the Journal story’s sources said.
“An ideal marketplace should not have any interference from the platform operator,” the newspaper cited the person as saying.
Amazon.com shares dipped into negative territory in afternoon trading, down 65 cents at $345.30.
 

Write-downs behind  United Spirits to focus on margin improvement:AnalystsFocus at USL may now shift to margin improvement following balance sheet clean-up under Diageo. (Reuters)
Bangalore | Posted: September 6, 2014 1:10 pm
The management’s focus at India’s largest liquor firm, United Spirits Ltd (USL) , may now shift to margin improvement following the balance sheet clean-up under its new owner Diageo, which dragged its March quarter earnings, reckon analysts. The liquor company, while making provisions for loans, had directed an inquiry into receivables from several debtors who claimed to have lent to alleged entities of Vijay Mallya’s UB Group.
“The quantum of write-downs is larger than what we expected, but it also leads us to believe that no further material write-downs are likely,” said a research report by Nomura. “In our opinion, management’s focus will now shift to improving operational performance where, we believe, majority shareholder Diageo now has a team and strategy in place to deliver on its aims set out at the time of the acquisition in November 2012.”
Nomura said the balance sheet appeared to be in a better shape after the adjustments and write-downs. “Investors should also draw comfort from the fact that the uncertainty surrounding the amount of write-downs has been removed and the company now has a strong base, from which to build over the next five years,” it said.
For the March 2014 quarter, USL made provisions of Rs 4,321.63 crore for write-offs following the sale of Whyte & Mackay (W&M) as the proceeds were insufficient to fully repay intra-USL loans, and also the diminution in value of investments of an overseas subsidiary.
The liquor firm has also provided for receivables of Rs 690.55 crore towards doubtful advances to some debtors while setting aside Rs 330.32 crore to cover a loan to UB Group’s parent company, United Breweries Holdings (UBHL).
“As the new management drives strategic change and overhauls governance processes at USL, we expect near-term disruption/volatility in financials. Bulk of the write-offs/provisions has been done in our view. We expect USL to progressively write off the remaining sum of Rs 995 crore owed by UBHL,” said a report by Motilal Oswal. In terms of operations, the brokerage house expects margin recovery efforts to gain momenNarendra Moditum in the second half of FY15 and in FY16.
USL, which markets whisky brands such as Royal Challenge, Bagpiper and McDowells No.1, posted a loss of Rs 5,380 crore for the March quarter on net sales of Rs 1,917 crore, due to the provisions. For the fiscal ended March, it posted a consolidated loss of Rs 4,488.77 crore on net sales of Rs 10,500.92 crore.
Analysts said they expected the company’s debt to reduce from the current level with the completion of the W&M sale. “Net debt stands at Rs 7,200 crore which should subsequently reduce as W&M proceeds get utilized for debt repayment,” said Motilal Oswal.

Injuries for South Africa before finalSouth Africa faces injury issues including Duminy's (Left) ahead of the summit clash against Australia on Saturday. (Source: AP)
Reuters | Harare | Posted: September 6, 2014 1:15 am | Updated: September 6, 2014 12:38 pm
South Africa fast bowler Morne Morkel and all-rounder JP Duminy will undergo late fitness tests ahead of Saturday’s triangular series final against Australia in Harare. South Africa, who have already lost all-rounder Ryan McLaren to injury in the series, will give the players until just before the start of play to prove their fitness.
“MRI Scans were done on Morne’s right shoulder and JP’s left knee earlier this week. Morne’s scan confirmed an aggravation of a pre-existing rotator cuff tear which has worsened due to a high workload in Zimbabwe, while JP’s scan confirmed a patella tendinopathy diagnosis,” Proteas team manager Mohammed Moosajee said in a statement. “ Due to the worsening nature of their injuries recently, their availability for the final will be subject to a late fitness test in the morning.”
The side may feel the loss of Duminy more as he performs not just as a top six batsman, but also provides a spin option on the Harare Sports Club wickets that have turned prodigiously recently.
Mind game
Meanwhile, days after fracturing South Africa all rounder McLaren’s right arm, Australian quick has Mitchell Johnson ramped up the mind games after the Proteas saw off Zimbabwe to confirm their place in the final. Johnson claimed that Australia can easily forecast South Africa’s game plan, and suggested his own side are more versatile in the way that they go about their cricket. “They’re pretty structured in their ways,” he said. “They like to play a certain way and they do it most times. We’re ready to adapt to any conditions and we’ve done that in the past. We go out there and play our own game.”
There is some truth in Johnson’s assessment. Australia’s middle order is packed with power hitters such as Glenn Maxwell and Mitchell Marsh, who have twice seen them to scores above 325 in a tournament characterised by slow, dry pitches.South Africa’s batsman tend to be more orthodox as they rely on their inherent quality – as they did when AB de Villiers and Faf du Plessis scored hundreds to chase a target of 328 in the first meeting between the two sides last week.
However, Australia’s own adaptability has not always been up to the mark – most notably when they failed to get the hang of a turning pitch on Sunday and lost to Zimbabwe for the first time in 31 years.
(AFP)

Alert sounded in Kashmirs Ganderbal dist as water level in Sindh risesAlert sounded in Kashmir’s Ganderbal dist as water level in Sindh rises
PTI
THE HINDU;THE HINDU Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah inspecting the flood situation in Magam district on Saturday.
Srinagar, Sept 6:  
Authorities today sounded a red alert asking people living close to the River Sindh in central Kashmir to move to safer places following cloudbursts and flash floods in the higher reaches, triggered by incessant rains for the past five days.
The River Sindh flows through most parts of Ganderbal district and people in many areas live near the banks of the river.
“We have sounded a red alert in the district and asked people living near the River Sindh to move to safer places as the water level in the river is rising fast,” Deputy Commissioner, Ganderbal, Sarmad Hafeez, told PTI.
Hafeez said cloudbursts in some areas in the upper reaches of the district during the night have resulted in flash floods and an increase in the water levels of the river.
“We have sounded the alert in the whole Kangan Tehsil and from Wayil to Shadipora, areas covering many tehsils of the district. We want to make sure there is no loss of life,” he said.
The official said a few bridges and bunds have been washed away, but the administration is trying its best to contain the damage.
The Srinagar-Leh route has been submerged at many places.
He said people living in many areas in the main town of Ganderbal have been told to be ready for any eventuality which may arise due to the increase in water levels.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)

Jayalalithaa sacks minister Moorthy  Ramanaa makes comebackJayalalithaa sacks minister Moorthy, Ramanaa makes comeback
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Sept 6:  
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa today sacked Milk and Dairy Development Minister V Moorthy and appointed B V Ramanaa in his place.
Ramanaa, who was sacked as Revenue Minister on May 19, is staging a comeback in the Ministry.
Governor K Rosaiah accepted the recommendations of Chief Minister Jayalalithaa in this regard, a Raj Bhavan communique said.
Ramanaa represents Thiruvallur Assembly constituency.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

Delhi monthly urban per capita spending highest in countryApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Mary Kom releases  Priyanka Chopra rants against demeaning tagApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

India  Australia sign civilian nuclear energy dealNayanima Basu |  New Delhi Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 12:59 AM IST
India, Australia sign civilian nuclear energy deal
Uranium shipments might not start before 2-5 years; supplies might be limited
Adding another feather to its foreign policy cap, the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government under Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday signed a civil nuclear agreement with Australia to address India’s growing need for power.
The deal, signed in the presence of Modi and visiting Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott, officially marked an end to the ban imposed by Australia on selling uranium to India. The ban was lifted in 2012, when talks for the nuclear deal began.
This will be the first such deal signed by the NDA government. India has similar agreements with the US, Canada, the UK, South Korea and France, among other countries.
“The signing of the civil nuclear cooperation agreement is a historic milestone in our relationship. It is a reflection of a new level of mutual trust and confidence in our relationship and will open a new chapter in our bilateral cooperation. It will support India’s efforts to fuel its growth with clean energy and minimise its carbon footprint,” Modi said after a meeting with his Australian counterpart.
ALSO READ:  Experts welcome nuclear deal with Australia
Abbott said the deal would “finally allow Australian uranium sales to India”. He added the decision to sale uranium to India was “originally an initiative of the Howard government, now brought to fruition by the Abbott government”, referring to his Liberal Party predecessor John Howard, prime minister of Australia in 1996-2007.
The memorandum of understanding (MoU) for the deal, Cooperation in the Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy, was signed between R K Sinha, secretary, department of atomic energy, and Patrick Suckling, Australia’s high commissioner to India, following a meeting of the two prime ministers here.
ALSO READ:  Australian PM arrives, nuclear energy deal likely to be signed Friday
“The agreement will promote cooperation in peaceful uses of nuclear energy. It recognises India’s commitment and use of nuclear energy with a view to achieving sustainable development and strengthening energy security. Australia can play the role of a long-term reliable supplier of uranium to India. It provides for supply of uranium, production of radio isotopes, nuclear safety and other areas of cooperation,” the MoU stated.
Apparently, both sides also signed a parallel nuclear safeguards agreement, as India isn’t a signatory to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. This was also the case when India had signed a civil nuclear deal with Canada, a senior official told Business Standard.
Australia has about 40 per cent of global uranium reserves, of which it exports about 20 per cent, making it one of the largest exporters of the commodity. It doesn’t have any nuclear power plants of its own.
However, uranium supplies from Australia, which stands to earn billions of dollars through such shipments, to India could be limited because of Australia’s domestic laws. Besides, it might take four-five years for the shipments to start. According to Australian rules, uranium mining is limited to only a few mines and most are bound by long-terms contracts.
“This deal isn’t that much about business; it has more to do with India being recognised as a credible, nuclear-responsible state,” said the official quoted earlier.
India has 21 operational nuclear power reactors, across six power plants, with an installed capacity of 5,302 Mw; these produce 29,664.75 GWh of electricity. Seven more reactors, under construction, are expected to generate an additional 6,100 Mw, according to official statistics.
Under the nuclear power generation programme, India hopes to increase its nuclear capacity to 63,000 Mw by 2032 by adding about 30 reactors, at an estimated cost of $85 billion.

Want a foreign MBA for your child Get ready to pay moreBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 12:55 AM IST
Want a foreign MBA for your child? Get ready to pay more
A survey by Graduate Management Council finds lower reliance on loans
If your child aspires to pursue a two-year full-time MBA course abroad, be prepared to bear the costs. A survey by the Graduate Management Admission Council (GMAC) has said Indian citizens considering full-time two-year MBA programmes abroad expect grants and scholarships to cover a small portion of the expenditure, adding they look to their parents to provide the rest of the expenses.
According to the survey, Indians planning to study abroad traditionally rely on loans to fund more than a third of the cost. Among the options they consider are personal funds (24 per cent in 2013, against 23 per cent in 2009), loans (22 per cent, against 26 per cent in 2009) and contribution by parents (20 per cent, against 14 per cent in 2009).
For Indians, while loans continue to be the primary source of funds to go abroad for an MBA degree, the dependence on loans, as well as scholarships/grants, has declined.
In China, parents are seen as the primary source of funds for a master’s degree in finance abroad. In that country, students expect parents to contribute 53 per cent of the funds for their education.
Between 2009 and 2013, prospective MBA students around the world intended to borrow less for education abroad, instead counting on greater contributions from parents.
According to GMAC’s mba.com Prospective Students Survey, which surveys about 12,000 mba.com registrants globally every year, the percentage of those saying they didn’t have any reservations about pursuing a degree abroad rose from 13 per cent in 2009 to 18 per cent in 2013. Of those that did, cost and potential debt were the primary concerns. However, the number of those concerned about these aspects saw a decline — while the percentage of those worried about costs fell from 53 per cent to 48 per cent, those thinking potential debt would be a burden fell from 51 per cent to 45 per cent.
GMAC’s annual alumni perspectives survey showed business school alumni continued to value their degrees, saying they had seen satisfying return on investment—personally, professionally, and financially.
Between 2009 and 2013, the percentage of funding prospective MBA students worldwide expected their parents to cover increased from 14 per cent to 20 per cent; the portion they expected to borrow or cover through scholarships/grants decreased. Amid the popularity of specialised master’s programmes in business, those who planned to enrol for such courses expected their parents to fund a significant sum.
In countries such as the US, where a full-time two-year MBA course is the signature programme at many business schools, those considering these courses expected to increase the contribution of personal funds, employers and parents towards the education costs and rely less on loans, compared to 2009.
 Advertisements

Express LOL: The tongue-in-cheek Mary Komreview'Mary Kom' is more of a warmup bout than a knockout punch.
Express LOL | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 1:50 pm
‘Mary Kom’ is more of a warmup bout than a knockout punch. However, Priyanka Chopra does save it from becoming a history book come to life. At the end of the movie, we just had one thought – why isn’t the cricket money in India spent on other sports?
Our Express LOL reporter went to the premiere, and met his fair share of celebrities. First up was Hulk, who was definitely not in his Bruce Banner personality.
Next, our interviewer met another Indian sport god, Sachin Tendulkar.
It was only fitting that the next guest was Amitabh Bachchan, keeping in mind how great the KBC Kohima launch film was.
In keeping with the legendary nature of the night’s guests, the last movie reviewer was Rajinikanth.
On a scale of Singham Returns (biopic of an exploding car) to Invictus (legendary biopic of a legend) Mary Kom falls somewhere in the middle. An educative watch.

US Open: Serena Williams  Caroline Wozniacki set up friendly finalWorld number one Williams overpowered Russian Ekaterina Makarova 6-1 6-3 in the semi-final. (Source: AP)
Reuters | New York | Posted: September 6, 2014 1:40 pm
Serena Williams and friend Caroline Wozniacki arranged a get-together in the U.S. Open women’s final, winning their Friday semi-finals in contrasting fashion on a stifling hot, humid day at Flushing Meadows.
Top-seeded world number one Williams overpowered Russian left-hander Ekaterina Makarova 6-1 6-3, unleashing her daunting firepower against the 17th-seeded Russian.
Wozniacki advanced when China’s Peng Shuai broke down in scary distress due to heat illness and retired in the second set, while trailing 7-6(1) 4-3.
The results delivered on a pre-tournament wish made by the buddies, who each entered the event longing for a victory to ease personal frustrations.
“She’s a good friend of mine,” said former world number one Wozniacki, whose gaping hole in her resume remains the lack of a grand slam title.
“We were saying when the tournament started, ‘We’re in separate sides of the drawing, so hopefully we can meet in the finals. It would be great if that were to happen.'”
Williams said she had the same thought when the draw was made.
“She obviously wants to win and go for her first grand slam, and I want to win and try to make a little history,” said Williams, who wants to end a disappointing grand slam season on a happy note by claiming her 18th slam singles to tie Chris Evert and Martina Navratilova for fourth on the all-time list.
SCARY MOMENTS
The opening semi-final produced some scary moments as China’s Peng fell victim to the severe conditions during an energy-draining, groundstroke battle with Wozniacki.
The match was still very much in doubt with Wozniacki serving at 4-3 and facing break point when the unseeded Peng suddenly grabbed her thighs and stumbled to the back wall of the centee court with what appeared to be severe cramping.
In obvious distress, the 28-year-old doubles specialist was eventually helped off the court to be evaluated by doctors.
A valiant Peng, playing her first career grand slam singles semi-final, refused to quit and returned in 11 minutes after a medical examination.
Six points later, Peng curled up in agony on the baseline, and officials called the match and Peng was lifted into a wheelchair and taken from the court to a standing ovation after the abbreviated two hour four minute battle.
“The doctor, she said to me, ‘You are not able really go out to fight, compete, because look is not really well,'” Peng said about the medical evaluation when she met reporters after two hours of treatment.
“I said, ‘No, no, no, I don’t want to give up. I want to try one more time,'” added Peng. “And then I come back.'”
In the mixed doubles final, top seeds Sania Mirza of India and Brazilian Bruno Soares won the title 6-1 2-6 11-9, sealing the match tiebreak on their sixth championship point against American Abigail Spears and Santiago Gonzalez of Mexico.
SPEEDY continued…

Motorola sees India as one of the biggest ma...Motorola sees India as one of the biggest markets globally
Danish Khan, ET Bureau Sep 6, 2014, 02.29PM IST
Tags:
India
(The company upgraded its…)
NEW DELHI: Motorola Mobility sees India as one of the biggest markets globally, a top official said, as the company that would soon become part of the Lenovo group launches upgraded versions of its smartphones and a new smartwatch.
"The Indian market is massive and tremendously important to us. We completely believe in what we are doing here. Now, we are able to grow on the portfolio we have. It's getting more exciting for us," Senior Marketing Director Marcus Frost told ET Friday.
The company upgraded its smartphone portfolio with the launch of improved versions of the Moto G and Moto X smartphones. It is bringing these devices along with its first smartwatch, Moto 360, to India simultaneously with their global launches.
Motorola has high ambitions from its new smartphones, Marcus said, and added that it will bring the next significant update of the Android operating system, Android L, to these new devices.
The latest Moto G is available in the market starting Friday, while the Moto X and the Moto 360 smartwatch will be available later this month.
Marcus said the company has learnt a lot from the Moto G, which ran out of stock in the first couple of days of launch. "We corrected that instantly, which shows the might of Motorola at the background. We are able to turn around situations very quickly. But also we are constantly learning."
Both Flipkart and Motorola are equipped to handle demand for the latest Moto G smartphone in India, he said. "We are bringing a lot of units."
Motorola has seen huge success in the Indian market for the Moto G and Moto E as the company broke in to the top five smartphone vendors in India in the last quarter, within a year of re-entering the market. It was at the fourth spot in the quarter through June, according to handset sales tracker Canalys.
According to Flipkart's vice president for retail and head of brand alliances, Michael Adnani, 1.6 million Motorola smartphones have been sold in the country till date.
The Indian market has lately seen increased competition post the entry of vendors like China's Xiaomi. Marcus said India has always been a ferociously competitive market and Motorola was keeping an eye on its competition.
Besides smartphones, Motorola sees opportunity in the wearable space, though others like Samsung have seen lukewarm response for their smartwatches. "We have been providing enough information about this product to test the appetite in India as well as other markets. People that are interested in watches are our target customers. We are targeting the mass market for the Moto 360," Marcus said. "The Moto 360 is a watch first. As you live with Moto 360, it gets better and better."
Motorola is working with Flipkart on a marketing plan for its new devices.
On the status of Lenovo's acquisition of Motorola Mobility, Marcus said the company would be a part of the Lenovo family in a matter of weeks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Banks in Puducherry to work in campaign mode to help people open bank accountsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

We would like to improve our death bowling before World Cup  says MSDhoniPress Trust of India | Leeds | Posted: September 6, 2014 2:10 pm
Indian captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni has sent out a message to his pacers to work on their “death bowling” skills if the ODI world champions were to defend their title Down Under next year.
The Men in Blue suffered a 41-run defeat at the hands of England in the fifth and final one-day international at Headingly Friday but still won the series 3-1 after posting three crushing wins on the trot.
“Death-over bowling is something which I would like to improve because conditions in Australia-New Zealand will be very different. We are not playing too many games in New Zealand but the grounds are not very big there. So we cannot use spinners too much after the 40th over and to some extent it will put extra pressure on fast bowlers to take more responsibility,” Dhoni said.
The Men in Blue have five ODIs at home versus the West Indies and then at least four matches in the tri-series involving Australia and England in January. If there are any major concerns, they have to be addressed soon.
“It is really important for them to use the coming games well. But at the same time in the next five matches versus the West Indies, we will get fair amount of dew so they might find it tough to execute their yorkers or may not find their reverse swing.
“It won’t be exactly like what we may face later in Australia-New Zealand,” the skipper said.
Asked about the inconsequential match, which England won riding on Joe Root’s second ODI hundred, Dhoni blamed his batsmen for poor strokes.
“Overall the bowling was quite good today (Friday). It was a good wicket to bat on and 300 was the par score,” said Dhoni after the game.
“But we gave away quite a few soft wickets in the middle overs. We lost too many wickets and were not in position to chase the runs afterwards. So those loose dismissals really cost us the game.”
Root smashed 113 off 108 balls as England avoided a whitewash after posting 294 for seven.
The Indian captain though went on to praise Mohammad Shami, who took 2-52, but bowled well in the death overs.
Surprisingly, India had dropped Dhawal Kulkarni after his debut game in Birmingham and brought in Umesh Yadav, whilst still playing Bhuvneshwar Kumar.
“His execution was great today (Friday) which I feel is lacking in some of other fast bowlers. But definitely he bowled really well with a few yorkers. Whenever I needed him or asked him he really bowled well, so I was definitely impressed with his bowling,” said the skipper.
“Yorker is very simple but it is a most difficult ball to execute. It takes a lot out of you and takes a lot to bowl the yorker especially if batsmen use the ramp shot or scoop the ball and batsmen get down very early to such deliveries in death overs. So you have to be continued…

Ton-up Kraigg Brathwaite puts West Indies ontopPrint
Associated Press | Kingston | Posted: September 6, 2014 1:53 pm
Opener Kraigg Brathwaite hit an unbeaten 123 Friday to pilot a strong West Indies position of 264-3 at close on the first day of the opening Test against Bangladesh at Arnos Vale Sports Complex.
The right-hander struck eight boundaries off 269 balls as he notched his second century in 13 Tests.
The 21-year-old Brathwaite shared an opening stand of 116 with Chris Gayle, who scored 64, and put on a further 128 with Darren Bravo, who contributed 62.
Two debutants shared the wickets for the tourists, with left-arm spinner Taijul Islam claiming 2-69 and off-spinning all-rounder Shuvagata Hom taking 1-76.
Brathwaite was typically obdurate throughout the day in an innings that spanned five and a half hours.
He and Gayle dulled Bangladesh during the morning session after the hosts were sent in.
They reached 103-0 at lunch with Gayle surviving a close run out chance when 35 and a dropped return catch to Rubel Hossain on 52 but there was precious little encouragement for the visitors.
Bangladesh hit back in the second session, with the spin duo of Hom and Taijul claiming their maiden scalps.
The 27-year-old Hom made the initial breakthrough when he claimed an LBW verdict against a sweeping Gayle. Umpire Marais Erasmus initially ruled not out but Bangladesh successfully got the decision overturned after using the DRS review.
Gayle slammed 10 fours and a six off 105 deliveries, and during his innings became the third West Indian after the legendary Gordon Greenidge and Desmond Haynes to notch 7,000 runs as an opening batsman.
It was soon 133-2 when Kirk Edwards, after hitting a six and a four in 10, was snapped up at silly point off the leading edge by Mominul Haque off Taijul.
But Brathwaite and Bravo quickly doused the Bangladesh spirits with an assured third wicket stand either side of tea.
Brathwaite brought up his second Test ton half hour after tea with a cover drive for his eighth four.
His only blemish came when on 113 he edged Hom low to wicket-keeper and captain Mushfiqur Rahim, who shelled the offering.
Left-hander Bravo compiled a half century of his own before, after lofting two successive boundaries off Taijul, he tried a similar shot and holed out to Mahmudullah at mid-on. The Trinidadian struck six fours and a six off 126 balls.
Shivnarine Chanderpaul, recently turned 40, spent nine deliveries on 1 not out before rain arrived to cut short the day.

NatCast: Sweaty  with storms possible lateCHANCE OF RAIN
45%
Given the afternoon start, this might be the least pleasant game left in the season. It’s muggy and hot, with increasing odds of a shower or storm as time goes, especially if we go to extra innings again.
NatCast appears on the day of every Nationals home game.
Ian Livingston is a forecaster/photographer and information lead for the Capital Weather Gang.  By day, Ian is a defense and national security researcher at a D.C. think tank.

Birla Sun Life New Millennium Fund announces dividendThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sahara MF announces resignation of Subrata Roy SaharaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Irani asks JSS to empower people through Jan Dhan YojanaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Boxer s husband joins efforts to release  Mary Kom  in ManipurThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Over 71 lakh students in Raj hear PM s Teachers  Day addressThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Global markets sustain momentumThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Board of MFL India approves change in registered officeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ind-Agiv Commerce to hold AGMThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Shree Global Tradefin allots 29.63 lakh equity shares on conversion of warrantsSep 06, 2014, 02.06 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Shree Global Tradefin allots 29.63 lakh equity shares on conversion of warrants
Shree Global Tradefin has informed that the Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on September 06, 2014, has allotted 29,63,000 Equity Shares of Rs 5 each pursuant to conversion of warrants allotted on Preferential basis at a premium of Rs 31 each to Non Promoter.

Karur KCP Packkagings: Outcome of board meetingSep 06, 2014, 02.04 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Karur KCP Packkagings: Outcome of board meeting
Karur KCP Packkagings Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 05, 2014, inter alia, has approved the recommended to the shareholders for re-appointment of Mr. K. C. PallaniShamy as Managing Director of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Karur KCP Packkagings: Outcome of board meeting
Karur KCP Packkagings Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 05, 2014, inter alia, has approved the recommended to the shareholders for re-appointment of Mr. K. C. PallaniShamy as Managing Director of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Karur KCP Packkagings Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 05, 2014, inter alia, has approved the following :1. Recommended to the shareholders for re-appointment of Mr. K. C. PallaniShamy as Managing Director of the Company.2. Recommended to the shareholders for re-appointment of Mr. K. C. P. Shivraman as Joint Managing Director of the Company.3. Recommended to the shareholders for re-appointment of M/s. MSS Sriram & Co. Chartered Accountants, Karur as Statutory Auditors of the Company and fix up their remuneration.4. For appointment of Smt P. Annammal Director retiring by rotation, seeking reappointment, appointing her as Director.5. Recommended to the shareholders for appointment of Mr. K. Palaniappan Director retiring by rotation, seeking re-appointment, appointing him as an Independent Director.6. Recommended to the shareholders for appointment of Dr. Mohan as an Independent Director.7. Recommended to the shareholders for appointment of Mr. V. MuraliKriishnan as an Independent Director.8. Appointed Mr. V. Suresh, Practicing Company Secretary, Chennai as Scrutinizer to scrutinize the votes in respect of e-voting / ballots at the Annual General Meeting in free, fair and transparent manner.9. Adopted the Postal Ballot Notice in terms of Section 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 for approval of following matters:- Fixed the borrowing limits of the Company as under Section 180(1) (c).- Approved the creation of charge of assets or properties of the Company both present and future, in respect of borrowing etc. and recommend to the members to fix the limits under Section 180(1) (a).Source : BSE

Bhagawati Oxygen: Outcome of AGMSep 06, 2014, 02.04 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Bhagawati Oxygen: Outcome of AGM
Bhagawati Oxygen Ltd has informed BSE that the 42nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 03, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bhagawati Oxygen: Outcome of AGM
Bhagawati Oxygen Ltd has informed BSE that the 42nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 03, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Post your opinion here
 
Bhagawati Oxygen Ltd has informed BSE that the 42nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 03, 2014, under Clause 35A.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Larsen & toubro (l&t) has secured a turnkey order for setting up a 2x6...Platinum Member
188 Followers
Oh yes, re look your bank statements. It was deposited in late August.L&T has a habit of stretching the legal time limits to the max for parting money as dividend for shareholders.
In reply to : DNK message
7.18 PM Sep 6th

If share-split happens @ 1:5 rastio.. 300 is fv.. no more comments for...211 Followers
Gud afternoon TM supporters,
any bus can`t run non-stop.. it had to halt sometime for filling-up fuel & inspection... I feel techm bus is halted now at 2523.. and it needs some good rest & mechanical check before resuming the journey... if it ignores, bus may break-down badly.. I don`t want to see its passengers in such a situation.. better get-down at your respective stops (SL) & wait for few days.. TC :)
P.S: Same theory is applicable for nifty & all those stocks that run-up non-stop..
*SDB 1984*
In reply to : kardi1949 message
2.02 PM Sep 6th

Sadiquetz_dreamboy1984my other id`s are sadiquetz & dreamboy1984. both red flagged by some culprits... now i`m back with a BANG!!  here i announce... im not going to be a perma-bear anymore.. im going  more..  
Post in

Hi i am sure that you must be having lot of information about capital ...New Member
46 Followers
Hi Amit, One of the business that Capital First is engaged in is Insurance Sales which includes - Protection Plans, Children`s Plan, Retirement Plans and Savings Plans. Hence any policy from the Govt which gives invigorates the Insurance Arena will have a direct positive impact on Capital First and its Sales revenues. I believe if the FDI in insurance is raised from 26 to 49 percentage, this sector will get a shot in the arm and will chart a new growth plan. Capital First will certainly benefit from it.
In reply to : amitmou100 message
10.27 PM Sep 6th

Maruti suzuki india ltd has informed bse regarding the production figu...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

BSE Sensex reclaims 26 000; up 3% to end at 3-week highApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

NSE Nifty rises 12 pts on good showing by FMCG  healthcare stocksApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

After TCS  Cognizant  Infosys to Give Stocks to EmployeesYou are here: Home Corporates
Infosys Plans Restricted Stock Units to Check Record Attrition
NDTV | Written By: Varun Sinha | Updated On: September 03, 2014 17:10 (IST)
Jack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
Infosys is taking several steps to control a record-high attrition, which led to nearly one in five employees quitting India's second largest IT outsourcer last fiscal.
Infosys chief financial officer Rajiv Bansal told Nomura analysts Ashwin Mehta and Pinku Pappan that the company is "thinking of instituting restricted stock units" to attract talent. Restricted stocks are not awarded immediately but are tied to duration or certain pre-set performance milestones.
Incidentally, Infosys granted close to 22,800 restricted stock units, valued at over Rs 8 crore, to its CEO and managing director Vishal Sikka last month. ( Read the full story here )
Nomura says Infosys' competitors such as Cognizant, Wipro and HCL Tech all have some form of stock compensation for senior management.
Infosys has taken measures like wage hikes, regular promotions, and reducing uncertainty on take-home salaries on the monetary front. It is also pursuing softer aspects like improving engagement with employees, Mr Bansal says.
Last month, Infosys gave out-of-turn promotions to 5,000 employees in a bid to boost workforce morale. Earlier, the company had announced 6-7 per cent salary hikes for offshore employees. ( Read )
However, Infosys lagged behind its competitors TCS and Cognizant in wage hike, both of which doled out an average 10 per cent hike for India-based employees this year.
Infosys, once the first choice of young IT graduates, has steadily lost its charm over the last few years. Its current approval rating on Glassdoor, an employee-rating website, stands at 3.2 as compared to 3.5 for Cognizant and 3.3 for TCS.
Analysts have blamed a series of senior management exits, lower salary hikes and concerns over slow growth for the declining popularity of Infosys. ( Read the full story here )
The company, however, has taken a number of steps over the last few months to make a comeback. On August 1, Vishal Sikka took charge as the first non-founder CEO at the company. Mr Sikka is soon expected to formulate a new strategy to turnaround the company, while sticking to co-founder NR Narayana Murthy's initiatives of sales effectiveness, delivery effectiveness and cost optimization.
Mr Bansal told Nomura that the initial feedback from clients on the CEO appointment is positive.
Infosys is also focusing on the fast-growing infrastructure management services, which along with digital will now operate as separate units, Mr Bansal said.
Mr Bansal says Infosys will increase its sales and marketing spends to drive higher growth. The company has hired in excess of 100 account managers for better client-mining and account management and nearly 100 MBA graduates for sales roles. It will add 100 more MBAs for sales role soon, Mr Bansal noted.
The company will also reinvest margins to drive sustainable growth. Mr Bansal expects operating margins (EBIT) to be in the range of 24-25 per cent.
Nomura has a "buy" rating on Infosys with a target of Rs 3,790. Infosys shares closed 3.4 per cent higher at Rs 3,734.60 on Wednesday. The stock was among the top Nifty gainers and outperformed the IT sub-index on the BSE, which rose 2.50 per cent.
Story first published on: September 03, 2014 17:10 (IST)

The Moral Case Against Watching FootballThe Moral Case Against Football
Posted:
reddit
Is it immoral to consume violent entertainment that can result in dire, even deadly consequences for its participants? Is it immoral to cheer for a dazzling show knowing it could cause its stars to develop dementia or memory loss or depression?
That is to say, is it immoral to watch football?
In a punchy new manifesto, New York Times bestselling author Steve Almond argues that it is.
“This book is partly an attempt to say, 'Something is off here,'” Almond said in an interview with The Huffington Post. “Why is our most popular form of entertainment this unnecessarily violent, degrading spectacle that churns through the players who play it?”
Almond didn’t want to have to write this story. A diehard football fan since he was 6 years old, he spent the last few decades rationalizing his love of the game so he could keep on enjoying it. But as a growing body of research linked head injuries to cognitive issues such as dementia, Alzheimer's and depression, it became harder and harder for him to ignore his conscience.
In his latest book, Against Football, Almond explains why he is ditching the sport for good. His moral qualms with football are multifaceted. There is the toll football takes on the players’ bodies and brains. There is what Almond calls the NFL’s nihilistic greed: “Do they feel no shame in snatching taxpayer money they don’t really need from impoverished communities?” he writes. But beyond that, Almond worries that football negatively influences America’s attitudes about violence, hyper-masculinity, racism and homophobia.
Throughout the book, he appeals to fellow fans to consider football’s moral complexities before kicking back and enjoying the show.
“I think there’s a silent majority of football fans who feel increasingly queasy about watching it,” he said. “There’s a fundamental moral crisis of decision that individual fans have to make: Can I sponsor this game?”
By coming down hard on America's favorite game, Almond is wading into dangerous territory. Yes, the NFL has had a lot of bad press in the last few years, but that has not dented its popularity one bit. In a recent survey conducted by the Harris Poll, the NFL ranked as the most popular American sport for the 30th consecutive year in a row. The 2014 Super Bowl was the most watched TV show in U.S. history , with 111.5 million viewers tuning in.
But as a true devotee of the game, Almond is well-positioned to deliver the blow. In each line of the book, his genuine love of the sport shines through.
“I didn’t want to write a book that was looking down on football. I wanted to write a book about the hold, the grip that football has on people like me,” he said. “I want people to confront the darker aspects of the game that they really don’t want to face. I know that because I didn’t want to face it for 40 years.”
For Almond, it took a personal brush with brain trauma to realize he could no longer mindlessly enjoy football.
Two years ago, his mother fell in an accident and developed acute dementia. When Almond visited her in the ICU, she didn’t even know who he was.
“People talk about the soul or the spirit being in our heart. No; it’s in our brains,” he said. “The brain makes you who you are. When that’s gone, you’re gone.”
After seeing his mother in such a condition, brain trauma was no longer an abstraction.
“Once you see how devastating it is, it becomes much harder to put the genie back in the bottle and say, 'Let’s just have some chicken wings and watch the game,'” he said. “We haven’t even caught up to what the real medical risks are.”
This football season will be the first time since Almond was a child that he will not be watching the NFL. While the book doesn’t ask fans to boycott football, it implores them to take a closer look at what exactly they are supporting.
“America is good at making us feel OK with things we really shouldn’t feel OK about,” he says. “It’s what we’ve done for years with cigarettes, what is still done with our consumption of fossil fuels and meat. It’s all about giving people the pleasure and airbrushing out of the picture the moral costs.”
He says people who believe the game can’t change are simply cynical. “That is what people always say," he said. "Moral progress is inconvenient. It requires people taking stock of their own behaviors and making inconvenient decisions that are hard in the short term and beneficial in the long term. America as a rule sucks at it but can be very good at it when sufficiently roused.”
And that’s the point of his book.
“Football is a remarkably exciting game, but it also reinforces a lot of basic American pathologies around race, violence, greed, sexuality, sexual orientation, and we give a free pass,” he says. “We don’t even think of it as something that deserves moral scrutiny, when it’s the biggest thing in America. And that’s nuts.”
More:

West prepares for fresh raft of Russia sanctionsBarack Obama stands with NATO heads of state and government including Lithuanian President Dalia Grybauskaite and NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen, front left, at a NATO summit dinner. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Newport (uk) | Posted: September 5, 2014 9:51 am | Updated: September 5, 2014 9:56 am
NATO leaders are expected to announce a raft of fresh sanctions against Russia on Friday over its actions in Ukraine, although hopes remain that a ceasefire can be forged at peace talks in Minsk on the same day.
The leaders are heading into the second and final day of a NATO summit in Newport, Wales that has been labelled the most critical since the end of the Cold War for the Western military alliance as it addresses a multitude of crises from Ukraine to Iraq to Afghanistan.
They agreed on Thursday to set up new funds to help Ukraine’s military effort and treat wounded soldiers in a five-month conflict that has seen more than 2,600 people killed.
EU and US officials said sanctions against Russia would be announced on Friday in response to a major escalation of Russian military support to the rebels in eastern Ukraine in recent days.
But they added implementation could be delayed pending the ceasefire talks in Minsk.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko voiced “careful optimism” about the talks, which will be attended by Russia and pro-Moscow rebels.
NATO leaders are also expected to approve plans to position troops and military equipment in Eastern Europe to reassure ex-Soviet bloc member states unnerved by Russia’s recent actions in Ukraine.
“While talking about peace, Russia has not made one single step to make peace possible,” NATO chief Anders Fogh Rasmussen said after Ukraine-focused talks at the leaders’ summit yesterday.
“Instead of de-escalating the crisis, Russia has only deepened it,” he said, adding that previous Russian statements on peace had been “a smokescreen for continued Russian destabilisation of the situation”.
But Rasmussen left open the door to a seven-point peace plan put forward on Wednesday by Russian President Vladimir Putin, saying: “If we are witnessing genuine efforts for a political solution, I would welcome it”.
Poroshenko said he was hopeful about the plan because the initiative had come from pro-Moscow rebel leaders in eastern Ukraine.
But he added that political talks would be a “tough challenge”, warning that Ukraine’s independence and territorial integrity were “not for negotiation”.

Why this bull market is better than previous onesLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Why this bull market is better than previous ones
CNBC-TV18's Udayan Mukherjee says it is heartening to see that the market, while it makes new highs almost every other day, is punishing stocks for faltering fundamentals.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
The only reason for the market to correct right now is to catch its breath, before it takes off again, as there is nothing negative lurking around the corner that could halt the equity market bull run. That’s the word coming in from CNBC-TV18’s Udayan Mukherjee, who believes a correction, if and when it happens, is unlikely to be a massive one.
Mukherjee says it is heartening to see that the market, while it makes new highs almost every other day, is punishing stocks with faulty fundamentals. He gives an example of troubled JP Associates, which is down nearly 60 percent this year, while the Sensex and the Nifty are up over 25 percent odd.
“This tells you the rally has not been an indiscriminate one. In the past you would see many rallies, which have often meant anything high beta has actually outperformed the Nifty. That has not happened this time around. So many infra stocks are down in the last three months. Real estate as a sector has got smashed up and any stocks, without mentioning names, which owed its past gains to political patronage of some kind or has not be able to fix their balance sheet despite this kind of buoyant equity market are getting punished,” he said.
He says the right kind of stocks are getting pick up by investors.
RELATED NEWS

Ukraine signs ceasefire with Russian-backed separatistsThe Ukrainian president declared a cease-fire on Friday to end nearly five months of fighting in the nation's east region. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Belarus | Posted: September 5, 2014 11:20 pm
A cease-fire took hold Friday night in eastern Ukraine after the president’s representative signed a deal with Russian-backed separatists in an effort to bring an end to nearly five months of fighting.
President Petro Poroshenko said he ordered government forces to stop hostilities at 6 p.m. following a protocol signed by representatives of Ukraine, Russia, the rebels and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe at talks Friday in Minsk, the Belarusian capital.
“Human life is of the highest value. And we need to do everything that is possible and impossible to stop the bloodshed and end people’s suffering,” Poroshenko said in a statement.
The Donetsk separatists said on Twitter that they also have ceased fire.
After announcing the cease-fire, negotiators met for two more hours and agreed upon the withdrawal of all heavy weaponry, the release of all prisoners and the delivery of humanitarian aid to devastated cities in eastern Ukraine, Heidi Tagliavini of the OSCE told reporters in Minsk.
Mikhail Zurabov, the Russian ambassador to Ukraine who also signed the deal, described the exchange of lists of more than 1,000 prisoners from each side as a “breakthrough.”
Poroshenko said a prisoner exchange could begin as early as Saturday and international monitors from the OSCE would keep watch over the cease-fire.
With the cease-fire deal, Russian President Vladimir Putin may hope to avert a new round of sanctions, which the European Union leaders ordered Friday to be prepared.
Since mid-April, Moscow-backed separatists have been fighting government troops in eastern Ukraine in a conflict the U.N. estimates has killed nearly 2,600 people and forced hundreds of thousands to flee their homes.
“The cease-fire will allow us to save not only civilians lives, but also the lives of the people who took up arms in order to defend their land and ideals,” said Alexander Zakharchenko, the rebel leader from the Donetsk region.
Igor Plotnitsky, leader of the separatist Luhansk region, also told reporters that his forces would respect the cease-fire.
Moscow has denied reports by Ukraine, NATO and Western nations that it was backing the mutiny with weapons, supplies, and even with thousands of regular troops. But a NATO military officer told The Associated Press that the number of Russian soldiers directly involved in the conflict has grown past NATO’s earlier estimate of at least 1,000.
Leonid Kuchma, a former president of Ukraine, represented Poroshenko at the talks.
“There was a genuine desire that there will be peace in that region. I think we will achieve it,” Kuchma said. He added, however, that even though both Poroshenko and the separatist leaders have ordered their forces to stop fighting “it doesn’t mean that someone will not fire from behind the corner.”
Kuchma said they will set up a task force by continued…

A Man With a Plan to Solve Late PaymentsThis article originally appeared in Business Insider.
Christian Lanng was only 19 years old when he founded his first startup in Denmark. Although it closed after just two years, it was enough to make him the youngest division head in the Danish government.  There, he was asked to keep track of the government's 25,000-plus suppliers, who were sending over 15 million invoices every year. Because most invoices were—and still are, in a lot of companies—paper-based and mailed to buyers, it was extremely difficult to manage invoices and collect payments.
Advertisement
That's what inspired Lanng to build an electronic invoicing platform. Through his software, companies were able to send invoices and track down payments immediately. Within 10 months, 95 percent of all companies in Denmark were using it.
Fast-forward to 2009, Lanng once again felt that entrepreneurial itch. He decided to launch his own startup, based on a similar electronic invoicing idea. He called it Tradeshift. Tradeshift offers a paperless, cloud-based invoicing software. Companies are able to digitally send invoices and collect payment through it, expediting the whole payment process.  But Lanng built Tradeshift with a bigger problem in mind: boosting cash flow cycles.
Companies usually pay suppliers in 30-, 60-, and 90-day cycles. This inevitably slows down the cash collection period, and smaller companies suffer—and often go bankrupt—because cash is not immediately available.  "More than $2 trillion are locked up in late payments in the U.S.," Lanng told Business Insider, citing an industry report.
In fact, a recent survey by Basware , another e-invoicing company, revealed that over half of the companies it surveyed were actively engaged in late payments, while a third of them believe late payment was a fact of business life."  Buyers usually delay payments because they want more cash in hand to spend on more immediate needs, like R&D or dividend payouts. Because of this delay, suppliers often take out bank loans to sustain their business, which adds cost.
You get a 2.93 percent discount if you pay immediately, or pay the full amount if you wait 45 days to pay.
Tradeshift
To solve this late-payment culture, Tradeshift offers services that encourage companies to pay faster. One option is Dynamic Discounting, where companies can offer discounts to clients who pay early. Basically, the earlier the buyer agrees to pay, the less money is owed. Another is called Supply Chain Financing. With this, a third-party bank would pay the supplier immediately, at a low interest rate, and the buyer (who owes the money) would pay back the bank instead in 60 days or more. This benefits both sides of the deal because the supplier gets the cash immediately and the supplier gets to delay the payment.  "It's true that big companies can save a lot of money by delaying payments," Lanng says. "But they're also hurting themselves because suppliers could go out of business while waiting for payment. Companies could save up to $30 million a year easily, just by paying earlier."
Some of these features are available on other similar services, too, like Ariba (which was acquired by SAP for $4.3 billion) , Taulia, or Basware.  But Tradeshift is free for all suppliers, and it has a unique social-media-like layout that makes it really easy to use. Its real-time news feed enables a collaborative commenting and work-assigning environment. And it's all open source, so you can build customized apps on top of it.
Tradeshift
In its first six months of launch, Tradeshift made it into over 100 countries. Now, in a little over three years, Tradeshift has become one of the fastest-growing cloud invoicing services, with more than 500,000 clients worldwide, including DHL, Dell, and the U.K.'s National Health Service.  Over the past 18 months, Tradeshift grew 300 percent, and it is projected to process over $50 billion in annual transactions. And with roughly $130 million in funding so far, Tradeshift is worth nearly $300 million.
Because of its disruptive nature, the electronic invoicing business is quickly becoming a hot industry. But Lanng is confident that Tradeshift has cracked the code and will be able to beat out larger competitors like SAP or smaller startups like Taulia.  People always ask if I'm going to sell to SAP, and I (jokingly) tell them, 'No, I'm going to buy SAP,'" Lanng said. "We think this is the future of big businesses."

E-commerce giant Amazon s retail practices in India come under scrutinyApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Market needs $2 billion per month to sustain current rallyMarket needs Rs 12,000 crore every month to sustain current rally
Biswajit Baruah, ET Bureau Sep 6, 2014, 10.23AM IST
Tags:
FII
(The rally in August makes…)
The Indian market needs at least $2 billion, or Rs 12,000 crore, every month for the current bull-market rally to sustain, an analysis of data from the past several months shows. The rally in August makes this clearer, with mutual funds finally staging the rescue act, pumping in about Rs 7,000 crore as foreign institutional investor ( FII ) flows started withering. FIIs have invested $887 million, or Rs 5,429 crore, in the past month, which is about one-third of the previous five-month average flows ($2.3 billion).
The Indian market is the best performing one globally this year, with the Bombay Stock Exchange's benchmark Sensex gaining about 30% in dollar terms. FIIs have been the main drivers of the rally, investing more than $13 billion this year so far, the highest in an emerging market.The Sensex has been hitting new highs every month since March, when it crossed the 22,000 mark.
But, the journey henceforth won't be an easy task unless local equities continue to attract inflows of more than Rs 12,000 crore month after month.
FEATURED ARTICLES

J&K: Nine Army jawans washed away during rescue operations in flood-hit Pulwama  search onUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Pulwama: Nine personnel of the Indian Army have been washed away during rescue operations in the Pulwama district of flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir. Rescue operations for the Army soldiers is currently underway.
The team of Army personnel, who were on relief and rescue operation in Pampore area of Pulwama district, were on a boat which capsized. They are trapped in strong water currents in Jhelum River, an Army official said.
While 11 personnel managed to come back to safety, nine personnel are still trapped, he said, adding, two helicopters have been pressed into service to airlift the trapped Army personnel. "We have launched an operation to rescue them," the official said.
The situation in the state continues to be grim with a red alert being issued for parts of South Srinagar as the Jhelum has breached its embankment in Pulwama.
More than 100 people have lost their lives in the past two days in heavy rains and floods. Traffic on the Jammu-Pathankot highway has been stopped after incessant rain.
All trains bound for Katra, including the recently launched Katra Express, have been suspended after landslides at many places along the track in Udhampur in Jammu. The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) is moving teams to Srinagar and Jammu for rescue and relief operations.
Meanwhile, Home Minister Rajnath Singh held a meeting with Chief Minister Omar Abdullah to take stock of the flood situation in Jammu and Kashmir. Singh arrived in Srinagar on Saturday morning and went straight into a meeting with the CM in the technical area of the airport where both discussed steps to meet the situation arising out of the worst floods in the state in six decades.
After briefing the Home Minister, Omar himself drove Singh through the Srinagar city which is witnessing heavy rainfall since morning. Accompanied with Minister of State in PMO Jitendra Singh, the Home Minister is scheduled to conduct an aerial survey in the affected districts before proceeding to Jammu where he will undertake a similar exercise in the flood affected areas of Rajouri and Poonch districts.
Jitendra Singh, who hails from the state, would hold talks with senior administrative officials and seek ways for early resumption of yatra to Mata Vaishno Devi shrine, which has been temporarily suspended in view of the heavy rains.

J&K: 7 people die in house collapse due to landslide in UdhampurUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Jammu: Seven people were killed and a woman was seriously injured in two separate incidents of house collapse due to landslide triggered by heavy rains in Udhampur district of Jammu and Kashmir.
Seven people have died and one woman critically injured in two incidents of house collapse in Udhampur district on Saturday, DIG, Udhampur-Reasi range, Gareeb Dass said.
In the first incident, five members were killed and two went missing when a house collapsed in Rakha Jaganoo area of Ramnagar teshil in Udhampur district, he said, adding two missing are being traced as five bodies have been recovered.
Hundreds of people in migrant colonies have been shifted to safer places after the area was flooded due to heavy downpour.
In the second incident, two children died and their mother was critically injured when their house collapsed in Rakh batla belt in Udhampur today, Dass said.
The injured have been hospitalised, he said.
Hundreds of people in migrant colonies have been shifted to safer places after the area was flooded due to heavy downpour.

Nokia X2: Microsoft launches the Nokia X successor in India at Rs 8 699Urgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Beefing up its budget smartphone portfolio, Microsoft Devices today launched Nokia X2, priced at Rs 8,699, in India to compete more aggressively with the likes of Samsung as well as homegrown firms like Micromax. The Nokia X2 was unveiled globally in June as a successor to its Android-centred Nokia X handsets.
Nokia X2 is representative of the evolution of the Nokia X family, delivering an enhanced experience across user interface, hardware and apps, Microsoft said in a statement. In February this year, Nokia had announced the 'Nokia X' family of affordable smartphones, running Google's Android apps, at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona.
It has four devices - Nokia X, Nokia X+, Nokia XL and Nokia X2 -- under the Nokia X range. Microsoft also sells Asha and Lumia range of smartphones.
With a 1.2GHz dual-core Snapdragon processor on-board, the dual SIM Nokia X2 has a 4.3-inch ClearBlack display, 1GB RAM, and a 5MP rear camera.
With a 1.2GHz dual-core Snapdragon processor on-board, the dual SIM handset will have a 4.3-inch ClearBlack display, 1GB RAM, 5MP rear and VGA front camera and 1,800 mAh battery. Besides supporting Microsoft apps like Skype and Outlook, the handset will offer 15GB of free cloud storage on OneDrive.
"The enhancements on the Nokia X2 lead to a richer, faster and easier experience designed to introduce the 'next billion' people to the mobile Internet and cloud services," Nokia India Sales (a subsidiary of Microsoft Mobile Oy) Head Mobile Phones Sari Harju said.
Microsoft Devices operates the handset business acquired from Nokia earlier this year for over USD 7.2 billion. The roadmap ahead for the Nokia X family is, however, not clear.
Microsoft, in July, had said it plans to shift select products from the Android-powered range to Windows platform as it beefs up the affordable Lumia range.
The sub-Rs 10,000 smartphone category is a fiercely competed segment with international as well as homegrown players such as Micromax, Karbonn and Lava vying for a larger chunk of the market.
Microsoft estimates the affordable mobile devices market to be a "USD 50-billion annual opportunity". According to analysts, India is the fastest growing smartphone market globally with over 44 million smartphones sold last year.

Brad Pitt  Angelina Jolie  kids spend honeymoon onyachtPress Trust of India | New York | Posted: September 6, 2014 2:19 pm
Newly married couple Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie are reportedly on honeymoon with their six kids on a luxury yacht in Malta.
The stars are staying on the Athena, a three-masted schooner, which at nearly 300 feet long is the fourth-largest sailing yacht in the world, reported New York Post.
The fancy vessel can house up to 10 between its luxe master suite and four staterooms. The ship was originally built for Netscape mogul James H Clark around 2005, then reportedly listed for sale in 2012 for USD 95 million.
Pitt and Jolie have been shooting their upcoming film ‘By the Sea’ — the first they’ve starred in together since they met in 2005’s ‘Mr & Mrs Smith’ — during their honeymoon. Its plot, written by Jolie, is being kept under wraps.

Not in fray but BSP to supportIndependentsMayawati has instructed three party leaders Naseemuddin Siddiqui, Ram Achal Rajbhar and Swami Prasad Maurya to choose the Independent candidates.
Written by Ramendra Singh | Lucknow | Posted: September 6, 2014 2:11 pm
Even as the BSP is staying  away from the bypolls on 11 Assembly and one Lok Sabha seats, it has now decided to support Independent candidates to initiate the mobilisation of its cadre, which is on a low after the party’s rout in Lok Sabha elections earlier this year.
According to party sources, the BSP workers will not only vote for the candidates selected by the party, they will also tell supporters to vote for the chosen candidates. The party will use its organisational structure up to the booth level in the constituencies going for bypoll on September 13, a senior party leader said on condition of anonymity.
BSP chief Mayawati has instructed three party leaders — Naseemuddin Siddiqui, Ram Achal Rajbhar and Swami Prasad Maurya — to choose the Independent candidates but has asked them neither to endorse these candidates publicly nor share stage with them.
“No party leader will tell these Independent candidates about BSP supporting them. They will learn through our cadres telling supporters to vote for them and when they (the Independents) get the votes in their favour,” Rajbhar told The Indian Express.
A total of 43 Independent candidates are fighting on 11 Assembly constituencies, with Balha in Bahraich having only one Independent candidate and Lucknow East having the maximum seven.  Eight Independents are in the fray for the lone Lok Sabha seat, Mainpuri.
The source added the leaders are likely to finalise the names of the Independent candidates to whom the party will extend “secret, outside support”,
Significantly, the BSP has to exercise caution as several Independents enter the electoral fray only to help a mainstream party’s candidate by cutting rival votes, a BSP leader explained.
Supporting Independents will also help the party test its hold on its core vote base of Dalits and keep them away from BJP. Moreover, the leader said, regardless of the outcome of the bypolls, the party cadres’ morale will not take a hit as there are no official candidates fighting for the party.

BITS  AGM on Sept 30  2014Sep 06, 2014, 02.06 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
BITS' AGM on Sept 30, 2014
Bits Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 06, 2014, has transacted that Annual General Meeting will be convened on September 30, 2014 at 10.00 A.M.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
BITS' AGM on Sept 30, 2014
Bits Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 06, 2014, has transacted that Annual General Meeting will be convened on September 30, 2014 at 10.00 A.M.
Post your opinion here
 
Bits Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 06, 2014, has transacted the following :- Annual General Meeting will be convened on September 30, 2014 at 10.00 A.M.Source : BSE

Elizabeth Hurleys kiss sells for USD81 000Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: September 6, 2014 2:40 pm
A kiss from model-actress Elizabeth Hurley sold for USD 81,000 at a fund raising auction for Elton John’s AIDS Foundation.
The smooch was bought by winner Julian Bharti as part of the auction and dinner at the music legend’s Woodside End of Summer Party, which brought in money for the singer’s charity, reported E!Online.
Hurley, 49, looked absolutely stunning in a cream mini dress and gold strappy sandals. She also draped a fur stole around her shoulders and accessorised her look with some neck and ear bling, along with a gold sparkly clutch bag.
Guests including Ian MCKellen, Ellie Goulding and Lulu splashed out USD 5,100 each on tickets to the exclusive gala, which was held in the grounds of John’s mansion in Berkshire.

Sensex ends fourth straight week ingreenIt was a positive week for the markets, with the benchmark indices advancing in three out of five sessions. (Reuters)
Mumbai | Posted: September 6, 2014 2:37 pm
The benchmark indices ended flat on Friday ahead of the US jobs data. The 50-unit S&P CNX Nifty held onto the psychological 8,000-mark. The BSE benchmark Sensex ended fourth straight week in the green with gains of 1.45%.
On Friday, the foreign institutional investors (FIIs) bought shares worth $51.75 million, while domestic institutional investors sold shares worth $59.13 million, according to provisional data on the exchanges. In year-to-date, FIIs have bought shares worth $13.7 billion.
On Friday, the 30-share BSE Sensex ended lower by 59.23 points or 0.22% to 27,026.70 points, while the broader 50-share Nifty shed 9.10 points or 0.11% to close at 8,086.85 points.
The US jobs data, which was released later in the day cast doubts over recovery of the world’s largest economy. According to a Bloomberg report, 142,000 jobs were added in August; breaking a string of payroll gains of more than 200,000 in calender year 2014.
The markets were kept in check with more than 2% declines in HDFC and Hero Motocorp. Coal India (CIL) ended 1.8% lower after the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) said that surplus coal from captive mines should not be transferred to the CIL units as it may lead to disputes over fuel quality and result in transit losses. Among other bluechipss, Bhel (-1.5%), ICICI Bank (-1.46%) and Tata Motors (-1.27%) were the major losers.
It was a positive week for the markets, with the benchmark indices advancing in three out of five sessions. With the economy growing at a two-year high of 5.7% in June quarter; the markets touched all-time highs on Monday.
The markets notched further gains on Tuesday with the current account deficit (CAD) narrowing to 1.7% of GDP in June quarter from 4.8% in the year-ago period.
Among its peers, most of the Asian markets edged lower on Friday. The Nikkei 225 (-0.05%), Hang Seng (-0.23%), Kospi (-0.33%), Straits Times (-0.14%) and Taiwan Taiex (-0.22%) ended in the red. The European markets were showing a mixed trend with the FTSE and CAC trading marginally in the red, while the DAX seeing moderate gains.
Back home, 17 of the 30 Sensex stocks ended in the red on Friday. In the broader market, breadth was strong with 1,739 stocks traded on the BSE ending higher compared with 1,262 declines. Among sectoral indices, BSE Auto (-0.65%), BSE Bankex (-0.30%) and BSE FMCG (-0.32%) were the major losers.
The NSE cash turnover on Friday was at R17,599 crore, the turnover in the exchange’s F&O segment stood at R1.69 lakh crore.
Experts say the upcoming festive season would set the near-term tone of the markets. “Festive season consumption (government revenue outlook) and important reforms (especially in oil & gas sector) post Maharashtra/Haryana elections are the near-term triggers. Other continued…

Heidi Klum loves to cook with fourkidsPress Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: September 6, 2014 2:25 pm
Actress Heidi Klum says she likes to involve all four of her kids when she prepares meals at home. The ‘Project Runway’ host said it is important to know the culinary skills, reported Us magazine.
“(My kids) cook everything with me. They barbecue with me, they chop with me. The little one washes. Everyone has their part to do, because I think it’s important they see how food is made, how a dish is made. A lot of younger people nowadays don’t know how to cook. No one taught them. So I think it’s important to teach that to them,” she said.
Klum is also teaching her kids the importance of giving back. “Whenever there are toys they don’t want to play with anymore, or duplicates of a game they already have, I give the product away,” she added.

I would rather win the World Cup than win this series  says AlastairCookPress Trust of India | Leeds | Posted: September 6, 2014 2:22 pm
England captain Alastair Cook expressed satisfaction after his side’s 41-run win over India in the fifth One-day International at Headlingly, but was also concerned that this was yet another ODI series loss for them.
India won the five-match series 3-1 despite the loss in the inconsequential match on Friday.
“We badly needed to win this. It becomes slightly frustrating because if you play like that, you’ll win a lot more games. We did a lot of things very well, and a lot of things we know we had to do and haven’t been doing in previous games, like one of those guys, top four or five going on and getting a big score, and then the others can support him. I thought we played nicely with the bat, and 300 was always a good score on that wicket,” Cook said.
“The bottom line is we have lost a series. It’s nice to win today (Friday). I’d rather win the World Cup than win this series. We’ve got a great opportunity as a side now, for six months to work on our one-day game,” he added.
Joe Root hit his second ODI hundred – 113 runs – as the hosts scored their highest total of the series, racking up 294/7 in their 50 overs.
“Root was obviously the difference. You can get two or three guys getting 20, 30s and 40s if someone else goes on and gets a hundred off 100 balls. You can speak about it enough, and get told you’ve got the wrong tactics. But it’s not the wrong tactics. It’s just people not doing their job very well. We haven’t done that for three games, but we did today (Friday),” said the English skipper.
“After the first couple of games, Root learned from that and he’ll learn from this hundred. But it was a fantastic hundred, to score a run-a-ball on that wicket. You saw a lot of the other guys struggle to do that. He played beautifully. If we do that, we’re a tough side to beat,” he added.
England did make a couple of big changes though, playing two off-spinners in the same side and even pushing Moeen Ali up to number three.
“The idea will be to have a batter in the top six who bowls. That balances your side a lot better. We had a lot of options today (Friday) with the ball, which is nice as a captain. But the only way of doing that is playing a batter who bowls in the top six,” said Cook about the Ali move.
“Unfortunately, this series has probably shown up a few more questions than answers, and we’re going to have to go away and think about it quite hard.”
The ECB has scheduled a crisis meeting for some time next week to review this ODI series loss and it is understood that Cook’s ODI captaincy will also come under continued…

"Russia  will react  if EU implements new sa...European Union
(Russia's Foreign Ministry…)
MOSCOW: Russia's Foreign Ministry vowed on Saturday to react if the European Union implements new sanctions against Moscow over its role in the Ukraine crisis.
The EU announced the additional measures late on Friday but said they could be suspended if Moscow withdraws its troops from Ukraine and observes a newly agreed ceasefire in eastern Ukraine.
The new sanctions include adding a further 24 people to a list of people barred from entry to the 28-nation bloc and whose assets are frozen. They are due to be implemented on Monday.
"If they (new sanctions) are implemented of course there will be a reaction from our side," the ministry said in a statement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold dips below Rs 28K level on weak global cuesNew Delhi, September 3, 2014
Updated: September 3, 2014 17:00 IST
Gold dips below Rs 28K level on weak global cues
PTI
The Hindu Gold coins showcased at a jewellery show room in Kochi. A file photo: K.K. Mustafah.
TOPICS
gold and precious material
Continuing its losing streak for the fourth straight day, gold prices dipped below the Rs 28,000-level by falling Rs 70 to hit over two-month low of Rs 27,950 per 10 grams in New Delhi on Wednesday on sustained selling by stockists amid a weakening global trend.
Silver also fell by Rs 350 to Rs 42,350 per kg on reduced offtake by coin makers.
Sentiments remained bearish as gold and silver tumbled to the lowest since June in global markets as US manufacturing in August expanded at the fastest pace in three years, bolstering prospects for the economy and dampening demand for the metal, traders said.
Gold in New York, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, dropped 1.7 per cent to $ 1,263.10, the lowest since June 17. Silver also fell 1.7 per cent to $ 19.11, the lowest since June 10.
Besides, the strengthening rupee against the dollar made import of precious metals cheaper and diversion of funds towards record-breaking equity market dampened the sentiment, they said.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity remained under selling pressure and shed another Rs 70 each to Rs 27,950 and Rs 27,750 per 10 grams, respectively, a level last seen on June 17. The yellow metal had lost Rs 280 in last three days.
Sovereign, however, remained steady at Rs 24,600 per piece of eight grams in restricted buying.
In line with a general weak trend, silver dropped further by Rs 350 to Rs 42,350 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 450 to Rs 41,740 per kg. The white metal had lost Rs 100 yesterday.
Sovereign, however, continued to be traded at last level of Rs 74,000 for buying and Rs 75,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Modify debt portfolio to minimize impact of new tax rulesStory
Making the Right Moves
We suggest changes you should make in your debt portfolio to minimise the impact of the new tax rules
Dipak Mondal      Follow @dipdown80    Edition: September 2014
Making the Right Moves
Debt funds have lost their advantage over bank fixed deposits. The Union Budget has increased the period after which gains from them will be considered as long-term from 12 months to 36 months.
This could prove to be a body blow for debt funds, which account for 75% of the mutual fund industry 's assets under management (AUM) of over Rs 10 lakh crore. Though most of the money parked in debt funds comes from companies, retail investors will also be hit as there are debt funds-such as fixed maturity plans (FMPs) and monthly income plans (MIPs)-that have been designed specifically for retail customers.
The change calls for modification of investors' debt portfolio. Before we give suggestions on how to go about it, here's a low-down on how the Budget proposal impacts your investments.
WHAT DID IT SAY?
The Budget has increased the longterm capital gains tax on non-equity mutual funds from 10% to 20% without indexation. Tax rates for long-term capital gains 'with indexation' remain the same.
Indexation is adjusting the amount invested with inflation to arrive at a new higher purchase price. This is deducted from the investment value at redemption to arrive at capital gains on which tax is to be paid. That is why indexation reduces capital gains for taxation. The benefit is only for long-term capital gains.
The Budget has also increased the period for which one has to remain invested for these gains to be considered as long-term from 12 months to 36 months.
 
HOW IT IMPACTS YOU
If you invested in a 370-day FMP in the last week of March 2014 with the aim of benefiting from double indexation (by taking the indexation benefit for two years) by redeeming the investment in April 2015, you will not be able to do so because indexation benefits now kick in only if you have remained invested for more than 36 months.
The question now is where to invest for one-three years as FMPs for that period are no longer attractive. "Investors will have to weigh the alternatives. I think FMPs, despite the new tax rules, still score over bank FDs," says Bexy Kuriakose, head of fixed income, Principal Mutual Fund.
DOES THIS CALL FOR A CHANGE IN DEBT STRATEGY?
Yes. With tax benefit on debt funds with maturity of up to three years coming to an end, your short-term investments have to be based on your risk appetite and liquidity.
"Investors will now have to assess their risk profile first before deciding whether to invest in debt funds or bank FDs," says Manish Jain, a certified financial planner.
Here's how you can change your portfolio to match your risk profile, maturity and return expectations.
If you are risk-averse: Go for bank/corporate FDs. Banks are offering 9-9.5% on three-year deposits. Some corporate deposits are offering slightly more.
One big plus of this is that the returns are guaranteed, though there are some disadvantages as well. Liquidity, for one, is an issue. FDs have a fixed tenure. Premature withdrawal is allowed but on payment of penalty. Usually, in case of premature withdrawal, the rate of interest is reduced by one percentage point.
"You plan to buy a car in, say, two years and accordingly lock your money in an FD of similar tenure. Now, if you delay the plan, FD does not give you the flexibility to change the withdrawal date. This option is there in open-ended debt funds," says Suresh Sadogopan, founder, Ladder7 Financial Advisories.
Try actively-managed funds if you are not averse to risk: The tax arbitrage may be gone but debt funds can generate higher returns than banks FDs because of exposure to a diverse set of securities, including corporate debt, government securities and other money market instruments. For investments up to one year, you can invest in liquid and ultra liquid funds. They invest mostly in money market instruments such as certificates of deposits (CDs) and commercial papers (CPs).
"If one is looking for a product with the same risk profile as FMPs, one may opt for ultra short-term funds, which invest mostly in money market instruments," says Alok Singh, chief investment officer, Bharti Axa Investment Managers.
Liquid funds invest in securities with maturity of not more than 90 days, while ultra short-term funds can invest in securities with tenure of more than 90 days.
However, liquid and ultra short-term funds are actively-managed (which means fund managers change portfolio frequently to generate better returns). Therefore, their fund management charges are higher than that for FMPs, which are passively-managed (securities are held till maturity).
For two-three years, short and medium-term income funds can be ideal given that interest rates are not likely to go up from here. Income funds mostly invest in corporate bonds and government securities, and, therefore, are more volatile than FMPs, which follow the hold-to-maturity strategy.
Roll Over FMPs which mature next year: If you had invested in an FMP in the last week of March with the aim of redeeming it sometime in April 2015, you will not be able to avail of the indexation benefit for two years now.
You can either redeem your investment next year and pay shortterm capital gains or roll it over to three years. Fund houses are allowing investors to extend the investment period from one year to three years. However, the rolling-over strategy has a catch. The risk profile of three-year FMPs will be different from that of one-year FMPs.
"Three-year FMPs will mostly invest in long-term debt papers such as corporate bonds and not in money market instruments (like one-year FMPs). This makes threeyear FMPs riskier than the oneyear schemes," says Alok Singh of Bharti Axa Mutual Fund. 
Park your money in arbitrage funds: Arbitrage funds invest in shares but generate returns from the difference in price of same shares on different exchanges or between spot and futures markets. This is a low-risk strategy which often generates better returns than are given by liquid or ultra shortterm funds. The best thing about these is that they are considered equity for tax purposes. So, there is no longterm capital gains tax (after a year), while short-term capital gains are taxed at 15%.
Opt for dividend option if you are in the highest (30%) tax bracket: Though this may not offer much relief, under the dividend option, you pay an overall tax of 28.325% (25% +10% surcharge +3% education cess) compared to 30.09% (including education cess) shortterm capital gains tax you will otherwise pay. Those who earn more than Rs 1 crore (tax slab 33.99%) could save up to 5.5 percentage points by opting for dividend plans.
Under the dividend option, a part of the capital appreciation is paid through dividends. As and when the dividend is paid, the net asset value, or NAV, the per unit price of the fund, comes down by the same proportion as the dividend paid.
For example, if the NAV of the fund is Rs 15, and it pays Rs 3 a unit as dividend, the NAV comes down to Rs 12. If the investor decides to redeem his units at that price, his total capital gains will be Rs 2 (assuming he bought them at Rs 10). So, he will have to pay 30.09% (33.99%) tax on Rs 2 and 28.325% on Rs 3.

Monsoon rains seen active  no sign of retreatMonsoon rains seen active, no sign of retreat
Ratnajyoti Dutta        Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 12:19 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
India's monsoon will be active next week, with the four-month long season showing no signs of retreating, weather officials forecast on Thursday, promising more rains over crop-producing regions.
A late finish will improve the growth prospects for most summer crops such as rice, sugarcane, soybean and cotton in one of the world's leading producers of farm commodities.
Monsoon usually displays signs of a retreat in early September from western regions.
But rains revived in the past week, including over the grain bowl in the Northwest, the soybean belt and cotton areas after a three-week lull, the weather office said.
Rainfall for the week ended on September 3 was 24 per cent above the normal level for this time of year, a reversal from the previous week, which was 22 per cent below normal.
The annual monsoon rains are vital because over half of India's farmlands lack irrigation, and the farm sector accounts for 14 per cent of the national economy.
"Most of the summer crops are in vegetative growth stage, and free from any major pest or insect attacks," JS Sandhu, the country's farm commissioner, said.
Monsoon rain in India is the leading determinant of rural spending on consumer goods ranging from lipstick to cars as two-thirds of its 1.2 billion people live in villages. Its failure pushes up food prices.
DROUGHT & FLOOD
An erratic monsoon last month featured long dry spells in some states in the grain bowl and floods in other areas in northern and eastern regions.
Heavy rain in Kashmir inundated many villages, killing 65 people, including a wedding party on a bus that was swept away, officials said.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh has cancelled his visit to the border state from Friday due to the incessant rain.
On Wednesday, Haryana became the first province of the monsoon season to declare drought.
Union Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh said any states could use the central government's drought-relief schemes including subsidies on diesel to power the pumping of water to parched fields.
But demands for drought relief from the budget will qualify only after an evaluation of the ground situation by a team of farm experts, he added.
RETREAT PHASE
A delay in the monsoon's retreat could narrow the shortfall in this season's rainfall and aid the growth process of the summer crops, which were sown late due to the poor rains.
"The monsoon will be in an active phase until early next week," DS Pai, the lead forecaster of the Indian weather office, told Reuters.
A delayed retreat will also aid the sowing of winter crops such as wheat and rapeseed, which are mainly planted in irrigated areas where late summer rains would improve reservoir levels.
Rains this season were 43 per cent below the normal level in June, 10 per cent below normal in the key planting month of July and again 10 per cent below in August.
(Additional reporting by Mayank Bhardwaj in New Delhi; Fayaz Bukhari in Srinagar)
- Reuters

Mary Kom  movie review: Priyanka Chopra does a good jobPrint
Priyanka Chopra's Mary Kom review.
Written by Shubhra Gupta | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 3:03 pm | Updated: September 7, 2014 11:47 am
Cast: Priyanka Chopra, Darshan Kumar, Sunil Thapa
Director: Omung Kumar
Rating: **1/2
A biopic which starts with the caveat `based on the life incidents of’ immediately makes you suspicious. Why not just say : ‘based on the life of’? Is it because too many cinematic liberties have been taken in the telling? In other words, is ‘Mary Kom’ really the story of Mangte Chungneijang Mary Kom, the champion boxer from Manipur, who’s done India proud? Or is it just another heavily-embroidered Bollywood movie?
After a point it doesn’t matter, and that’s where ‘Mary Kom’ the movie makes the cut. Priyanka Chopra who plays Kom, does a good job of getting into the part. You can see her striving for rustic chic, which contrasts with sudden svelteness. You can hear her accent slipping. In places, you can see the overhang of Hollywood boxing movies, more ‘Rocky’ than ‘ Raging Bull’. Despite these things, Priyanka Chopra hooks a mean left, and makes me root for Mary Kom, champion boxer, wife and mother.
That’s half the battle won, and it is the crucial one. Because this film shows us just how tough it is for mainstream Bollywood to make a good, gritty sports bio-pic. A boxer, regardless of gender, gets bruised and bloody in the ring. Bones are crunched. It is a magnificent sport, its ugly folds hiding its beauty. Chopra’s ugliness and bloodiness is carefully done : it’s only as much as the filmmakers think we can handle without making us wince. Still, it’s something.
Mary Kom’s coach, played by Sunil Thapa, has the right burly physique for a pugilist. But Thapa is made to play him a tad filmi and broad : all the big life lessons Kom learns are delivered by him. `I lub boxing’, she says. `You have to give your life to it’, he replies, sonorously. And you flashback to the marvelously real Clint Eastwood as coach to Hillary Swank in ‘Million Dollar Baby’, another underdog female boxer film.
The best man in Kom’s life is her husband, nicely underplayed by Darshan Kumar. Behind every successful woman there may be a man, and that man, in Kom’s life, is not her taciturn ‘coach sir’, but her amazingly supportive spouse. Again, to see such a liberated ‘man’ makes you wonder if truly such a creature exists, or has he been made so for the sake of the movie?
Whatever, the message that goes out via their relationship is a worthy one : mothers are people first, and they do not need to give up on their dreams if they have the right partner. A scene has two men holding the two babies, and another message goes out : a father can be a perfectly competent parent, too.
The film gets bloated by extraneous songs. In its zeal to tell us how Kom is also a committed mom ( to an adorable set of twins , one of whom gets continued…

PNB challenges HC order allowing KFA representationPNB challenges HC order allowing Kingfisher to be represented
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 19:12 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
State-run Punjab National Bank has challenged a Delhi High Court order allowing lawyers to represent Kingfisher Airlines in proceedings initiated by the bank to decide whether the grounded carrier and its regulators are wilful defaulters for non-payment of dues.
The PSU-lender in its plea has sought setting aside of the high court's August 28 order which had also stayed the bank's notice to the extent it threatened to hold the airlines and its guarantors United Breweries (Holdings) Ltd (UBHL) and Vijay Mallya as wilful defaulters in the event of no reply within seven days from August 21.
The court had said the operation of the default notice would not come into effect as PNB will have to give to the airline, within a week from August 28, the documents relied upon by it and Kingfisher was given two weeks time thereafter to respond.
In its appeal PNB said the airline had not disclosed that a similar plea of the carrier, against United Bank of India, was dismissed by a division bench of the Calcutta High Court on July 16.
It has also submitted that the airline's appeal against the Calcutta High Court's decision was dismissed by the Supreme Court on September 2.
"Set aside the impugned judgement and order dated August 28, 2014 passed by the single judge of the high court," the bank's petition has prayed.
The Delhi High Court in its August 28 order had held as "unacceptable" the bank's reasons for not allowing the airlines to be represented by lawyers in the proceedings initiated to decide whether the grounded carrier is a wilful defaulter for non-payment of dues and directed that two advocates be allowed to represent Kingfisher.
Kingfisher had moved the court seeking directions to the bank to rescind its August 21 notice and those issued earlier as well as to restrain it from taking any action against the airlines in pursuance of the same.
The court had also said that the hearing before the committee will be held on September 22 and would be concluded the same day within six hours in order to prevent any delay in the issue.
According to PNB, the airline has wilfully defaulted in payment of outstanding dues of over Rs 774 crore.
It has also submitted that Kingfisher Airlines has already been held as a wilful defaulter by United Bank of India for non-payment of dues.
The bank's appeal is likely to come up for hearing next week.

Mary Kom: About the heroine  not the boxerSpecial Arrangement A still from the movie Mary Kom
TOPICS
Hindi cinema
How desperate for audience empathy must you be to almost kill an infant to get tears from the audience? Wait, isn’t this supposed to be a biopic about a boxer? But director Omung Kumar is so insecure about his boxing climax that he decides to intercut it with an infant fighting for his life on the operation table.
A tiny peanut of a baby with a hole in his heart has stopped breathing when Mary Mom has been knocked out (almost, of course) far from home at a world boxing championship.
This has to go down as one of the most manipulative segments in the history of Indian cinema.
Oh yes, we are supposed to relax because it’s a Bollywood film and we can’t expect any less from it, especially from a Sanjay Leela Bhansali production (Bhansali is also the creative director and we can see his touch).
While biopics can be allowed cinematic liberties and the freedom of interpretation, how much is too much really? When does it go from “based on a true story” to “inspired from a true story”? This biopic is mostly inspired by the life of Mary Kom and hardly based on it.
Mary Kom was a modern woman with a mind of her own. Even a simple Wikipedia search will tell you that this fighter did not feel the need to quit boxing just because she got married. She continued fighting even after 2005.
Yet, the conflict here seems to say: “Oh God, she got married and became a mother! How can she box now? She is destined to havaldar jobs and fading away!”
The real Mary Kom never quit, married or not. To make her a quitter just for the sake of conflict and to use marriage as the obstacle is not only inaccurate but also regressive. To make a truly modern film and do justice to the spirit of Magnificent Mary, they ought to have shown the spirit with which she took pregnancy in her stride without making a big deal of it.
This daughter of a farmer had a mind of her own and fought a difficult system – a corrupt Federation, a patriarchal society, and the most aggressive of world champions – but to show her fighting this without a conflict would mean no interval block… And to show her fight without baggage in the climax would mean no audience empathy? These are assumptions the makers have made.
So what we get is a film with unwarranted, poorly manufactured melodrama that only reinforces old school beliefs – that it is indeed difficult for a woman to get back to her career after she gets married.
But P.C… Priyanka Chopra, like M.C. Mary Kom, is a fighter. She packs in quite a punch here. The spirited actress rises above the material and makes us invest in her. She owns the film and does full justice to the spirit of the world champion, making all that criticism about her casting irrelevant. Ask Mary Kom if she would have preferred a lesser-known actor from the North East to play her instead of Priyanka Chopra. The answer is a no-brainer.
The idea of making a biopic, after all, is to make sure more people know about the person the film wants to celebrate. We understand eulogising is a part of that package but making the person, and a cutesy Manipuri baby, suffer on screen just to win the audience over is a bit of a shame. Mary Kom deserved a better film.
Go watch it anyway to celebrate the heroine, if not the boxer. Well done, PC. Knockout performance, indeed.
Genre: Biopic
Director: Omung Kumar
Cast: Priyanka Chopra, Sunil Thapa, Darshan Kumar
Storyline: A three-time world champion needs to get back to boxing after becoming a mother of twins
Bottomline: Priyanka Chopra rises above a generic script, predictable treatment and an extremely manipulative narrative.

PM Modi to review progress of Aadhaar project on Sep 6PM Modi to review progress of Aadhaar project on Sep 6
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 6, 2014  | 10:28 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has called a meeting on Saturday to take stock of progress in the Aadhaar project, which the new government will use as a tool for its various welfare schemes including the Jan Dhan Yojana .
" Prime Minister has called a meeting of top officials to review the Aadhaar project. He wants to have a re-look at the progress of the project, particularly in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar where other schemes are facing difficulties due to low Aadhaar enrolments," sources said.
At present, 66.99 crore Aadhaar numbers have been issued.
In Uttar Pradesh, about 4.62 crore Aadhaar numbers have been issued against a population of 19.95 crore. In Bihar, around 1.41 crore Aadhaar numbers have been issued against a population of about 10.38 crore.
The meeting will be attended by Communications and IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad among other Cabinet members, the sources added.
"Prime Minister wants the project to be completed as soon as possible so that it can be used for the various welfare initiatives and programmes of the government including the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana ," sources said.
Under Aadhar project, Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) issues unique identification number to residents and collects their biometric details.
These days many service providers like banks are using Aadhar as KYC detail for opening new accounts.
The previous UPA government had entrusted UIDAI, which issues unique identification numbers to residents, to start enrolments in four more states - Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Chhattisgarh and Uttarakhand - in February 2014.
There are around 40 crore people in these four states, which were earlier covered under the National Population Register (NPR) project of the Home Ministry.
In the backdrop of slow progress by NPR in these states, the government is pushing for the Aadhaar enrolments in these four states and other parts of the country.
UIDAI was established in 2009 to generate and assign unique identity numbers for residents of India.

Censor Board should be consistent: Deepika PadukonePress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 9:20 am
Deepika Padukone’s dialogue ‘I am a virgin’ in her upcoming quirky comedy ‘Finding Fanny’ has not gone down well with the Censor Board which has objected to the use of the ‘virgin’ word and has asked the film’s makers to replace it.
The 28-year-old actress questioned the Censor Board of Film Certification (CBFC) for not being consistent in its guidelines as it gave a green signal to the word in the trailer of the film.
“I feel there is no consistency… If it is allowed in the trailer, then why not the film? A trailer released before also get a censor certificate. We are not against the Censor Board at any level, nor are we trying to question them. In fact, people watch the trailer much more than actually going to a theatre and watching the film,” she told reporters here during the promotion of the film.
In Pics: Arjun Kapoor, Deepika Padukone battle it out in badminton
According to the film’s trailer, Deepika plays a widow and uses the dialogue when her husband dies on the wedding day. Directed by ‘Cocktail’ director Homi Adajania, ‘Finding Fanny’ is an English/Hindi satirical film. It is releasing on September 12.
Homi is clueless about his next step and said he is yet to think any replacement for the word. “We had asked CBFC why the dialogue could not be used in the film. They just said that it doesn’t sound good and asked us to find an alternative word for it. I really don’t know why the word in the film is such a problem. I don’t know what to do,” he said.
The Goa-based film narrates the story of five odd balls who are on a journey to find an old postman’s childhood love, Stefanie ‘Fanny’ Fernandes. It also stars Arjun Kapoor, Pankaj Kapur, Dimple Kapadia and Naseeruddin Shah.
The film will also be screened at the upcoming Busan International Film Festival .
We are not against the Censor Board at any level, nor are we trying to question them.

Slow governance responsible for decline in growthenvironment
(In the first quarter of 2014-15…)
NEW DELHI: Attributing decline in economic growth to "slow governance" and faulty allocation of natural resources, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has said GDP will improve to 7 per cent in next three years on back of political stability.
"The sharp slowdown in GDP from 8-9 per cent growth to 4-5 per cent in the last two years was caused by issues such as environment and land acquisition problems, delays in withdrawal of fiscal and monetary stimulus, irregularities around allocation of natural resources and slow governance," a Citi report quoted Rajan as saying.
Rajan had addressed a group of investors in Boston yesterday.
"On the back of political stability, improved business and investment climate, GDP growth is poised to improve towards 7 per cent over the next three years," he said.
India's economic growth has slipped to sub-5 per cent in 2013-14 and 2012-13 fiscals. In the current financial year, RBI estimates the growth to be 5.5 per cent.
In the first quarter of 2014-15 fiscal, the GDP improved to 5.7 per cent, from 4.6 per cent in the corresponding period a year ago.
Referring to the recent judgement of the Supreme Court on coal block allocation, Rajan said it "may create uncertainty in the short term, but long term, it is a positive development".
As regards the inflation, he said it is still high because of supply side rigidities. "Food inflation is a source of discomfort and given the sub-par monsoon this year, there is a need to keep an eye on food inflation," he said.
Food inflation in July stood at 8.43 per cent. The retail inflation was 7.96 per cent and WPI inflation was 5.19 per cent.
The RBI targets to contain retail inflation at 8 per cent this year and 6 per cent by next year through a sound monetary policy framework.
Rajan said, barring unforeseen external macro shocks, containment of the Current Account Deficit (CAD) and fiscal consolidation is likely to continue.
"Fiscal slippage has been arrested, but the quality of the deficit could be improved - particularly on the subsidy rationalisation and capital expenditure front," he said.
The government aims to bring down fiscal deficit to 4.1 per cent this fiscal. The CAD, which is the difference between inflow and outflow of foreign exchange, narrowed sharply to $ 7.8 billion (1.7 per cent of GDP) in the first quarter of the 2014-15 fiscal. It was $ 21.8 billion (4.8 per cent of GDP) in the year-ago period.
Rajan said RBI considers it prudent to be prepared for the eventual exit from low rates.
Rajan's vision for India's banking system involves a more competitive banking structure.
Stressing that India needs more banks, he said that the RBI was a little more conservative in the current round of licensing, given that it was timed around the elections.
The RBI, he said, will come out with a framework on the NBFC sector, which needs to complement the banking sector.
PSU banks, he said, constitute 70 per cent of the total banking sector assets.
"The government needs to improve the governance of PSU banks before it can reduce its stake in them," Rajan said.
To facilitate greater participation of foreign banks, the RBI might relook at priority sector lending norms, he said, adding one possible solution could involve domestic banks doing more agriculture lending and foreign banks doing more SME lending.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Expose poachers  Kejriwal tells AAP MLAs as fight for Delhi intensifiesExpose ‘poachers’, Kejriwal tells AAP MLAs as fight for Delhi intensifies
Darpan Singh , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 06, 2014
First Published: 10:21 IST(6/9/2014) | Last Updated: 15:18 IST(8/9/2014)
Comments
Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Arvind Kejriwal on Friday told his MLAs to “engage” with “those out to poach legislators” and expose “such elements” at an opportune time.
Kejriwal’s instruction came amid reports that Lt Governor Najeeb Jung may invite the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) to form a government in Delhi.
 
Kejriwal and other party leaders had in the past accused the BJP of trying to poach AAP MLAs to stitch together a majority.
Party leaders will meet the President on Saturday and request him to ensure that the BJP could not form a government in Delhi.  
We r meeting the President tomo at 6.30 pm to request him to intervene and prevent BJP from forming govt dishonestly
— Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) September 5, 2014
“Kejriwal has told MLAs to record the conversations if people approach them for support and try to identify — when the call is on— the callers or people behind. The party will do an expose if it comes to a trust vote on the floor of the house,” said a party source.
 
The BJP with its ally had 32 MLAs in the House but three of them were elected to the Lok Sabha, bringing the number down to 29. The AAP had won 28 in the 2013 assembly elections and later formed the government with outside support from the Congress’ eight MLAs. It later quit the government to fight the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.
The AAP also launched a fierce online campaign even as its leaders reacted sharply to reports that Jung may invite the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Read: BJP is likely to give govt formation in Delhi a shot
AAP leader Ashutosh said it would be unconstitutional if a party, which had once refused to form a government because of inadequate numbers, was invited with even fewer numbers.
Manish Sisodia said the act (a possible invite to BJP) was against the spirit of the Constitution. “A government of horse-trading will not control inflation, power crisis, and the BJP doesn’t have the courage to face elections and is trying the back door to ridicule democracy.”
Another AAP leader, Somnath Bharti, said he would tonsure his head if such a thing happened. “BJP is hungry for power. They are not the choice of the people. Fresh elections must be held in Delhi,” Bharti said.
The social media team of Aam Aadmi Party launched a campaign to stall any such possible move. It asked people to speak out against the reported move to invite the BJP.
“Give the government a piece of your mind: record your video opposing and share with us,” said one of the Aam Aadmi Party messages. The party invited missed calls to spread the word.

Hotel industry on path of revival; EIH  Indian Hotels top betsYou are here: Home > Collections > Government
Hotel industry on path of revival; EIH, Indian Hotels top bets
Sep 6, 2014, 12.42PM IST
Tags:
(A sudden downturn in the…)
By D K Aggarwal
Growth in the economy has a direct bearing on the performance of the hospitality industry. Domestic market sentiment has improved since the Narendra Modi-led NDA government came to power with a clear mandate.
The country witnessed huge fund inflows of both foreign institutional investment (FII) and foreign direct investment ( FDI ). Macro data for the quarter ended June 2014 is also pointing towards a gradual pickup in the economic activities.
Inflation, which is acting as a road block for the RBI, is also expected to calm down going forward on the back of a decline in crude oil prices on the international front and a revival of monsoon back home.
On the earnings front, the June 2014 quarterly results of Indian Inc indicated revival in their performance and the managements were also optimistic about the future growth opportunities.
Moreover, foreign tourist arrivals (FTAs) for the period between January and June 2014 grew by 5.2% to 35.43 lakh as against 33.68 lakh in the same period the previous year. This growth was slightly higher than 4.5 per cent reported in January to June 2013.
Besides, the government is also taking initiatives to revive the hotel industry , which is under pressure for the last couple of years. In the past many years companies have undertaken huge expansion plans and have added huge debts in their books.
A sudden downturn in the economy has adversely affected the industry in terms of a drastic fall in the occupancy rate as a result reduction in room rate. The companies in the industry also witnessed slowdown in restaurants and conference facilities.
The government, while presenting the Budget for 2014-15, proposed introduction of Electronic Travel Authorisation (e-Visa) in a phased manner. Once implemented, this will be a big positive for the industry.
Besides, the government has also made the classification procedure simple for the industry and de-linked the classification process for four and five-star hotels from the mandatory liquor services.
Meanwhile the government is focusing on ensuring tourist safety. In this direction the government will set up a 24x7 tourist information line and contact centre to help those who know little about India.
The industry however is still under pressure and we don't expect a sudden turnaround. The revival will be slow and so investors with a long-term horizon may invest in stocks like EIH ltd and Indian hotels .
Recently Indian Hotel has concluded its right issues of compulsorily convertible debentures (CCDs) for Rs 1000 crore at a right price of Rs 55. Part of the proceeds would be utilized to repay the debt of the company, which stand at Rs 4252 crore as on March 2014.
The company has been aggressive on reducing its debt. It has sold The Blue Hotel, its property in Sydney, this year.
(The author is CMD at SMC Investments and Advisors Ltd. Views and recommendations expressed in this section are his own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Suspected IM operative Ajaz Sheikh held in west UPDelhi Police arrest suspected IM operative in UP
Karn Pratap Singh , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 06, 2014
First Published: 12:20 IST(6/9/2014) | Last Updated: 19:27 IST(6/9/2014)
Comments
A suspected Indian Mujahideen (IM) operative reportedly involved in the 2010 Jama Masjid attack was arrested by the Special Cell of Delhi Police in Saharanpur, western Uttar Pradesh, on Friday night.
The arrest of Ajaz Sheikh, 27, could be another major setback to the IM, as intelligence agencies have successfully tracked down and arrested some if its key operatives in the last two years. 
Sheikh, 27, a native of Pune (Maharashtra), was wanted in connection with several terror strikes in India.
 
"We arrested him from Saharanpur on Friday night. He will be taken to Delhi for interrogation," said special commissioner (Special Cell) SN Shrivastava.
Shrivastava told HT that Sheikh had been hiding in Saharanpur for the past few days.
The arrest is expected to boost the morale of Indian security agencies that are on high alert following al Qaeda's announcement of launching a special wing in the subcontinent.
Sheikh is considered a "technical expert" and a key member of the IM. He had been absconding since long and was arrested following a tip-off.
A senior officer said Sheikh was the one who had sent emails to some media organisations after the 2010 Jama Masjid attack in Delhi, claiming responsibility.
On September 19, 2010, two tourists from Taiwan were injured when two bike-borne men opened fire at a tourist bus near Gate No. 3 of the mosque.
About two and a half hours later, a pressure cooker bomb planted in a car abandoned close to the firing spot exploded. The incident had come a few days ahead of the Commonwealth Games in the Capital.
Earlier, in another successful operation in March this year, Tehseen Akhtar, alias Monu, the India operations chief of the IM, was arrested from Indo-Nepal border by the Special Cell.
His arrest had come days after the same unit of Delhi Police had nabbed another top IM operative, Zia Ur Rehman, alias Waqas, from Ajmer in Rajasthan along with three of his associates.
One of the most wanted terrorist of the country, Ahmad Siddhibappa Zarar, alias Yasin Bhatkal, and his key associate Asadullah Akhtar, alias Haddi, were arrested from Indo-Nepal border last year.
(With PTI inputs)

Poor yield  low price put plantain farmers in a fixPoor yield, low price put plantain farmers in a fix
TOPICS
agriculture
Incessant rain, rise in input cost add to worries
The low market price of the ‘nendran’ variety of plantains and the poor quality of the produce owing to climatic vagaries are the major concerns of plantain cultivators during the Onam season.
The spot price of the first grade ‘nendran’ variety was between Rs.43 and Rs.45 a kg at the Meenangadi market on Friday as against Rs.46- Rs.47 a kg during the corresponding period last year. The price of the second quality of plantain was Rs.34 a kg as against Rs.38 a kg in the previous year.
Though the input cost, including land rent, price of fertilizers, and labour cost, had increased considerably this year, the returns from the crop had declined sharply, said K. Jose, a marginal farmer at Karachal.
The prices are slightly better over the past one week, but farmers have little to cheer as they have suffered huge crop loss this year owing to incessant rain for nearly three months, farming sources said. The rain also adversely affected the remaining crop and its quality, the source added.
Last year, Mr. Jose had cultivated 500 plantains on one acre of land and 90 per cent of the produce was sold as first grade at a better price. This year he cultivated close to 1,000 plantains, of which 450 plantains were destroyed in rain-related calamities .When he harvested the remaining crops, he could hardly sell 20 per cent of the produce as first grade. According to data of the Agriculture Department, as many as 7,85,000 bunched and non-bunched bananas planted on 314 hectares were destroyed in monsoon-related calamities in the district this year.

Charlize Theron loves gettingolderPress Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: September 6, 2014 2:48 pm
Oscar-winner Charlize Theron says she does not miss her “fat, plump face” of her 20s and loves getting older. The 39-year-old beauty, however, says she has her moments when she does not like looking in a mirror but has come to love her appearance now.
“I’ve loved getting older; I really have,” the actress told Red magazine. “That doesn’t mean I don’t have moments when I look in the mirror and find myself going, ‘Oh my god,’ but I’m much more at ease looking at myself now than when I was 20 and I had gorgeous skin and a fat, plump face. I looked at myself then and I didn’t appreciate any of it. “
“Also, there was something about my beauty at that time that almost felt like it was waiting to be this age. I was so desperate to, like, have some kind of experience in my life, like not feeling that I came from the world of modeling. It was like I was waiting to look at my face and see life,” Theron said.
I was so desperate to, like, have some kind of experience in my life, like not feeling that I came from the world of modeling.

Arvind Kejriwal wants President to step in  vows to stop BJP inDelhiPrint
So we are meeting the President today and will request him to intervene in the matter, said Kejriwal.
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 2:41 pm | Updated: September 6, 2014 5:09 pm
Accusing BJP of trying to form government in Delhi through “horse trading”, Arvind Kejriwal on Saturday said Aam Aadmi Party will seek the President’s intervention to ensure that the saffron party does not get an invitation “under any circumstances” from the Lt Governor.
“How will BJP form government? Naturally, BJP wants to form government through horse-trading, by buying MLAs which is totally wrong.
“They want to buy MLAs using money power, at Rs 20 crore each,” he alleged.
Kejriwal also questioned the basis over which LG will reportedly invite BJP to form government in Delhi and termed it as a “deliberate” invitation to form government “dishonestly”.
“The LG is saying that BJP will be invited to form government. On what basis are they going to prove (majority). This is a deliberate invitation to form government dishonestly. So we are meeting the President today and will request him to intervene in the matter. BJP should not get an invitation to form government under any circumstances,” he said.
BJP is likely to be invited to form a government in Delhi with Jung sending a report to the President seeking permission
to call the single largest party to take a shot at power though it is well short of majority in the assembly.
In his report, Jung gave a detailed analysis of the political situation in the city and underlined the need to have an elected government for Delhi which is under President’s rule since February 17 following resignation of AAP government.
AAP and Congress have come down hard on Jung for his move to invite BJP to form government and accused him of promoting “horse-trading”.
Kejriwal also said that AAP MLAs have been asked to conduct sting operations if anybody from BJP approaches them for “horse-trading”, tapes of which would be released ahead of the trust vote in the assembly.
“We have told our MLAs that if BJP approaches you for horse-trading, don’t refuse them, talk to them and record the conversation. If they ask you to resign, comply with them.
When the LG invites BJP to form government and when the confidence motion is about to begin, we will release all the
recordings an hour before it,” he said.
Renewing the demand for fresh elections, another senior AAP leader Manish Sisodia said that if the BJP comes to power
through “horse-trading”, it will be very “dangerous” for Delhi as the party will only think of “making more money”.
“The stand of our party is already clear. Re-elections must happen in Delhi because if BJP forms government through
horse-trading then it will not bother about inflation, corruption, sanitation, hospitals, bribery etc.
“It will only think about making more continued…

Lt. Gen Rath gets clean chit in Sukna land s...Lieutenant General P K Rath gets clean chit in Sukna land scam case
By TNN | 6 Sep, 2014, 11.51AM IST
Armed Forces Tribunal quashed court martial of former commander Lieutenant General P K Rath, one of four generals indicted in Sukna land scam case.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: The Armed Forces Tribunal (AFT) on Friday quashed the court martial of former 33 Corps commander Lieutenant General P K Rath , one of the four generals indicted in the infamous Sukna land scam case that rocked the Army five years ago.
Imposing Rs 1 lakh fine on the Army for causing "loss of honour" to Rath, a two-member AFT bench headed by Justice Sunil Hali said, "The petitioner has suffered undue harassment and loss of reputation by the act of the respondents, which if not compensated would be a travesty of justice. The petitioner is acquitted of all charges. He is entitled to restoration of all benefits with 12% interest."
The Army, on its part, said it would decide on whether or not to appeal against the AFT decision in Supreme Court after reading the judgment.
The Sukna scam had erupted in November 2009 when Rath was all set to take over as the new Army deputy chief (information systems and training) after commanding the 33 Corps based in Darjeeling district of West Bengal, under which the Sukna military station falls.
The then military secretary, Lt Gen Avadhesh Prakash (who was a close aide to former Army chief Gen Deepak Kapoor) and Rath were charged with conspiring to aid the transfer of the 71-acre Chumta tea estate adjacent to Sukna military station to a real estate developer on the pretext of opening an educational institute in complete disregard of all security and other norms.
In his petition to the AFT, Rath had alleged former Army chief Gen V K Singh — now a minister of state in the Modi government — had given "undue importance" to the case since he had a "serious grudge" against Prakash. Gen Singh felt Prakash had been unfair to him in his date of birth controversy.
Rath was punished in 2011 with two years' loss of seniority, 15 years' loss of service for pension and a severe reprimand, while the court-martial against Prakash had recommended his dismissal from service. The other two generals and four other officers named in the case faced only administrative action for failing to do proper "staff work" in the chain of command.
The case had led to an unseemly rift in the top Army brass. Gen Singh, who was the Eastern Army commander when the Sukna case came to the fore, had locked horns with Gen Kapoor, who was perceived to be dragging his feet in the case.

Cipla s subsidiary acquires two manufacturing undertakingsSep 06, 2014, 03.07 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Cipla's subsidiary acquires two manufacturing undertakings
Cipla Ltd has informed BSE that Medispray Laboratories Private Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company at its board meeting held on September 05, 2014 approved the acquisition of two manufacturing undertakings. A significant portion of the capacities of the two undertakings are dedicated for the manufacture of Cipla's products.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cipla's subsidiary acquires two manufacturing undertakings
Cipla Ltd has informed BSE that Medispray Laboratories Private Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company at its board meeting held on September 05, 2014 approved the acquisition of two manufacturing undertakings. A significant portion of the capacities of the two undertakings are dedicated for the manufacture of Cipla's products.
Post your opinion here
 
Cipla Ltd has informed BSE that Medispray Laboratories Private Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company at its board meeting held on September 05, 2014 approved the acquisition of two manufacturing undertakings. A significant portion of the capacities of the two undertakings are dedicated for the manufacture of Cipla's products. Acquisition of the aforesaid undertakings is expected to yield operational synergies.The consideration for the above two transactions are Rs. 29 crore and Rs. 71.93 crore respectively. The first manufacturing facility located at Goa is owned by Okasa Private Limited and the second manufacturing facility located at Satara (Maharashtra) is owned by Okasa Pharma Pvt Ltd. Entities controlled by relatives of the promoters hold majority interest in the companies which own the aforesaid undertakings.The consideration for these transactions were supported on the basis of valuation reports from Price Waterhouse & Co. LLP and fairness opinions provided by Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited.Source : BSE

Gujarat Sidhee Cement allots 12 lakh shares to Gujarat Industrial Investment CorpSep 06, 2014, 03.06 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Gujarat Sidhee Cement allots 12 lakh shares to Gujarat Industrial Investment Corp
Gujarat Sidhee Cement has allotted 12,00,000 equity shares of Rs 10 each fully paid-up to Gujarat Industrial Investment Corporation Limited (GIIC Ltd), a Promoter Company of GSCL, in compliance to the Order dated December 06, 2012 of Hon'ble BIFR.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gujarat Sidhee Cement allots 12 lakh shares to Gujarat Industrial Investment Corp
Gujarat Sidhee Cement has allotted 12,00,000 equity shares of Rs 10 each fully paid-up to Gujarat Industrial Investment Corporation Limited (GIIC Ltd), a Promoter Company of GSCL, in compliance to the Order dated December 06, 2012 of Hon'ble BIFR.
Post your opinion here
 
Gujarat Sidhee Cement Ltd has informed BSE that the meeting of the Share Allotment Committee of the Board of Directors held on September 03, 2014, the Company has allotted 12,00,000 (Twelve lacs only) equity shares of Rs. 10/- each fully paid-up to Gujarat Industrial Investment Corporation Limited (GIIC Ltd), a Promoter Company of GSCL, in compliance to the Order dated December 06, 2012 of Hon'ble BIFR. These shares shall rank pari passu in all respects with the existing equity shares.Source : BSE

Emkay Global Financial: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 06, 2014, 03.04 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Emkay Global Financial: Updates on outcome of AGM
Emkay Global Financial Services Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the Minutes of the 20th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 13, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Emkay Global Financial: Updates on outcome of AGM
Emkay Global Financial Services Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the Minutes of the 20th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 13, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Emkay Global Financial Services Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the Minutes of the 20th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 13, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

And more on the Ilaiyaraaja connectionUpdated: September 6, 2014 13:17 IST
And more on the Ilaiyaraaja connection
BARADWAJ RANGAN
composing and arrangement
The best part of these interviews were Kamal's impromptu launches into song – and he sounds exactly like how he does in the recordings, exactly.
(This is the fourth part in a series of articles on Kamal Haasan’s tryst with the classical arts.)
Part 3: 'He taught me to sing with abandon'
“After 1977 or so, I cannot recall going to another music director,” Kamal Haasan told me. The “I” threw me off, because he wasn’t exactly making movies then, merely acting in them – and the task of “going to a music director,” one assumes, falls on the person making the movie: the director. But Kamal was probably talking of a time when one could get as involved with the filmmaking process as one wished, when even an actor who’s only required to show up on the sets would show up at music sittings, with the director and the composer.
Kamal was present at a lot of music sittings with K. Balachander, in whose films he’d come to resemble a stock company actor. These sessions, Kamal said, helped him when he began directing films and began to tell the music director that this wasn’t quite what he was looking for, or that he wanted a tweak there. “My sessions with KB and Raja gave me that confidence.” So when he’s talking about not going to another music director after 1977 or so, he’s probably referring to ‘16 Vayadhinile’, which was the first film that had Kamal as the leading man and Ilaiyaraaja as the composer. It’s an association that lasted up to the mid-1990s, roughly, till which point the non-Ilaiyaraaja films were relatively rare. The high points are too numerous to recount. ‘Aattu Kutti Muttayittu’ in 1977, ‘Orey Naal Unai Naan’ in 1978, ‘Ninaithaal Inikkum’ in 1979, ‘Azhagu Aayiram’ in 1980, ‘Andhi Mazhai Pozhigiradhu’ in 1981...
Kamal Haasan spoke about the composing session for the latter, from ‘Rajapaarvai’, which he produced and which Singeetham Srinivasa Rao directed. “Singeetham kept asking Raja for more tunes. Those days, Raja would come up with many options. He made nine tunes, but I knew that the first one was the best and we eventually came back to it.”
Then he began talking about what seems to have become his favourite anecdote to illustrate his working relationship with Ilaiyaraaja. “The way the song ‘Inji Iduppazhaga’ came about is itself an exercise in knowing how an artist’s mind works,” he said. Ilaiyaraaja kept asking Kamal what he wanted... exactly. Kamal said he couldn’t say... exactly. “I said, ‘You have to be the paediatrician. The child does not know how to say what’s happening. You have to find out’.”
Kamal explained that it had to be a monotonous tune, a simple melody that kept looping back, like something that would air on Pappa Malar, the All India Radio show conducted by “Vanoli Anna” where children sang, often breathlessly. Ilaiyaraaja said, “That’s a good idea, but how do you make a populist song out of it? It will be a funny song, but how do you make a populist song?” And Kamal began to sing ‘Yeh Dil Deewana Hai’, the S.D. Burman number from ‘Ishq Par Zor Nahin.’
And, in front of me, Kamal Haasan launched into the Hindi song. This, I’m beginning to realise, was the best part of these interviews, his impromptu launches into song – and he sounds exactly like how he does in the recordings. After he finished, he said, “If it had been any other music director, Raja might not have listened. But he has a special respect for SD.” Ilaiyaraaja began to tap out a talam on the harmonium, and within 10 minutes, he had a variation on the S.D. Burman tune. The composing was done. Kamal Haasan told me, “It’s not like he was taking from the tune. He was taking from my need.”
For ‘Michael Madana Kamarajan’, Kamal wanted a song like ‘Margazhi Thingal’, a verse from Tirupaavai. “He came up with ‘Sundari Neeyum’. Again, it became his own composition because of the changes he made.” Yesudas was supposed to sing the song. Kamal used to “sing track” a lot those days, the equivalent of a temp track which would then be dubbed over by a Yesudas or an SPB. Because Kamal couldn’t always wait for their dates in order to have the finished song available during the shooting, he’d sing track and take the song along. Kamal told Ilaiyaraaja that he’d sing track for ‘Sundari Neeyum’, but Ilaiyaraaja insisted that he sing the final song.
Then, there was this time they were watching the Oscars, and a group (or maybe an individual; Kamal didn’t seem too sure about this) gave this performance where they beat their chests and sang. Kamal said he wanted something like that for ‘Aboorva Sagotharargal’. He got it. ‘Bababa... Bababari... Pudhu Mapillaikku...’ I asked him if he could single out a song he had to sing that was tough, more challenging than the others. But he refused to bite. He simply said, “The truth is that they all gave me easy songs. All my music directors have been kind to me. Raja especially saw to it that his songs were crafted around my capability.”
(To be continued)

Add this line to your addressUpdated: September 5, 2014 04:50 IST
Add this line to your address
Ian Sample
space programme
Milky Way is a suburb of a supercluster called Laniakea
In what amounts to a back-to-school gift for pupils with nerdier leanings, researchers have added a fresh line to the cosmic address of humanity.
No longer will a standard home address followed by “the Earth, the solar system, the Milky Way, the universe” suffice for aficionados of the extended astronomical location system.
The extra line places the Milky Way in a vast network of neighbouring galaxies or “supercluster” that forms a spectacular web of stars and planets stretching across 520 million light years of our local patch of universe. Named Laniakea, meaning “immeasurable heaven” in Hawaiian, the supercluster contains 100,000 large galaxies that together have the mass of 100 million billion suns.
Our home galaxy, the Milky Way, lies on the far outskirts of Laniakea near the border with another supercluster of galaxies named Perseus-Pisces. “When you look at it in three dimensions, it looks like a sphere that’s been badly beaten up and we are over near the edge, being pulled towards the centre,” said Brent Tully, an astronomer at the University of Hawaii in Honolulu.
Astronomers have long known that just as the solar system is part of the Milky Way, so the Milky Way belongs to a cosmic structure that is much larger still. But it was impossible to work out where one cluster of galaxies ended and another began.
Tully’s team gathered measurements on the positions and movement of more than 8,000 galaxies and worked out which were being pulled towards us and which were being pulled away. This allowed the scientists to define superclusters of galaxies that all moved in the same direction.
The work published in Nature gives astronomers their first look at the vast group of galaxies to which the Milky Way belongs. A narrow arch of galaxies connects Laniakea to the neighbouring Perseus-Pisces supercluster, while two other superclusters called Shapley and Coma lie on the far side of our own.
© Guardian Newspapers Limited, 2014

Govt. allots 1 200 acre to NTPC in VizagUpdated: September 5, 2014 23:09 IST
Govt. allots 1,200 acre to NTPC in Vizag
Staff Reporter
electricity production and distribution
The State government has allotted 1,200 acre of land near APSEZ in Pudimadaka village of Atchuthapuram Mandal in Vishakhapatnam District to the National Thermal Power Corporation Ltd. (NTPC) to set up a coal based super thermal power station.
The government issued a GO on Thursday, allotting the land to the NTPC for a lease period of 33 years. The NTPC will set up 5X800 (4000MW) super thermal power station at an estimated cost of Rs. 20,000 crore. The project will be completed before March 2019.
The government has also asked the NTPC to consider setting up a thermal based mega power project in the State, in view of frequent power shortages and goal to provide 24X7 power supply to industry in the State.
The NTPC, in response to it, asked the government to earmark land at the SEZ, which is close to existing Simhadri Power project . The NTPC said that existing infrastructure like housing facility, railway siding, technical man power are already present in Visakhapatnam and this would be an added advantage.

Abenomics approaches a moment of reckoningSep 05, 2014, 03.59 PM IST  | Source: CNBC
Abenomics approaches a moment of reckoning
There are several key turning points before the year-end that will be key in determining whether Abenomics will succeed or stumble.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Abenomics approaches a moment of reckoning
There are several key turning points before the year-end that will be key in determining whether Abenomics will succeed or stumble.
Post your opinion here
 
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe`s grand plan to revive the economy, which has run into several stumbling blocks in the past year, is reaching a "moment of reckoning", Goldman Sachs has warned.
There are several key turning points before the year-end that will be key in determining whether Abenomics will succeed or stumble, according to the bank, pointing to this week`s cabinet reshuffle, a potential expansion of the Bank of Japan`s (BOJ) aggressive easing program, and a decision on whether to move forward with a second tax hike in 2015.
"Abenomics is approaching a moment of reckoning, with the decision on whether to further raise taxes next year perhaps the most crucial one," Naohiko Baba, Chief Japan economist at the bank said in a report. The government is due to make a call on a second hike in the consumption tax - to 10 percent from 8 percent - in December.
Inability to raise the tax could be interpreted not only as a failure of Abenomics, but also as an abandonment of fiscal consolidation, Baba said, the biggest tail risk for foreign investors exposed to an economy with by far the highest debt-to-gross domestic product (GDP) ratio in the world.
Wages and exports must rise and Cabinet approval ratings must remain high in the coming months for Abenomics to succeed - all daunting challenge, he added.
Abe carried out a Cabinet reshuffle on Wednesday, an effort to re-energize his economic and security agenda amid declining approval ratings. A Cabinet reshuffle is a means of replacing incompetent - or scandal-ridden - ministers to ensure the government can make progress on different policies.
He kept key ministers including the finance, foreign and economy ministers, while appointing five women, matching the record high in Junichiro Koizumi`s first cabinet in 2001, according to AFP.
Stumbling blocks
Abenomics, the name given to the massive economic program launched last year, is made up of monetary easing, fiscal stimulus, and structural reforms. The economy has not responded to the program as many had anticipated, however.
A sales tax hike- to 8 percent from 5 percent - implemented in April drove the economy into its worst contraction since 2011. Meantime, the economy continues to grapple with sluggish wage growth and subdued inflation.
Japan`s nationwide core consumer price index rose 3.3 percent in July but remained well below the central bank`s 2 percent inflation target when taking into account the effect of the tax hike.
These factors point to an "unraveling" of Abenomics, according to Charles Dumas, chief economist and chairman of Lombard Street Research, who says the inflation target will be unattainable without a major devaluation of the currency and/or an expansion of the Bank of Japan`s quantitative easing (QE) program.
"Mr Kuroda has to choose between another big devaluation, risking an effective commitment to perma-QE and eventual financial crisis, or abandoning Abenomics," he said, referring to the BoJ governor.
Three indicators to watch
With Abenomics at a critical juncture the evolution of three indicators - wages, exports and cabinet approval ratings - holding the key to its continued success, according Baba of Goldman Sachs.
"These elements will be critical to muting the negative effects of the recent consumption tax hike, pursuing another much-needed tax hike in 2015, and pushing through structural reforms to cement a sustainable path for economic growth," said Baba.
Nominal wages rose 2.6 percent on year in July, pushed up by temporary summer bonuses. The bank expects underlying wage growth to stabilize around 1 percent in the coming months.
Exports have been feeble, falling short of an expected improvement necessary to offset tax-related domestic demand weakness. In the year to June, exports declined 1.9 percent compared with the same period last year, according to Reuters.
Cabinet approval ratings, meanwhile, slid below 50 percent in many opinion polls conducted in the summer, as items on the political agenda - such as reforms to allow the collective right to self-defense - failed to gain public favor.
Despite the decline, approval ratings remain high by historical standards meaning the political situation is unlikely to destabilize, the bank said.opyright 2011 cnbc.com
More from CNBC.com

Wiping off under-recoveries: What does HPCL plan to do nowWith diesel under recovery at historical low of Rs 0.08 a litre, CNBC-TV18’s Sajeet Manghat asked the chairperson of  HPCL Nishi Vasudeva what is the plan once the under recovery is completely wiped out?
HPCL stock price
On September 10, 2014, Hindustan Petroleum Corporation closed at Rs 485.25, down Rs 8.15, or 1.65 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 503.60 and the 52-week low was Rs 180.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 95.69 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 5.07. The latest book value of the company is Rs 443.31 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.09.
RELATED NEWS

Is this Maruti Suzuki s new compact SUV for IndiaApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Mukul Sangma to continue as Meghalaya CM  says AICC leaderUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Shillong: Terming the recent hue and cry for change of leadership as 'figment of imagination', AICC general secretary Luihinzo Falerio on Friday night said Mukul Sangma would continue to be the Chief Minister.
"Mukul Sangma was, is and will continue to be the chief minister of the state," Falerio told reporters after the Congress Legislature Party (CLP) meeting.
He said, "I've never heard of it (demand for change of leadership). It's just a figment of imagination of someone else."
"Mukul Sangma was, is and will continue to be the chief minister of the state," Falerio told reporters after the Congress Legislature Party (CLP) meeting.
The CLP meeting was attended by all the members including those from the dissident group led by MPCC chief DD Lapang and senior leader SC Marak.
Stating the meeting was very intimate one, Falerio said, "Everybody spoke their hearts out, When everybody speaks from their hearts, the outcome is always beautiful."
"I congratulate all the members of the CLP including senior leaders who have also given various suggestions on how to avoid misunderstanding created by somebody," he said.
He said the meeting decided to come up with a mechanism to ensure that whenever differences arise they are sorted out immediately by discussing with each other.
Asserting that differences are natural in a healthy democracy, he said, "Differences are there among husband and wife, brother and sisters in a family but what is important is that these need to be sorted out."
Asked what grievances were aired during the meeting, he said, "I don't think there are serious grievances but yes these are serious misunderstandings."
Chief Minister Mukul Sangma, however, said the party would continue to deliver according to the aspiration and expectation of the people.
The MPCC chief who led the dissident group against Sangma's leadership, said "If husband and wife quarrel it makes the family more solid. We have all sorts of quarrel but we will not burn our own family down. The party will stand united."

Shiv Sena leader arrested on rape charges after victim delivers premature babyJ&K floods: Army's mobile charging units help locals connect with their families 7 hours 3 minutes ago
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Centre to set up Special Rhino Protection Force in AssamUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Guwahati: The Centre will create a Special Rhino Protection Force in Assam to protect the animal from poaching and form a task force to enquire into encroachment of forest land in the state, Union Environment and Forests Minister Prakash Javadekar said on Saturday.
"We will have zero tolerance for rhino poaching. With the help of Central funds, a Special Rhino Protection Force will be created in Assam," Javadekar told reporters.
Primarily local youths would form the Force as they knew both the forests and animals, said the minister, who was on a two-day visit to Assam for discussing the poaching and encroachment issues in Kaziranga National Park (KNP).
The minister said that 22 rhinos had been killed this year, while 24 poachers were arrested and 20 others lost their lives in encounters with security forces.
The minister said that 22 rhinos had been killed this year, while 24 poachers were arrested and 20 others lost their lives in encounters with security forces.
On encroachment of forest land, Javadekar said "we'll form a task force which will formulate a mechanism and enquire into the issue of encroachment in forests. It will talk to the state government on the issue.
"I have told the state government that if there is any encroachment, then enquire it and take necessary action. In the next six months, we'll evaluate the work done by the Centre and the state," he said.

Intel  Fossil join hands to develop wearable devicesUrgent aid needed. Help Now
San Francisco: Chipmaker Intel Corp said it would work with watches and fashion accessory retailer Fossil Group to develop wearable computing devices.
The collaboration comes as Intel tries to expand beyond the personal computer industry into new markets, including tablets and a growing wave of "smart" watches and other Internet-connected garments.
As well as cooperating on technology-oriented fashion products, Fossil will help Intel's venture capital arm look for investments to accelerate innovation in wearable computing, Intel said in a statement.
Intel has also been working with design company Opening Ceremony to launch a fashion bracelet with semi-precious gems, communications features and wireless charging.
Intel has also been working with design company Opening Ceremony to launch a fashion bracelet with semi-precious gems, communications features and wireless charging.

I relate to my character in Finding Fanny : ArjunKapoorPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 3:16 pm
Actor Arjun Kapoor could completely relate to his character in Homi Adajania ‘s ‘Finding Fanny’. The four-film old actor plays a Konkani mechanic Savio Da Gama in the English/ Hindi satirical film based in Goa.
“After doing the film I found that there are many similarities between me and the character. The deadpan nature of saying things, sometimes impulsive reactions, his non-ability to show emotion are things which I realise are very similar to me,” Arjun said.
In Pics: Deepika, Arjun take ‘Finding Fanny’ to Delhi
The film narrates the story of five oddballs who go on a journey to find an old postman’s childhood love Stephanie ‘Fanny’ Fernandes. It will hit theatres on September 12. Arjun has shunned his muscular image in the film and will be seen in an interesting look of tattoos and cool quirky glasses.
The ‘Gunday’ star gave the credit behind his chic look to his director Homi and his fashionista wife Anaita Shroff. “Homi and Anaita are behind my look in the film. They wanted my hair to be shabby, so I got a particular hairstyle. I did three tattoos and I got my birthday tattoo too in the film. There is only one jeans and a t-shirt and shirt. The glasses in the film belong to my father which I discovered one day,” he said.
Arjun started his career in showbiz with Yash Raj’s ‘Ishaqzaade’ followed by ‘Aurangzeb’, ‘Gunday’ and ‘2 States’. With each film, Arjun feels he has evolved as an actor. “I am very fortunate that I grew up in a film background. Since my childhood I have seen how they concentrate on improving their craft. I have also worked with good actors and directors.
“By sharing screen space with them and watching them deliver scenes you get to learn so many things. Anil chachu (Anil Kapoor) has always been my inspiration. He is one of the most disciplined actors I have ever seen,” Arjun said.
After doing the film I found that there are many similarities between me and the character.

Russia will react if EU implements new sanctions: ForeignMinistryPrint
Reuters | Moscow | Posted: September 6, 2014 3:12 pm
Russia’s Foreign Ministry vowed on Saturday to react if the European Union implements new sanctions against Moscow over its role in the Ukraine crisis.
The EU announced the additional measures late on Friday but said they could be suspended if Moscow withdraws its troops from Ukraine and observes a newly agreed ceasefire in eastern Ukraine.
The new sanctions include adding a further 24 people to a list of people barred from entry to the 28-nation bloc and whose assets are frozen.
They are due to be implemented on Monday.
“If they (new sanctions) are implemented of course there will be a reaction from our side,” the ministry said in a statement.

Would not have made Finding Fanny without Naseeruddin Shah: HomiAdajaniaPrint
Naseeruddin Shah plays an oddball postman in 'Finding Fanny'.
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 3:05 pm | Updated: September 6, 2014 3:06 pm
Director Homi Adajania says he would not have made his English satire ‘Finding Fanny’ without Naseeruddin Shah, who plays an oddball postman in the movie. Naseer’s character sets out on a journey to find his childhood love Stephanie ‘Fanny’ Fernandes with the help of four other people.
“Naseer bhai was always my first choice for the film. I have replaced other characters but if Naseer bhai would have said no to me I would not have made this film. He liked my script and we laughed a lot after reading it,” Homi, who had also worked with the veteran actor in his debut film ‘Being Cyrus’, said.
The filmmaker said he wanted to make ‘Finding Fanny’ before his last love story ‘Cocktail’ but he delayed it because Naseer did not have dates. “The reason I didn’t make it at that time is because Naseer didn’t have dates. We were almost ready to start the project in two months. But I dropped it because my wife said if you don’t have your desired cast then drop it. I started making ‘Cocktail’ and it was a blessing in disguise because it gave me the kind of money we wanted for Fanny,” he said.
Read: Haven’t made ‘Finding Fanny’ for any particular set of people: Homi Adajania
Homi says every song and sequence in the film is apt with the script be it Dimple Kapadia’s prosthetic bum. “The reason that I wanted to have her big bum because she is hiding her painful secret with her appearances and behaviour. I went to her and told her that you need to put a big bum and she readily agreed to do that,” he said. Dimple would be seen in the funny character of Rosalina ‘Rosie’ Eucharistica, who has a bizarre fashion sense.
“Dimple is playing a busy body in the fictitious village of Goa. She is actually a lazy woman but she likes to portray herself as someone who wants to do everything. She is a widow and lives with her daughter-in-law Deepika Padukone,” he said.
In Pics: Deepika, Arjun take ‘Finding Fanny’ to Delhi
The film was shot in Goa and it has tried to revive the old-world charm of the state which is now being shown as the destination of drugs and rave parties. “We are happy to revive the image of the place as the idea was to shoot the jungles, Portuguese architecture and back waters rather than the busy city life. We shot in the interiors of Goa. The idea was to make a fictional Goa and it did not have any time zone. I shot in seven villages to create my own village and logistics were a main issue,” he said.
‘Finding Fanny’ also stars Arjun Kapoor, Pankaj Kapur and Deepika Padukone in pivotal roles and is releasing on September 12.
Naseer bhai was always my first choice for the film. I have replaced other characters but if Naseer bhai would have said no to me I would not have made this film.

Flood fury hits 2600 villagers across J&K  at least 83 dead; Rajnath Singh takes stock ofsituationPrint
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah drove Rajnath Singh to Baghat, Barzulla, Rambagh, Jhelum Bund, Zero Bridge, Budshah Bridge, Exhibition Chowk, Saria Balla and other areas in the main city. (Source: Shuaib Masoodi)
Written by Mir Ehsan , Arun Sharma , Amitabh Sinha | Srinagar | Posted: September 6, 2014 3:00 pm | Updated: September 6, 2014 10:22 pm
 
With no let-up in rains for the fifth day on Saturday, the death toll in Jammu and Kashmir’s worst flood in six decades has risen to 107. The Army, involved in rescue operations across the state, has termed the situation as grim as after last year’s Uttarakhand flash floods.
Thousands have been rendered homeless, with more than 25,000 villages submerged and the loss to property and crops running into hundreds of crores.
Weather officials, however, expect the rains to stop soon. “Tonight there will be more rains, but hopefully from Sunday, weather will improve,” Director, Srinagar Met Department, Sonum Lotus said.
India Meteorological Department, Pune, expects the rains to cease in the next couple of days. Weather scientists also said that while the amount of rainfall in Jammu and its adjoining areas, the worst affected, over the past few days was unusual, the cause behind it was not.
Drivers of a medical van came out as they wait for the evacuation in the Athwajan- on the city outskirts on Friday. (Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
 
During this time of the year, heavy rainfall in north and northwestern parts of India is generally a result of interactions of western disturbance with the monsoon winds. In Jammu too, the incessant heavy rainfall has been caused by two strong interactions of western disturbances with monsoon.
“Meteorologically, there is nothing unusual. However, the amount of rainfall, no doubt, is unexpected,” said D S Pai of IMD, Pune.
Western disturbances are rain-bearing winds that originate beyond Afghanistan and Iran, picking up moisture from as far as Mediterranean Sea, unlike the monsoon that comes from south of the Arabian Sea and the Bay of Bengal.
“We have seen such interactions result in heavy rainfall in Uttarakhand, even Rajasthan. A couple of years ago, the largescale flooding in Pakistan was a result of such interactions. But what we have seen in Jammu is certainly unprecedented. I am not aware of something similar happening in that area,” Pai said.
Three major highways in J&K — Srinagar-Jammu, Srinagar-Leh and Mughal Road — are all closed due to massive landslides. A major portion of the Jammu-Srinagar national highway has been swept away. Rail service on the Jammu-Udhampur-Katra stretch and Banihal-Qazigund-Baramulla has remained suspended for the last three-four days following landslides.
A collapsed crusher machine on the banks of raging Tawi river in Jammu on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
 

Russia dispatches naval force to reopen ArcticbasePresident Vladimir Putin (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Moscow | Posted: September 6, 2014 2:56 pm
Russia on Saturday sent six ships carrying personnel and equipment to a Soviet-era military base in the Arctic that it is reopening to bolster its presence in the region, Russian news agencies reported.
Moscow is ramping up its military presence in the pristine but energy-rich region as other countries such as Canada and Norway are also staking claims to access its resources.
President Vladimir Putin last year ordered the military to return to a base on the far-Northern New Siberian Islands that was abandoned in 1993.
On Saturday, a fleet of six ships including two large landing ships set off from the port of Severomorsk in northern Russia, Vadim Serga  spokesman for the Western military district, told ITAR-TASS news agency.
The ships will be accompanied by several icebreakers.
“The main task of the latest expedition by a number of Northern Fleet ships to the Arctic is to deliver staff, equipment and supplies to the taskforce that from this year will serve on the New Siberian islands on a permanent basis,” said the northern fleet’s commander, Admiral Vladimir Korolyov.
Last year, ten ships went to the New Siberian Islands in September to deliver the first equipment and supplies to rebuild the base on an archipelago where temperatures can fall to -50 degrees Celsius (-58 Fahrenheit).

James Franco goes completely bald for newfilmPress Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: September 6, 2014 2:55 pm
James Franco has gone completely bald for his next movie role in ‘Zeroville’. The 36-year-old actor shaved his head and revealed his new look in Instagram, which documented the hair transformation, reported Ace Showbiz.
The ‘This Is the End’ star began talking a selfie before he got his hair shaved, simply writing along with the photo, “Before…” Once the shaving was done, he sported a pair of Gucci aviators and a moustache. ” ‘Zeroville’ Glasses by Gooch @gucci,” he captioned the picture.
In the upcoming movie adaptation of Steve Erickson’s book, Franco will play Vikar, a student who heads to Hollywood with the images of Elizabeth Taylor and Montgomery Clift tattooed on his bald head.

6 reasons why Samsung should fear Apple iPho...6 reasons why Samsung should fear the Apple iPhone 6
By Bloomberg | 6 Sep, 2014, 09.29AM IST
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
The last few years will likely go down as a golden age for Samsung Electronics. While Apple defined the modern smart phone with its iPhone in 2007, Samsung has been growing far more rapidly.
Since 2010, Samsung's share of the smartphone market has quadrupled to 31 per cent, according to research firm IDC. Apple's share has barely budged in that same period, ending 2013 at about 15 per cent.
But Apple may finally have the right ingredients to reverse Samsung's fortunes. On Sept. 9, Apple is set to unveil not only a new phone, which some pundits are calling the iPhone 6, but also details of a long-awaited smartwatch that will work in concert with the new phone. Bloomberg News has reported several of the features expected to be packed into the next iPhone, including larger screen sizes and a payments system allowing customers to use the device to make purchases in stores. Put all of these pieces together, and you get some potentially profound changes that could sap the advantages of Samsung's hot-selling Galaxy line of products.
We don't know everything about the new iPhone, but we know this: It won't be a good day for Samsung. Here's why:
More Competition in Large Phones
Since the launch of the iPhone seven years ago, the device's screen size has only increased by half an inch. Meanwhile, the global appetite for large phones has been insatiable, and Samsung has been the main beneficiary . Devices with screens larger than 4.5 inches made up a third of the worldwide market last year, and IDC expects them to grow to 44 per cent this year.
Now, Apple is finally getting in on the action. The company plans to unveil models with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens, according to people familiar with Apple's plans.
"Samsung has had a few years with no real competition on larger form-factor phones, and that's where they've been able to run the table on Apple," says Gene Munster, an analyst at Piper Jaffray. "Now that competitive advantage is going to simply disappear."
Teresa Brewer , an Apple spokeswoman, declined to comment on possible new products.
Mobile Payment Lock-In
After years of experiments, Apple will announce a payments platform so that iPhone owners will be able to buy goods at brick-and-mortar stores with a quick flick of their iPhones. The company has inked deals with Visa, MasterCard and American Express for the iPhone 6, which contains a wireless chip that transmits data securely to an in-store reader.
Even in the rosiest scenario, you'll still want to keep your wallet with you. It will take many years for the majority of retailers to make the investments necessary to support digital payments, says Richard Crone, a payments-industry consultant.
Still, Apple has a better chance to change consumers' behavior than Google, which has struggled to convince hardware makers, mobile carriers and stores of Google Wallet's worthiness. Apple has 800 million credit and debit cards on file with customers who have purchased items through iTunes. Apple may have to do some convincing after security concerns over hacked celebrity accounts. If Apple executes well, it will be far more difficult for Samsung to wrest iPhone customers away.
An iWallet "would be the ultimate in stickiness," says Crone. "It would create a tremendous barrier to exit for Apple customers and more importantly, a tremendous barrier to entry for competitors."
Page 1 of 2

J&K: Seven Army jawans rescued from flood-hit Pulwama  two soldiers still trappedUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Pulwama: Seven Army personnel have been rescued from flood waters in Pulwama district of Jammu and Kashmir. A team of army personnel had been trapped in flood waters after their boat had capsized while carrying out relief and rescue operation in Pampore area of Pulwama district. Two soldiers are still missing.
While eleven personnel had managed to come back to safety, nine others had been trapped. Two helicopters had been pressed into service to airlift the trapped Army personnel.
The situation in the state continues to be grim with a red alert being issued for parts of South Srinagar as the Jhelum has breached its embankment in Pulwama. More than 100 people have lost their lives in the past two days in heavy rains and floods. Traffic on the Jammu-Pathankot highway has been stopped after incessant rain.
All trains bound for Katra, including the recently launched Katra Express, have been suspended after landslides at many places along the track in Udhampur in Jammu. The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) is moving teams to Srinagar and Jammu for rescue and relief operations.
Meanwhile, Home Minister Rajnath Singh held a meeting with Chief Minister Omar Abdullah to take stock of the flood situation in Jammu and Kashmir. Singh arrived in Srinagar on Saturday morning and went straight into a meeting with the CM in the technical area of the airport where both discussed steps to meet the situation arising out of the worst floods in the state in six decades.
After briefing the Home Minister, Omar himself drove Singh through the Srinagar city which is witnessing heavy rainfall since morning. Accompanied with Minister of State in PMO Jitendra Singh, the Home Minister is scheduled to conduct an aerial survey in the affected districts before proceeding to Jammu where he will undertake a similar exercise in the flood affected areas of Rajouri and Poonch districts.
Jitendra Singh, who hails from the state, would hold talks with senior administrative officials and seek ways for early resumption of yatra to Mata Vaishno Devi shrine, which has been temporarily suspended in view of the heavy rains.

Rajnath takes stock of flood-ravaged Jammu & Kashmir  assures Centre s helpUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Jammu: As floods and heavy rainfall continue to cause loss of life and property, Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Saturday met Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah and took stock of the situation in the state, Singh, however, could not conduct an aerial survey of the affected areas due to inclement weather.
Omar himself drove the Home Minister and Minister of State for Personnel Jitendra Singh around the waterlogged roads of Srinagar city which has been witnessing incessant rains over the past five days along with the rest of the state.
"The floods have caused a lot of damage. If this is the condition of city, what will be the situation in rural areas. I was told that this has happened after 50-60 years," said Rajnath Singh who assured the Chief Minister that the Centre stands firmly behind the state government at this crucial hour.
Singh also asked the state government to send a memorandum on the damage incurred during the floods, once the situation eases.
He said that an inter-ministerial team will be sent to assess the damage in the state and that J&K can use Rs 1,100 crore of State Disaster Relief Fund to deal with the calamity. "The helicopter could not take off because of bad weather. So I went with the Chief Minister around the city," Singh, who arrived on Saturday morning, said before heading for Jammu.
"No politics should be played at this hour. After the water recedes, an inter-ministerial team will be sent to assess the damage. PM has given Rs 2 lakh to the kin of every person killed in the floods. I have told the state government to utilise Rs 1,100 crore of State Disaster Relief Fund which has 90 per cent of grant from the Centre," Singh told reporters here.
Singh also asked the state government to send a memorandum on the damage incurred during the floods, once the situation eases.
Accompanied by Minister of State in PMO Jitendra Singh,the Home Minister arrived on Saturday morning and went straight into a meeting with the Chief Minister in the technical area of the airport where both discussed steps to meet the situation arising out of the worst floods in the state in six decade
that have claimed 100 lives so far.
(With inputs from PTI)

140 Jet Airways pilots land under DGCA s suspension radarDGCA threatens to suspend licenses of nearly 140 Jet pilots
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 6, 2014  | 15:45 IST
Indian Aviation regulator DGCA has cracked down on nearly 140 Jet Airways pilots for continuing to fly without clearing mandatory biannual exams and issued show cause notices to the airline questioning its pilot training programme.
The notices were issued to the pilots, as also Jet's chief operating officer and training chief, on the basis of an audit of its training programme by a three-member DGCA team.
The DGCA, through the show cause notices, asked these pilots why their licenses should not be suspended as they were flying without clearing their Pilot Proficiency Check (PPC) tests, which have to be carried out every six months.
The audit was ordered after one of the airline's planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over the Turkish airspace on the Brussels-Mumbai route early last month.
When contacted, a Jet Airways spokesperson said the airline "has not seen the report from the DGCA nor has the airline been advised on when it will be received. We therefore cannot comment on the so called findings in the report or the speculation in the media."
"However we are confident that our training meets all DGCA and international standards and that we will be able to resolve any discrepancies or address any observations, however minor, once we have the report and can discuss the findings with the DGCA," the spokesperson said.
Maintaining that safety of passengers and crew "remains our paramount priority", she said, "We will work closely with the DGCA to swiftly resolve any issues that may be highlighted by the authorities."
Airline officials said they would be seeking a meeting with the DGCA soon.
While Jet was asked to ground three pilots "whose training was found to be deficient", the DGCA also proposed action against some of the airline's trainers who "imparted deficient simulator training to pilots", DGCA officials said.
After the August eight incident involving the Jet flight over Turkey, the regulator conducted the audit from August 20 -22, claiming to have found discrepancies of "serious nature".
Jet employs obout 600 pilots.
As per the findings of the audit report, as many as 131 pilots were found to be flying after expiry of validity of certificates of their proficiency check, a test that is required to be taken every six months.
These tests examine the overall knowledge level and proficiency of a pilot, the officials said.
Commenting on the matter, a senior pilot, who refused to be named, said the DGCA has been changing rules in this regard "very often" and it takes time for an airline to meet the detailed guidelines and standards required by the rules.
The DGCA rules allow extension of time for Pilot Proficiency Checks (PPCs) by a month, he said, adding that the PPCs include checks on simulator training, on-flight route checks and completion of various courses including aviation security (AVSEC) and Dangerous Goods Course for pilots.
"If a pilot clears all flying exams but his AVSEC test gets delayed, he is still proficient enought to fly. The AVSEC test is meant for getting our airport security passes and has nothing to do with actual flying," the pilot argued.
Jet officials also said the airline was setting up its own flight simulators in Bangalore and was awaiting certification by the DGCA. Till then, the airline was sending its pilots for simulator training to Hong Kong, Jakarta, Dubai and even in Gurgaon, they said.
As per the DGCA audit, the private carrier's training and operations chiefs have been charged with "lack of supervision of flight crew training, no review of deficiencies recorded in training assessment forms and permitting release of flight crew for flying duties without corrective training."

India vs England statistics: Batsmen rank up numbers in fifthODIJadeja's outstanding strike rate of 127.94 is the highest by an India's number seven batsman against England in ODIs (minimum 75). (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Leeds | Posted: September 6, 2014 3:35 pm | Updated: September 6, 2014 4:04 pm
Statistical highlights of the fifth and final one-dayer between India and England.
# For the first time in limited-over internationals, Ambati Rayudu posted back to back fifties – 64 not out off 78 balls at Nottingham and 53 off 65 balls at Leeds.
# Rayudu’s second half century against England is his fourth in ODIs.
# Ben Stokes (3/47) recorded his best bowling figures against India in ODIs.
# Joe Root got his first Man of the Match award vs India – his second in ODIs. His superb innings is the first century by an England batsman against India at Headingley, Leeds.
# Root (113 off 108 balls) recorded his highest score in ODIs, bettering 107 off 122 balls vs West Indies at North Sound on March 5, 2014.
# Root’s first century vs India is his second in ODIs. He became the third England batsman after David Gower and Eoin Morgan to post two centuries by the age of 23.
# Overall, five centuries by four players have been registered for England at Headingley, Leeds in ODIs. Marcus Trescothick is the only one to post two centuries at this venue.
# Just 11 centuries have been recorded by England’s number four batsmen in ODIs. The said tally is the least by the top eight sides. 29 centuries each have been recorded for India and Pakistan.
# England have won 4 and lost two out of six played vs India at Headingley, Leeds.
# Alastair Cook has captained in 63 ODIs – the most by an England skipper, overtaking the 62 by Andrew Strauss.
# England (294 for seven) have registered their highest against India at Leeds, eclipsing the 266 for six on July 13, 1974.
# Cook, with 2383 runs (ave.40.38) in 63 matches, is the leading run-scorer for England as captain in ODIs, bettering the 2367 (ave.39.45) in 62 matches by Andrew Strauss.
# Jos Buttler’s splendid 49 off 40 balls is his highest score against India in ODIs.
# Buttler and Root were associated in a stand of 108 – England’s fifth century stand against India for the fifth wicket in ODIs – their highest is 174 between Andrew Flintoff and Paul Collingwood at The Oval on September 3, 2004.
# Virat Kohli is yet to register a fifty in the entire tour of England – 14 innings in a row, registering his worst sequence.
# Mohammed Shami took his wickets’ tally to 28 (ave.24.92) in 13 matches. The said tally is the second highest in ODIs in 2014, next only to the 29 (ave.26.48) in 17 matches by Lasith Malinga.
# Moeen Ali recorded his best bowling performance in ODIs.
# Ravindra Jadeja recorded his 10th fifty in ODIs – his third vs England. His magnificent 87 off 68 balls is his highest score in ODIs, eclipsing the 78 vs England at The Oval on September 9, 2011.
# Jadeja’s innings is the joint highest by India’s number seven batsman in ODIs in England. continued…

Most Wall St firms see US rate hike in 2015: PollMost Wall Street firms see US rate hike in 2nd quarter 2015: Poll
Reuters Sep 6, 2014, 10.19AM IST
(Nine of 17 primary dealers…)
NEW YORK: A majority of Wall Street's top bond firms see the Federal Reserve starting to raise interest rates by the second quarter of next year, showing slightly more aggressive expectations compared with a month ago, a Reuters survey showed on Friday.
Nine of 17 primary dealers, the banks that deal directly with the Fed, said the US central bank's first rate increase would occur in the second quarter of 2015, the survey found.
In a survey taken in early August, six of 19 dealers had expected such a move. All but five of the 22 primary dealers participated in the latest survey. The view that the Fed has accelerated its timeline for raising rates came even after Friday's monthly employment report, which showed that US employers hired the fewest number of workers in eight months in August and that more Americans gave up the hunt for jobs.
Nonfarm payrolls increased 142,000 last month, missing economists' median expectation of a gain of 225,000, after expanding by 212,000 in July.
"This jobs report is effectively meaningless for Fed policy. It's one weak month, but the trends still look healthy. We don't really see a big issue there," said Drew Matus, an economist at UBS in New York.
Fed Chair Janet Yellen said in a speech at an annual conference in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, on Aug. 22 that the US central bank should move cautiously in deciding when to raise interest rates given that the country's labor market remains bruised from the Great Recession. The Fed's next policy meeting will be held on Sept. 16-17.
In the survey, eight of 15 Wall Street firms expected the Fed would stop reinvesting the proceeds from maturing bonds it holds on its roughly $4.5 trillion balance sheet in 2016, with six of those believing the halt would occur in the first quarter of that year.
The number of Wall Street firms that expected the halt in reinvestments to occur in 2016 was slightly fewer than it had been in early August, when nine of 16 dealers expected the move to occur in 2016.
FED FUNDS SEEN TOPPING OUT AT 3.75
The median forecast among dealers for the federal funds rate at the end of next year was 1 percent, while the median forecast for the end of 2016 was 2.50 percent. The median forecast for the federal funds rate's upper limit was 3.75 percent.
Since December 2008, the Fed has targeted a range of zero to 0.25 percent for its key funds rate.
Among 14 primary dealers, the median forecast for the Fed's long-term neutral target rate, which is seen as a level that promotes growth without stoking inflation, was 3.50 percent. This was below the current 3.75 percent estimate from Fed officials, based on their median June forecast.
FEATURED ARTICLES

KCR meets Modi; discusses household survey issueNew Delhi, September 6, 2014
Updated: September 7, 2014 02:34 IST
KCR gets ‘positive’ vibes from Modi on wish list
Special Correspondent
PTI Telangana Chief Minister K. Chandrashekhar Rao greets Prime Minister Narendra Modi during a meeting in New Delhi on Saturday.
TOPICS
state politics
Telangana Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao’s visit to Delhi had mixed results on day one on Saturday as he made an oral presentation of the State’s requirements including the promises made in the A.P. Reorganisation Act before Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
In all, the Chief Minister had put forward a wish-list of 21 demands before Mr Modi and the TRS MPs, who accompanied Mr. Rao, termed the meeting as “positive and encouraging”. “The Prime Minister heard Mr Rao patiently and responded to issues with positive vibes. The meeting lasted for over 35 minutes”, TRS MP B. Vinod Kumar, who was present at the meeting told The Hindu.
The Chief Minister read out his wish-list point by point and at the end submitted a representation to the Prime Minister. Interestingly, the contentious issue of extraordinary powers sought to be conferred on the Governor in maintenance of law and order in Hyderabad, the common capital of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana did not figure in the discussions.
On the State’s demand for 500 MW power from the un-allotted central pool, the Prime Minister assured to examine it and on the bifurcation of High Court, Mr. Modi assured to take up the matter with the concerned, Mr. Vinod Kumar said. On the demand for granting special status to Telangana, Mr Modi is said to have assured that the Centre would look into the matter keeping in mind the two States (Telangana and Andhra Pradesh).
Other demands of Telangana were: national project status to Pranahitha-Chevella, setting up 4,000 MW thermal power plant by NTPC, allocation of coal for it, sanctioning industrial corridors in Hyderabad-Nagpur and Hyderabad-Warangal sectors, an integrated steel plant at Bayyaram, setting up a 1,000 MW solar power park in Mahabubnagar district, setting up IIM and AIIMS, allocation of funds for setting up water grid.
Mr. Rao took some time to explain the salient features of the intensive household survey taken up in Telangana. Mr. Modi, it was said, asked Mr. Rao to send a report on it assuring that he would go through it.
Earlier, the Chief Minister invited Mr. Modi to either inaugurate Metropolis- the World Mayors’ conference to be held here in October. If the Prime Minister could not make it to the inaugural, he could at least attend the valedictory, Mr Rao requested.
Later, the Chief Minister called on President Pranab Mukherjee and invited him to attend the Metropolis meet. Mr. Rao also called on Union Ministers Ravi Shankar Prasad and Piyush Goyal and discussed the issues related to bifurcation of High Court and power. The Chief Minister is scheduled to meet Union Ministers Arun Jaitley and Smriti Irani on Sunday.

James Warren Tea: Outcome of AGMSep 06, 2014, 03.25 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
James Warren Tea: Outcome of AGM
James Warren Tea Ltd has informed BSE that the 5th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 05, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
James Warren Tea: Outcome of AGM
James Warren Tea Ltd has informed BSE that the 5th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 05, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
James Warren Tea Ltd has informed BSE that the 5th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 05, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Oasis Tradelink: Outcome of board meetingSep 06, 2014, 03.25 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Oasis Tradelink: Outcome of board meeting
Oasis Tradelink at its meeting held on September 05, 2014, has approved the increased Authorised Share Capital of the Company from 75,00,000 equity shares of Rs 10 each to 1,05,00,000 equity shares of Rs 10 each.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Oasis Tradelink: Outcome of board meeting
Oasis Tradelink at its meeting held on September 05, 2014, has approved the increased Authorised Share Capital of the Company from 75,00,000 equity shares of Rs 10 each to 1,05,00,000 equity shares of Rs 10 each.
Post your opinion here
 
Oasis Tradelink Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 05, 2014, inter alia, has approved the following;1. Increased Authorised Share Capital of the Company from 75,00,000 equity shares of Rs. 10/- each to 1,05,00,000 equity shares of Rs. 10/- each.2. Raising of funds of upto Rs. 3,20,00,000/- by way of preferential issue of equity shares / convertible debenture of the Company.Source : BSE

Market not overvalued  see Nifty at 9000 by Mar 2015: IL&FS08:00 am
Indian equities are not overvalued at this point and the Nifty could touch 9000 by March, feels Vibhav Kapoor, group Chief Investment Officer, IL&FS.
In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy, Kapoor says global equities in general are in a sweet spot, and even if the Fed were to hike rates, liquidity flows to emerging market would not impacted in a big way.
Kapoor feels some capital goods shares are expensive at current levels, but he is bullish on  Larsen and Toubro if the economy can sustain the pace of recovery seen in the first quarter.
Similarly, he says he will turn positive on banks and NBFCs if the economy continues to be on the mend.
Kapoor says concerns over high interest rates is a cause of worry for the market, but does not see the RBI cutting rates near term.
Below is the transcript of Vibhav Kapoor’s interview with CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy.
Latha: We saw a bit of dithering yesterday by the markets but today back again a fairly robust set of stocks and a robust manner of rise - the advanced declines is two stocks in the green for one stock in the red. Do you think this market is still showing no signs of correction at all, 8,200 quite easy in the September series?
A: Yes, the market is in a pretty good momentum phase right now and therefore you don’t really know when that awaited correction will come. It is difficult to time that.
Having said that today’s advanced decline ratio is good but the actual fact over the past few weeks actually has been that the broader market has not moved in line with the index at all. After that first phase of rise in almost all stocks which happened in April, May, June, the larger market has lagged far behind the index. That is something which is a little bit of concern at the back of one’s mind. Although given the rosy predictions and the fact that the economy is recovering at some stage maybe the broader market will catch up.
But there are certain issues there, for example high interest rates are still continuing. So there is a little bit of dichotomy in the index in the broader market.
Latha: When will the markets begin to worry about a valuation concern? Although we get carried away by numbers like 5.7 percent Gross Domestic Product (GDP) if you look at the actual industrial output, the index is exactly where it was about 30 months ago in 2012. Is the market running ahead and will the valuations sometime come to haunt?
A: Again you need to divide the market into index and non index, and maybe even sectorial wise there are differences. If you look at the index, I don’t think it is really overvalued too much at this point of time because the market consensus is for about Rs 580 to 600 Earnings per Share (EPS) on the Nifty for FY16. So if you take 15 P/E you could be even at 9,000 levels by March 2015, 12 months forward.
So that is not a very expensive valuation provided the economy continues to do reasonably well but on individual stock basis at times and particularly in certain sectors like capital goods there has been a very fast run and the market would have run ahead of the fundamental. So a lot is going to depend on how these hopes really pan out for the economy to improve. And as you said 5.7 percent for last quarter but that might be difficult to sustain going forward.
Sonia: We just heard from L&T on how order wins are picking up and especially in sectors like power which were so slow up until now. Would you continue to back some of these names like L&T despite the 50 percent run-up that we have seen already this year?
A: Yes, generally as everybody we are also bullish on the economy going forward. Hopeful that reforms will happen and things will begin to move on the ground much faster and if that happens then obviously stocks like L&T become good buy and holds. Maybe they are ahead of themselves for a short while but then fundamentals catch up and that is how the way the market goes and for a medium term investor there is still a lot of money to be made.
So the issue really is all these hopes which almost everybody is carrying, and I can’t see a single analyst who is negative or a single fund manager who is negative on the market, and there is no reason to be also but these hopes have to actually turn themselves into reality at some point of time.
So the market will probably continue to hope till maybe the fourth quarter of this year and if then it finds that things are not turning out the way it expected then you might see some disappointment happening.
Moneycontrol message boarder Anand wanted to know if it was a good idea to now buy auto stocks and especially, a stock like TVS Motor considering the frenetic run that these stocks have already seen.
 According to Vibhav Kapoor it was good ide to buy into the secot but did not give stock specific outlook. He said the sector still looks very good, and in case there was a cyclical recovery then the auto sector would generally do very well. According to him a lot of these stocks have run ahead of themselves but if you hold for a couple of years, then they should still give very decent returns.
Catch the entire interview on video
RELATED NEWS

JP Associates falls 14% again  debt concerns worry analystsSep 05, 2014, 02.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
JP Associates falls 14% again, debt concerns worry analysts
Goldman Sachs is concerned about its high leverage, with 4.5X consolidated net debt to equity and 0.7X interest coverage (EBIT/interest expense) as of March-end.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
JP Associates falls 14% again, debt concerns worry analysts
Goldman Sachs is concerned about its high leverage, with 4.5X consolidated net debt to equity and 0.7X interest coverage (EBIT/interest expense) as of March-end.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Even before it got time to lick clean its bruises, shares of  Jaiprakash Associates were hammered down in trade today. The stock fell to a 52-week low at Rs 32.30 per share losing over 14 percent intraday on Friday, after it lost 20 percent yesterday. 
Investors are concerned on promoters’ stake-sale even though the company has clarified that the fund was meant for social cause. Jaypee Infra Ventures which held 29.75 percent has sold 1.45 percent equity shares in the open market.
Despite having a ‘buy’ rating, brokerages too have turned bearish on the stock as debt concerns for the company loom large.
Goldman Sachs is concerned about its high leverage, with 4.5X consolidated net debt to equity and 0.7X interest coverage (EBIT/interest expense) as of March-end. Besides, the promoter stake-sale some recent events have raised questions about its profitability. On July 24, Abu Dhabi National Energy (TAQA) pulled out of an announced deal to acquire two of Jaiprakash Power Ventures’ hydro power plants.  Also on August 25, The Supreme Court has declared allocations of all coal blocks made during 1993-2010 as illegal, including 4 of Jaiprakash Associates and its subsidiaries.
Deutsche Bank has retained hold rating but reduced target by 5 percent to Rs 53 per share. The brokerage has also lowered its FY15-16e earnings by 12-18 percent to factor in lower cement volumes.
“There appears to be no near term triggers either in the form of accelerated asset sale or a cyclical turnaround of real estate and cement business in its areas of operations,” it says in a report.
At 13:13 hrs Jaiprakash Associates was quoting at Rs 33.35, down Rs 4.35, or 11.54 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Nasrin Sultana

Jaypee-RPower Exclusivity Pact Likely to be ExtendedJack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
New Delhi:
The exclusivity period of the pact for Reliance Power's proposed acquisition of Jaiprakash Associates' hydro power portfolio in a Rs 12,000 crore deal is likely to be extended by 60 days.
In one of the biggest deals in the power space, Anil Ambani Group firm Reliance Power in July announced that it had signed an initial agreement to acquire all the three hydroelectric power plants of Jaiprakash Associates Ltd. The deal would be worth about Rs 12,000 crore.
Investment banking sources said the exclusivity period of the agreed Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for the proposed deal is likely to be extended by 60 days.
The MoU between RPower and Jaypee Group was signed on July 27 and the exclusivity period was to end on September 25.
When contacted, an RPower spokesperson did not comment.
Queries sent to Jaypee Group spokesperson remained unanswered.
SBI Capital Markets is the advisor to the proposed transaction. The Rs 12,000 crore deal includes Rs 9,500 crore in debt and Rs 2,500 crore in equity.
RPower plans to refinance the debt and the equity component would come from internal accruals. Currently, the company has about Rs 3,000 crore cash in hand. The deal would be EPS accretive from the first day.
Reliance CleanGen Ltd (RCL), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Reliance Power Ltd, and Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd, a subsidiary of Jaiprakash Associates Ltd, have inked the exclusive MoU.
JPVL's hydroelectric power portfolio has an aggregate capacity of nearly 1,800 MW, fully in operation.
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 15:18 (IST)

PNB Challenges Court Order Allowing Kingfisher to be Represented by LawyersYou are here: Home Corporates
PNB Challenges Court Order Allowing Kingfisher to be Represented by Lawyers
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 05, 2014 23:34 (IST)
Jack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
New Delhi: Punjab National Bank has challenged a Delhi High Court order allowing lawyers to represent Kingfisher Airlines in proceedings initiated by the lender to decide whether the grounded carrier and its regulators are 'wilful defaulters' for non-payment of dues.
PNB in its plea has sought setting aside of the High Court's August 28 order which had also stayed the bank's notice to the extent it threatened to hold the airline and its guarantors United Breweries (Holdings) Ltd (UBHL) and Vijay Mallya as wilful defaulters in the event of no reply within seven days from August 21.
The court had said the operation of the default notice would not come into effect as PNB will have to give to the airline, within a week from August 28, the documents relied upon by it and Kingfisher was given two weeks to respond.
In its appeal, PNB said the airline had not disclosed that a similar plea of the carrier, against United Bank of India, was dismissed by a division bench of the Calcutta High Court on July 16.
It has also submitted that the airline's appeal against the Calcutta High Court's decision was dismissed by the Supreme Court on September 2.
"Set aside the impugned judgement and order dated August 28, 2014 passed by the single judge of the high court," the bank's petition noted.
The Delhi High Court in its August 28 order had held as "unacceptable" the bank's reasons for not allowing the airlines to be represented by lawyers in the proceedings initiated to decide whether the grounded carrier is a willful defaulter for non-payment of dues and directed that two advocates be allowed to represent Kingfisher.
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 23:15 (IST)

Indias Narendra Modi turns teacher on Teachers DayBy Rama Lakshmi September 5 Follow @RamaNewDelhi
Children at a primary municipal school at Bakshi Kala Daraganj in Allahabad crowd around a radio as they listen to a broadcast by Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi delivering his Teachers' Day speech on Friday. (Sanjay Kanojia/AFP/Getty Images)
NEW DELHI — The usually low-key Teachers' Day celebration turned into a pitched political battle in India on Friday.
In a first, India’s prime minister, Narendra Modi, turned into a teacher and   delivered a speech to school students across India on the day meant for teachers.
To organize the largest viewership for this televised event, schools purchased televisions, mounted projection screens, ordered back-up electricity and shifted schedules to accommodate Modi’s speech.
“What is the reason that the best of our students don’t want to be teachers?” Modi asked. He then took some prepared questions from students and spoke about career goals, volunteer work and the world beyond “books, TV and computers.”
Not everybody was happy. Why is the prime minister trying to be the prime teacher, some asked. Others questioned why Modi was hijacking a day that was meant for teachers?
“It would have been better if he had given his sermon during school hours, not after,” said Manish Tewari, a spokesman for the opposition Congress Party. He said the government is “ inconveniencing teachers , students and parents.”
@ruchicatomar  Tweeted : A moment's silence for all the teachers across India.Their day hijacked by PM's speech and extra hours at school minding restless children.
The news portal First Post ran an essay titled “Modi-ji, why not leave the kids alone.”
India’s minister for human resource development Smriti Irani  struggled to convince critics that she had only “requested” schools have  the students listen to the speech and did not force them. But her ministry told schools to report how many  attended.
In an editorial  Friday titled "Command and control: Insread of politicizing Teachers' Day government must push education reforms," the Times of India newspaper said: “As things stand, the education system reeks of a bygone era of command and control where a student is seen as a passive recipient of knowledge. Instead of politicizing Teachers’ Day government must push education reforms.”
@chitraSD   Tweeted :  If we can use this day to start a national conversation on what teachers are paid in India, we would have advanced a little. #TeachersDay
Modi also spoke of building separate rest rooms  in schools for girls.
But in some schools, students had to sit through more than one speech.
Not to  be left out of Modi’s school outreach, local chief ministers of state governments also addressed students, several hours before Modi did.
Rama Lakshmi has been with The Post's India bureau since 1990. She is a staff writer and India social media editor for Post World.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=world, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=5, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=5, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409939940/1409939940000/1409939940 tracking: {authors=Rama Lakshmi, blog_name=worldviews, content_category=World, in_url_headline=indias-prime-minister-narendra-modi-plays-teacher-on-teachers-day, post_id=36980, section={section=world, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 5:59:00 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 5:59:00 PM

Australia signs n-deal  says it trusts India with its uraniumPrime Minister Narendra Modi with his Australian Counterpart Tony Abbott, during their meeting in New Delhi on Friday. (Source: PTI Photo)
Written by Shubhajit Roy | Posted: September 6, 2014 1:51 am
Seven years after the then Australian Prime Minister John Howard decided to sell uranium to India, a non-signatory of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty, New Delhi and Canberra signed the civilian nuclear cooperation agreement on Friday, with Howard’s successor Tony Abbott saying that Australia “trusts India” with its uranium.
After holding talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Hyderabad House, Abbott said, “Today, we signed a significant specific thing… we signed the civilian nuclear cooperation agreement, because Australia trusts India to do the right thing in this area, just as it has done the right thing in every area since independence almost 70 years ago.”
“Hardly any country on this planet has been a model citizen like India. India has scrupulously dotted every i’s and crossed every t’s when it comes to international law, that’s why we are happy to trust India with our uranium in the months and years (to come),” the Australian Prime Minister said.
Calling the agreement a “historic milestone” in bilateral ties, Modi said, “It is a reflection of a new level of mutual trust and confidence in our relationship and will open a new chapter in our bilateral cooperation. It will support India’s efforts to fuel its growth with clean energy and minimise the carbon footprint of its growth.”
The agreement was signed by Atomic Energy Secretary R K Sinha and Australian High Commissioner Patrick Suckling. The signing
ceremony was attended by Home Minister Rajnath SIngh, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, HRD Minister Smriti Irani, Power Minister Piyush Goyal, Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman and senior officials from both sides.
Australia went through a series of flip-flops before it finally made up its mind on the agreement. While Howard, a PM from the Liberal Party, decided to sell uranium to India in 2007, it was overturned by the next government of the Labour Party led by Kevin Rudd. The Labour Party has traditionally been opposed to selling uranium to countries which are not NPT signatories.
Subsequently, Rudd was replaced by Julia Gillard, who in 2011, reversed the Labour Party’s position and decided to sell uranium to India. After three years of negotiations, the deal has been signed by Abbott, again a Liberal Party PM.
Australia’s known uranium resources are the world’s largest — 31 per cent of the world total. It is the world’s third-ranking producer, behind Kazakhstan and Canada, with whom India has already signed deals. The uranium is needed by India to power its exisiting and proposed nuclear power plants.
On Friday, the India-Australia joint statement said, “The Prime Ministers welcomed the signing of the bilateral Civil Nuclear Cooperation Agreement as a concrete symbol of the bilateral partnership. They noted the Agreement would enable the sale of Australian uranium to support India’s continued…

Modis speech: Some applaud  others say of little relevanceVisually-challenged students at JPM Senior Secondary School listen to the speech on Friday. (Source: Ravi Kanojia)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 4:05 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Teachers’ Day speech evoked mixed reactions — while some welcomed the initiative to interact with students, others felt the PM’s message was more for children than teachers.
Principal of Laxman Public School Usha Ram said, “The day went off without a glitch as we had made arrangements for buses and rooms. Students were excited to be a part of the programme  and applauded at several portions of the speech.”
Neenu Goswami, principal, Bal Bharati, Rohini, said, “Around 15,000 students assembled in two auditoriums and the screening began on time.
The feeling of togetherness and camaraderie was what I loved about the occasion. The children were not just passive listeners. They raised their hands when he asked a question and clapped when he made a point.”
However, Jyoti Bose, principal of Springdales School, Dhaula Kuan, said, “Although it was Teachers’ Day, the message was largely addressed to students…”
Meanwhile, due to the changed school timings, parents had a tough time getting their wards home as Delhi Transport Corporation refused to provide buses to schools in the evening.
“We can provide buses to schools for the morning and afternoon shifts, but not in the evening rush-hour. DTC has to cater to people returning from work,” a DTC official said.
At DPS, Mathura Road, parents had to pick up their wards as the school could not arrange for transportation. By 5 pm, several cars parked outside the school caused traffic snarls. “I had to leave work early to pick my daughter. We came to know about the school’s transport arrangement two days back,” the mother of a Class VI student said.
Several students complained of glitches in the screening. “We could not see the video properly because of the rain. Speakers in the classroom were not working. We then went to another classroom and saw just five minutes of the speech,” a DPS, Mathura Road, student  said.

Premji Invest participates in $106 mn pre-IP...Azim Premji
(The family office has participated…)
BANGALORE: Premji Invest, the family office of Wipro's billionaire Chairman Azim Premji , has made its first bet in a Silicon Valley-based company after it started scouting for investments in the Bay Area a few months ago.
The family office has participated in a $106-million (Rs 640-crore) pre-IPO round — led by Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield and Byers (KPCB) — in DataStax, a database technology company. ET had reported on June 3 that the family office with a corpus of over Rs 10,000 crore is looking to invest in overseas opportunities as well.
Prakash Parthasarathy, chief investment officer of Premji Invest, confirmed the funding but declined to reveal details.
DataStax, founded in 2010, has raised a total of $190 million (Rs 1,150 crore) so far. ClearBridge Investments, Cross Creek Advisors and Wasatch Funds, which together manage over $100 billion (Rs 6 lakh crore) worth of mutual funds, and Comcast Ventures were also part of the Series E round.
The company has over 350 employees and is valued at $830 million with many Fortune 100 customers. It competes with database technology providers such as MongoDB and CouchDB.
"Demand for DataStax is strong and accelerating as companies are realising that in today's world you either make data the centre of your business or fall far behind your competitors who do so," said Billy Bosworth, CEO of DataStax.
Others too Looking to Invest
With the explosion of data, the market for database management systems is expected to grow rapidly. According to Gartner, the total spending on Distributed Database Management Systems (DBMSs) is expected to grow to over $50 billion, up from $31 billion in 2013.
Premji Invest had hired Sandesh Patnam, a San Francisco-based investor, for its technology practice. It has invested in over 60 companies, fixed-income instruments, real estate and shares.
"For Indian companies such as Infosys or InMobi, it is common to make strategic investments in overseas companies," said Sanat Rao, mergers & acquisitions advisor at software products think tank iSpirt.
However, for those looking at 'startup investing' as an asset class, the common route has been to become a limited partner in an overseas fund. "We usually don't see them go out and make an investment themselves," said Rao.
Other family offices have been looking at overseas markets as well. Innovations Investment Management India, the family office of former Infosys CEO SD Shibulal, has bought nearly 700 real estate assets in Seattle, US. Meanwhile, Premji's son Rishad Premji has been pushing Wipro's investments in startups and product companies overseas. Under Rishad, Wipro has set up a $100-million (Rs 600-crore) fund to invest in technology startups.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Want personal stlying tips Ecomm cos to your service!You are here: Home > Collections
Myntra, Jabong line up stylists to offer personalised advice to customers via phone, email or chat
Rasul Bailay, ET Bureau Sep 6, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
chat
(Personalised consultancy…)
NEW DELHI: The 25-year-old IT executive had a problem. She was about to get ready for a friend's birthday party but she didn't know which of three dresses recently bought from Jabong would look best on her 5'1" frame. She called customer care and asked for advice. A stylist called back in two hours and told her to go with black. So that's what she did.
Another woman, also 25, was concerned that people mistook her for an 18-year-old.
"What trends and size should I be wearing to make my wardrobe look more mature?" she wrote to Myntra seeking advice. A young man wanted to know if pink was too feminine. "How can I wear a pink shirt and still look masculine?" he asked.
Afortnight after Myntra.com launched a Look Good Helpline , allowing customers to talk to a stylist for personalised advice either by phone or email, it has become a hit among young shoppers and top rivals such as Jabong have also rolled out similar services. Myntra COO Ganesh Subramanian said the initiative democratises fashion.
Raising Style Quotient of Consumers
"Why should only a Bollywood star get fashion tips? Why wouldn't somebody sitting in Ranchi or Raipur get the same information? We are saying the best of fashion information is available to everyone in the country and we will be the leveller," he said.
"People are asking all sorts of questions. Daily we get tens of such requests and people have started engaging," Subramanian said. Myntra, the country's largest online fashion retailer, is being acquired by Flipkart .
Rival Jabong.com too has added stylists on call to help consumers and plans to offer live chats with its advisors in the coming weeks.
Personalised consultancy is the latest offering from India's fashion e-commerce companies that are extensively trying to raise the style quotient of consumers and engage them in awareness lessons in a bid to attract more shoppers and increase sales.
Myntra set the ball rolling in March by offering style tips through text messages. Gurgaon-based Jabong, which has added stylists on call to help consumers, will soon bring them to live chats. "On the call, it is difficult to explain how you look and what you are wearing. On chat you can easily click and share what he or she is going to wear and the stylist will be able to help them in a better way," said Praveen Sinha, co-founder of Jabong.
Jabong has been uploading videos of models wearing its styles. It has so far uploaded about 12,000 videos and now churns out about 2,000 of them every week. Both Jabong and Myntra have lined up more than 20 stylists each in a bid to help consumers. Many of the people hired have worked with top models. Others are professionals who have worked as magazine stylists.
Other sites are also coming to the help of those looking for style tips. On Tuesday, Fashionara.com started its online and phone chat fashion tips service with about half-a-dozen style advisors. "It is not to up selling or to increase the basket sizes, it is really about giving a service the customers are looking for and adds value to their shopping experience," said Darpan Munjal, co-founder of the fashion portal.
At Limeroad.com, when a consumer picks, say, a top, the site immediately suggests trousers, belts, bags, shoes and other accessories that could go with it.
Subramanian said Myntra's research found that consumers face a lot of "anxiety" while shopping due to the confusing array of choices available online as well in brickand-mortar stores. "This is the anxiety we are trying to solve. You have a style problem, tell us. You have any concern, tell us. If you worry about their fashion we will take care of it," Subramanian said.
Consumers looking for free fashion tips just need to dial the Myntra number to get daily fashion tips or to line up an appointment to talk to astylist. Since starting the service, Myntra has signed up more than 30,000 subscribers each for its text message tips, email and calls with stylists.
FEATURED ARTICLES

S&P 500 ends at record as jobs report eases Fed worriesSep 06, 2014, 09.03 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
S&P 500 ends at record as jobs report eases Fed worries
By early afternoon, however, major indexes turned positive, led by utilities. Fed officials have made it clear that they see the labor market as still struggling, which partially justifies keeping rates at rock-bottom levels.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
S&P 500 ends at record as jobs report eases Fed worries
By early afternoon, however, major indexes turned positive, led by utilities. Fed officials have made it clear that they see the labor market as still struggling, which partially justifies keeping rates at rock-bottom levels.
Post your opinion here
 
US stocks ended higher on Friday, lifting the S&P 500 to a fresh closing high, after a weaker-than-expected jobs report was taken as a sign that the Federal Reserve will not begin raising interest rates anytime soon.
Stocks had traded lower after the government reported fewer US jobs were created in August than expected.
By early afternoon, however, major indexes turned positive, led by utilities. Fed officials have made it clear that they see the labor market as still struggling, which partially justifies keeping rates at rock-bottom levels.
"The nonfarm payroll numbers fell well short of expectations, but the market reaction suggests a stronger-than-consensus number might have been met with a downward bias in equities," said Jim Russell, senior equity strategist at US Bank Wealth Management in Cincinnati.
"What we saw today called off the dogs to some degree and took the heat down a notch or two from investors' concern about rate hikes."
Utilities gained 1.2 percent as investors turned to the group for their income appeal with bond yields falling in response to the payrolls data. Utility shares often benefit as bond yields fall because the companies pay relatively rich dividends.
Power generator NRG Energy Inc rose 1.9 percent to USD 30.89, and XCEL Energy Inc advanced 1.9 percent to USD 32.48.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 67.78 points, or 0.4 percent, to 17,137.36. The S&P 500 was up 10.06 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,007.71. The Nasdaq Composite added 20.61 points, or 0.45 percent, to 4,582.90.
For the week, the Dow and the S&P each gained 0.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.06 percent.
Family Dollar Stores Inc shares lost 1.2 percent to USD 79.11 after the discount retailer rejected Dollar General Corp's sweetened takeover bid. Shares of Dollar General fell 2.3 percent to USD 63.01.
Apple shares edged up 0.9 percent to USD 98.97 after the company said it planned to add new security features to its iCloud service.
Retailers lost ground. Michael Kors shares lost 4.5 percent to USD 76.39 after the company announced a secondary offering of 11.6 million shares.
Gap Inc shares fell 4.2 percent to USD 44.65 after worse-than-expected same-store-sales in August.
About 5.2 billion shares traded on all US platforms, according to BATS exchange data, compared with the five-day average of 5.1 billion.
RELATED NEWS

Medinova Diagnostic Services to hold AGMThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

CAG raps Andhra Pradesh govt for poor fiscal managementCAG raps Andhra Pradesh govt for poor fiscal management
V. Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept. 6:  
The Comptroller and Auditor-General of India (CAG) has faulted the functioning of the Andhra Pradesh Government in managing the State’s finances and implementation of various irrigation projects.
Poor finance management had resulted in underutilisation of the funds provided and project delays had led to a loss to the exchequer without providing the desired benefits to the people.
In reports tabled in the AP State Legislative Assembly today, the CAG covered State finances and Budgetary provisions and observed that budgetary assumptions were unrealistic, and the expenditure monitoring and control mechanism were weak during 2012-13.
It stated that the entire supplementary provision of Rs 10,990 crore had proved unnecessary, as the actual expenditure of Rs 1,30,704 crore incurred was less than the original Budget provision of Rs 1,46,243 crore.
The overall savings of Rs 26,528 crore stood at 17 per cent of the budget due mainly to the non-release of budgetary orders, freeze orders by the Government and slow progress of works among other issues.
It further said several policy initiatives taken up by the Government were either unfulfilled or were partially executed due to non-approval of scheme guidelines, non-release of budget and parking funds in banks and fixed deposits.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)

Id love to do biopic on Michael Jackson: TigerShroffTiger Shroff: I am not a celebrity. I just want to work hard.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 6, 2014 3:41 pm
Actor Tiger Shroff, who is known for his dancing skills and who has recently unveiled a dance video to pay tribute to Michael Jackson, says he would love to feature in a biopic on the late King of Pop.
“It’s my dream to do that (to feature in a biopic on Michael Jackson). This has been at the back of my head for a long time, but let’s see,” the ‘Heropanti’ actor told IANS.
“I have done a lot of research on him. If at all I get an opportunity, I have to get into his body language and lose some weight. I would be more than happy to do this biopic,” he added.
At an event here Thursday, Tiger had said that Jackson has been his inspiration.
Tiger has his own fan following, but he considers himself a labourer. “I am not a celebrity. I just want to work hard. I consider myself as a labourer. I can only work hard,” he said.
It's my dream to do that (to feature in a biopic on Michael Jackson). This has been at the back of my head for a long time, but let's see

Modi govt will clear hurdles for building RamtemplePress Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: September 6, 2014 4:12 pm
The BJP-led NDA Government’s immediate priority is to ensure that the economic parameters of the country are improved, though issues such as Ram Janmabhoomi are still on the agenda, the party’s national general secretary P Muralidhar Rao said on Saturday.
“We want to solve all the issues as early as possible. But the rider is…first priority is to tackle the economic problems of the country and bring (the country) back to growth path and establishing good governance. These are the main priorities before the Government as of now,” Rao said at a press conference in response to questions.
“Whether it is Ram Janmabhoomi or uniform civil code or Article 370, there is an agenda for BJP. All the issues cannot be solved immediately…We are not going to build Ram temple. The Government will pave the way by clearing hurdles to the people who are going to construct Ram Mandir (Ram Temple),” he added.
Rao said though ideologically the Ram Janmabhoomi issue is important, the Government will have to “observe the same sequence of promises” made before the Lok Sabha elections, when it comes to implementation.
Terming Prime Minister Modi’s recent visit to Japan as a “strategic one”, Rao said the tour is an important step towards making Asian region as economic leader of the world.
The BJP leader said the Prime Minister’s recent visits to countries such as Brazil are to garner support for the country’s bid to secure a permanent place in the UN Security Council, among others.
Rao rubbished allegations in some quarters that the Modi’s Cabinet colleagues do not have freedom, terming them as “baseless”.
According to him, all the economic indicators of the country started showing improvement during the past three months due to the “pro-active approach” of the Government.

Telangana CM meets Modi; discusses household surveyissuePress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 4:10 pm
Amid reports of friction between the Centre and the Telangana Government, a delegation led by Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao on Saturday called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi and discussed the controversial household survey conducted in the state among other issues.
The Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) government had conducted a massive household survey across the state last month to ascertain comprehensive information on citizens, an exercise which attracted criticism from certain quarters.
The survey had created apprehension among people hailing from Seemandhra region who reside in Telangana that it was meant to identify Seemandhra natives.
“We have told the Prime Minister that we have done the survey and got the best of it. We informed him (about) the benefits of the survey,” TRS Rajya Sabha MP K Keshava Rao told PTI after the meeting.
Keshava Rao asserted that the survey was conducted only to know the true facts on the ground against the backdrop of alleged excess ration cards.
“There are 80 lakh households, but 1.2 crore ration cards. We wanted to know what is reason behind it… So, we thought that the best thing would be to get the real picture.
We had no other intention,” he said.
The Chief Minister was accompanied by his party MPs.
Keshava Rao also said that the delegation has urged the PM to consider a second airport for Hyderabad in the northern part of the city.
“Already, we have an airport in the southern part of Hyderabad. We have requested for another airport in the northern part of the city.”
Telangana special representative to Delhi, Venugopalachary said the meeting lasted for 30 minutes, during which about 20 issues ranging from power to setting up of educational institutions were discussed.

Badaun case: Victims family seeks PMs help in gettingjusticePress Trust of India | Badaun | Posted: September 6, 2014 4:07 pm
With all the five accused in the alleged gangrape and murder of two cousins in Katra Saadatgaj village here getting bail, the victims’ family today alleged discrimination in the investigations and urged the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to help them get justice.
The father of the elder girl whose body was found hanging from the tree alleges discrimination on the part of CBI which is investigating the case.
“The topmost police official of the state (DGP UP A L Bannerji) had stated that one of the two girls was raped and now the CBI is saying that none of them were raped even without the second post mortem performed on them”, he told newspersons here.
He also questioned as to why the second post mortem, planned earlier, has not been done even though the water level of Ganga because of which the bodies had not been exhumed has receded.
Expressing dissatisfaction over the ongoing CBI inquiry, the father of the younger of the two victims, urged the Prime Minister to help the family get justice asking how the family can hope to get justice when all the five accused have almost been given a clean chit.
Angry over the developments, the family also ask for withdrawal of the security cover provided to them and repeated their threat that they will all end their lives by hanging from the same tree if they failed to get justice.
It might be mentioned that all the five accused arrested in connection including the two constables have been granted bail from a local court following failure of filing of chargesheet within stipulated 90 days period.
The bodies of the two cousins, aged 14 and 15, were found hanging from a tree in Katra-Saadatganj village here in the last week of May, an incident which sparked national outrage with the Samajwadi Party government in the state coming under fire on the issue of law and order.

I hope to kill girl-next-door image: ParineetiChopraParineeti Chopra shares her insights about working in 'Kill Dil', on being stereotyped as the 'bindaas bubbly' girl and dating rumours.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 6, 2014 4:02 pm
Actress Parineeti Chopra feels perturbed when people refer to her as the quintessential ‘girl-next-door’ of Bollywood. She hopes that with her forthcoming films ‘Kill Dil’ and ‘Daawat-e-Ishq’, she will be able to break that stereotype.
In an interview, Parineeti has shared insights about working in ‘Kill Dil’, on being stereotyped as the ‘bindaas bubbly’ girl and dating rumours.
Q: What’s it like working with Shaad Ali in ‘Kill Dil’?
A: I think I am in awe of Shaad. When I got the offer, I was happy I was going to work with the director of ‘Saathiya’ and ‘Bunty Aur Babli’. But now that I’ve got to work closely with him, my love and respect for the person that he is, has touched the sky. He is is a joy to work with. No matter how much the stress on the sets, he’s always in a good mood. When a director is not temperamental, then the actor looks forward to going to the sets every day. For us actors in ‘Kill Dil’ – Ranveer Singh, Govinda and me, Shaad is not just a fantastic director but also a friend. When we finished shooting we partied together.
Q: Ranveer and Shaad are very close friends. So were you the outsider in the beginning?
A: Oh yes, for sure! I already shared an equation with Ranveer. I used to manage his career when I was working for Yash Raj Films. He was also my first co-star. But I didn’t know Shaad at all. But within five minutes of meeting him, the ice was broken. It’s not difficult to get along with Shaad.
Q: He’s an introvert and you’re an extrovert?
A: Shaad is not an introvert! He talks a lot. He is constantly joking and laughing.
Read: ‘Daawat-e-Ishq’ celebration of love and food: Parineeti Chopra
Q: So after Rani Mukerji are you the new ‘Babli’ in Shaad’s cinema?
A: Ha ha. I hope not. I am not at all the bindaas bubbly type in Shaad’s film. I am very different in ‘Kill Dill’ from the way I am seen in my other films. That’s what we all from the ‘Kill Dill’ team believe. So far I haven’t done anything that’s glamorous, be it ‘Shuddh Desi Romance’ or ‘Hasee Toh Phansee’, I’ve so far pretty much played the normal working class girl.
Q: I think slotting you as the girl next door belittles your versatility?
A: That’s what I feel too. Whenever I am asked this, I’ve to spend half an hour explaining why I feel I don’t need to be slotted as the girl-next-door. Like when I am asked, ‘Oh, you excel at playing the loud Punjabi girl’. The funny thing is, I’ve only played Punjabi in my first four films released continued…
Maybe some people think just playing loud characters makes me Punjabi. But if you think about it, the girl I played in 'Hasee To Phansee' was very different from the girl in 'Ishaqzaade'.

Sweet break for code punchersUpdated: September 6, 2014 16:15 IST
Sweet break for code punchers
Vipasha Sinha
The Hindu Bakers Code is located at 45 AB Shubham Complex, Seventh Avenue, Besant Nagar.
TOPICS
baking and confectionery
Bakers Code in Besant Nagar plans to open a café.
At present, Bakers Code in Besant Nagar functions as a bakery. Plans are afoot to start a café at the facility. The move has been fuelled by the encouraging patronage it enjoys in Besant Nagar. Bakers Code, the brainchild of Nivruti Reddy, daughter of Nina Reddy, first came up in OMR, its name making its intentions clear: wooing the IT crowd.
The Besant Nagar outlet was opened less than a year ago.
“Bakers Code has three branches now – in Besant Nagar, Velachery and OMR,” says Kumaresh S., the GM of the group.
He points out that though the outlet on Besant Nagar was recently opened, it has earned some regular customers. “A plan to start a café is in the pipeline,” he says.
Bakers Code is known for its celebration cakes. Its popular offerings include Danish Cakes, puddings and cupcakes. On how it keeps up with the competition, Kumaresh says, “We are very particular about the quality of our products and we maintain it throughout our branches. All the cooking is done in our central kitchen in OMR and the freshly made deserts are served at every restaurant,” he says.

FreeCharge launches new campaign targeting youthSep 06, 2014, 03.40 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
FreeCharge launches new campaign targeting youth
FreeCharge announced that it had secured additional funding of Rs 200 crore to build its transactional advertising offerings, and also launched its debut advertising campaign.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
FreeCharge launches new campaign targeting youth
FreeCharge announced that it had secured additional funding of Rs 200 crore to build its transactional advertising offerings, and also launched its debut advertising campaign.
Post your opinion here
Story Board
It's been a good week for four-year old mobile recharge platform FreeCharge. The company announced that it had secured additional funding of Rs 200 crore to build its transactional advertising offerings, and also launched its debut advertising campaign. Conceptualized by Lowe Lintas, the campaign seeks to build an emotional bond with the core TG - the youth. Take a look.
Freecharge is targeting one million transactions a day by March next year, and hopes to expand its current 10 million strong base of registered users.
RELATED NEWS

Storyboard: BuzzFeed s India strategySep 06, 2014, 03.35 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Storyboard: BuzzFeed's India strategy
BuzzFeed, the social media and entertainment company known for it's branded and viral content soft launched in India last month, making India the sixth country they operate outside the United States.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Storyboard: BuzzFeed's India strategy
BuzzFeed, the social media and entertainment company known for it's branded and viral content soft launched in India last month, making India the sixth country they operate outside the United States.
Post your opinion here
Story Board
Now the 10 commandments may have started it, but lists got a new meaning and dare I say, a new lease of life with BuzzFeed. The social media and entertainment company known for it's branded and viral content soft launched in India last month, making India the sixth country they operate outside the United States. So how does BuzzFeed plan to fight it out here and what is it's growth strategy? BuzzFeed's VP for International, Scott Lamb joins me from CNBC's Nasdaq studio in New York for the answers.
RELATED NEWS

Egypt president asks for patience over power cuts...and
versions
CAIRO (AP) — In a nationally televised speech on Saturday, Egypt's President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi asked the public to be patient and grasp the extent of the challenges facing the country following a massive power outage that struck the capital and other cities.
The hours-long power outage on Thursday, which halted the Cairo subway and knocked TV stations off the air, was a huge embarrassment for the government, and officials struggled to offer a coherent explanation to an angry public.
The failure of el-Sissi's predecessor, Islamist President Mohammed Morsi, to address regular small-scale power outages contributed to the public anger that built up during his year in power and culminated in massive protests demanding his ouster. El-Sissi, who was military chief at the time, removed Morsi from office in July 2013.
Less than a year later, el-Sissi ran for office, winning by a landslide and promising to restore law and order and improve daily life after three years of turmoil following the 2011 uprising that toppled longtime autocrat Hosni Mubarak.
Authorities have meanwhile cracked down hard on Morsi's supporters since his ouster and imprisonment, detaining and sending thousands of people to trial, killing hundreds in street clashes and effectively banning most public demonstrations through a draconian protest law.
In the latest case against Morsi, Egypt's top prosecutor said Saturday that the Islamist president, with help from two of his assistants, leaked classified state security documents to Qatar as popular opposition to him rose.
The prosecutor said in a statement that Morsi and 10 others will be tried before a criminal court in what it described as "the biggest treason and espionage case in the country's history."
The leaked documents included intelligence on military deployments and armaments, as well as domestic and foreign policies. The statement said Morsi's assistants leaked the documents with the help of journalists from the Qatar-based Al-Jazeera channel to a Qatari intelligence official in exchange for $1 million.
Morsi is already facing three trials, including on charges of cooperating with foreign militant groups. He faces a possible death penalty.
Egypt has accused Doha of backing Morsi and his Muslim Brotherhood group, which Cairo declared a terrorist organization late last year.
The Brotherhood denies it is behind a rising wave of violence since Morsi's ouster that has mainly targeted police and the military. Radical groups have claimed the attacks, saying they are avenging the death and jailing of protesters.
Egypt's security woes are compounded by an economy that is reeling from three years of unrest and decades of mismanagement. El-Sissi ran on a ticket focusing on economic improvement.
On Saturday, he formed a new presidential advisory body of economic and science experts to advise him on how to tackle the country's myriad of problems. The 16-member council includes at least four prominent Egyptian-US dual citizens, such as Nobel Prize winning chemist Ahmed Zewail and economist and former CEO of global investment firm PIMCO, Mohamed el-Erian.
The council's formation comes after complaints in the media that three months into office, el-Sissi has yet to formally declare who advises him on policy and planning. Mostly western educated professionals, the group includes one woman and at least five Christians, and according to el-Sissi's decree they will work without remuneration. They are mostly in their 60s and 70s.
In his half-hour speech Saturday, el-Sissi said his government is working to eradicate the threat of terrorism, but he focused his "heart-to-heart" on Thursday's power outage, which he said was the most severe blackout in the country since the 1990s.
The Thursday outage halted the capital's subway, disrupted airport operations, took TV stations off the air and left entire cities without electricity for hours. El-Sissi said it was largely due to crumbling infrastructure that needs billions of dollars and time to fix.
He estimated the country needs about $12 billion over five years to upgrade and build new power plants to meet increasing demand, adding that he is already reaching out to investors.
"Why am I telling you this?" el-Sissi said, speaking off the cuff from his office in colloquial Arabic. "We must know this is not going to happen overnight."
El-Sissi said he understood the public's frustration but begged for patience. He said he wants to engage the public so as not to be taken to task in a year's time for lack of results.
"I am talking now to remind myself and to remind each other that we said we had many problems, and we said we will treat them together," he said. "Please be patient. You must be sure that we will overcome all this but not in a month or two or three."
El-Sissi said saboteurs were partially to blame for some of the recurrent power cuts, saying they aim to "stir the public's anger." Government officials have accused Morsi supporters of aggravating the power crisis through loyalists in the electricity sector.
El-Sissi said an investigation into Thursday's mass outage is underway and the results will be made public.
"We will hide nothing from you," he said. "We are confronting many things. We are fighting an existential battle."
The power cut prompted calls for Electricity Minister Mohammed Shaker to resign, while some media reports accused him of being a member of the Brotherhood.
Shaker denied the allegations.
___
Associated Press writer Mariam Rizk contributed to this report

German train drivers go on strike for better pay... 
kg | September 6, 2014 06:41 AM EST | Associated Press
BERLIN (AP) — A strike by train drivers across Germany has brought hundreds of long-distance and commuter trains across the country to a standstill.
The GdL union for train drivers called for a three-hour national strike on Saturday morning to put pressure on German railway company Deutsche Bahn in their ongoing wage negotiations.
The union said that up to 90 percent of trains across the country were brought to a standstill.
It demands a 5 percent salary increase for the drivers and two hours less work per week.
The German news agency dpa reported that stranded travelers were cuing up at information counters at Munich's main train station and that Deutsche Bahn employees were distribution coffee for free.

Biden promotes economics for nation s middle class... 
September 6, 2014 06:08 AM EST | Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) — Vice President Joe Biden says the August jobs report, which underwhelmed many economists, is another step forward in the nation's economic recovery.
The economy generated only 142,000 jobs, the fewest in eight months.
In the weekly White House radio and Internet address, Biden says job growth continues but warns that the wages of middle-class Americans are being left behind other indicators of economic growth.
Biden says it's long past time to, quote, "cut the middle class back into the deal."
He says doing that requires a fair tax structure that values paychecks as much as unearned income and inherited wealth.
In the Republican address, the GOP candidate for Senate in Alaska, Dan Sullivan, says the federal government is an obstacle to progress in his state — and calls that a national problem, too.
___
White House address: http://www.whitehouse.gov
Republican address: https://www.youtube.com/user/gopweeklyaddress

Sania dedicates US Open title to Telangana and IndiaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Vaarad Ventures: Outcome of board meetingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rajnath takes stock of flood situation in J&KThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Deepak Fertilisers  arm incorporates JV in Australia for Mining ServicesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Greaves Cotton shifts its registered officeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Shocking: This is what students faced during PM Modi`s Teacher`s Day speechHi Guest
Shocking: This is what students faced during PM Modi`s Teacher`s Day speech
In a school in Bangalore the teacher did not allow the student to go to the washroom during Modi`s speech. In some schools students were found sleeping during his speech. While in other places there was no light and in some places instead of the Teacher`s Day ...

Joan Rivers  autopsy inconclusiveThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Kpmg says rooftop solar power could be a game-changer for india - - - ...399 Followers
Long way to go for rooftop solar systems - - - --$$$$$$
NEW DELHI: Delhi government still has a long way to go in clarifying the policy before private individuals take the decision to set up rooftop solar systems. The net metering scheme that was announced by the Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) on Tuesday is only a nascent step in this direction.
The most important issue is the financial incentive that will push residents to invest in solar rooftop systems. Other problems are resolving technical issues like uneven height of houses, specifications for orientation of the roof, how much roof space is required, how will these systems be maintained, among others.
"We are glad to know that net meters can be installed and we are open to setting up such systems. But the question is what is in it for us? First the government will have to clarify how much subsidy and what financial incentive will be given to individuals. It must also check whether it is feasible to do these on small rooftops of less than 200 sq yards," said Atul Goel, convenor of United Residents Joint Action of Delhi who had some meetings with Greenpeace, an environmental NGO studying whether Delhi can implement solar rooftop systems on a large scale.
As of now, projects in Delhi only get a 30% subsidy from the ministry of new and renewable energy (MNRE).
"It`s a welcome move that DERC has finally come up with a net metering policy. But how can people use it without a comprehensive solar policy which will specify financial incentive in detail? Only if the incentive is attractive that people would think about it. As of now, a few individuals in Delhi have set up rooftop solar panels to meet their back-up needs because diesel generators cost a lot," said Abhishek Pratap, energy campaigner at Greenpeace India.
The few who have already installed solar panel systems may, however, stand to benefit immediately from the net metering scheme. Anand Prabhu Pathanjali, who recently conducted a study on Delhi`s solar potential, said, "There are very few residences that have set up such systems. Now they can definitely benefit from the net metering scheme. This will also get more people to set up the system in their houses."
There are a few houses in South Extension and Safdarjung Enclave, apart from a few others in West Delhi that have installed solar panels of less than 5kW. The German House of Research and Innovation and WHO building also have panels with over 10 kilowatt peak (kWp) capacity that can benefit from net metering.
The Energy and Resources Institute (TERI) is planning to install a system of less than 100 kWp on their office building. "We don`t have much space so we are exploring what can be done. However, we`ll probably not generate enough to have more power than our requirements. On weekends we can supply entirely to the grid," said Amit Kumar, adjunct professor, TERI University.

Agreed nly speculation no substance..its a honeytrap.Gold Member
399 Followers
Brother, I don`t want your certificate. Hope you atleast recognise who is on your side and who is pretending to be on your side. Many in this board are against me because they all are not liking me. Hence finding fault.
In reply to : kapsss message
6.34 PM Sep 6th

And if u ask honest queries to senior platinum boarders they don`t rep...Chief of Bureau, CNBC-TV18 Mumbai
2353
Financial Markets Anchor & Research Analyst
12548
Head - Research
2546
After United Bank, now SBI declares KFA a willful defaulter. Is it too late for banks to recover their dues?
Yes

You are rightly pointed out. if market sentiments stay good 20 - 30 pe...33 Followers
Reposted about 2 days 5 hrs 12 min 20 sec ago by lincolnpcoelho
you are rightly pointed out. if market sentiments stay good 20 - 30 per cent up can be expected in 1 - 2 months and can double in less than 6 months.

Continuing transgressions on tribals since the British eraUpdated: September 2, 2014 03:26 IST
Continuing transgressions on tribals since the British era
V. B. Ganesan
Tweet
Special Arrangement SAVAGE ATTACK — Tribal Insurgency in India: Edited by Crispin Bates, Alpa Shah; Social Science Press, 69, Jor Bagh, New Delhi-110003. Rs. 725.
Special Arrangement SAVAGE ATTACK — Tribal Insurgency in India: Edited by Crispin Bates, Alpa Shah; Social Science Press, 69, Jor Bagh, New Delhi-110003. Rs. 725.
TOPICS
non-fiction
The term ‘adivasi’ denotes the prime dwellers of an area since time immemorial. Despite ‘progress’ elsewhere, they were happy in their own abode, if not disturbed by the ‘civilised’ in the name of extending territories into ‘their’ forests.
The late 18th and early 19th century were a decisive period for the British rule in the Indian sub-continent. When the British were keen to expand their control, the conflicts over India’s forests were one of the most important forms of protest ascribed to tribals all over the sub-continent. With the introduction of the Forest Act 1878, subsequently amended in 1927, shifting cultivation, foraging, grazing and hunting were all banned, thereby eliminating the livelihoods of those living in and on the margins of the forests.
However, the adivasis were not passive to this development. Their armed rebellions and the active retaliation of the Andamanese in particular were branded as ‘savage attacks’ by the British even when the tribals were actually defending their long-standing rights over the forests. When the forests were finally brought under their control and the tribals were subdued, the British became paternalistic.
In such a background, Savage Attack Tribal Insurgency in India, edited by Crispin Bates and Alpa Shah, presents a kaleidoscopic view on the tribal issue . The 10 articles in this volume, written by various scholars, cover the British invasion into the Andamans, North East to the role of adivasis in the Maoist movement in Jharkhand.
Savage or savaged?
In order to establish supremacy over the indigenous population, the British had started terming them as savages while themselves using methods of extreme savagery. To justify their actions, the colonialists cited many practices of the tribals.
The ‘Meriah’ rite of sacrifice amongst the Konds of Odisha was one such. It was often held up as the foremost example of savagery and depravity of the tribals in central India. It was not only a rite, but a powerful myth, used here as elsewhere to justify the colonization of areas of the globe defined as ‘savage’. In a sense, this rite was more than spilling blood to propitiate their deities and ensure good harvest, but instrumentally served both social and political functions.
Such was the case with the Andamanese too. The British colonial power and, in its footsteps, the state power post-Independence tried to control their lives. Extreme violence was used to impose ‘civilisation’ on the population and the idea of the savagery of Andamanese became clearly essentialised in order to legitimise the violence of such colonial policies.
The other spectrum of this sad episode is the constant fight of Jarawa people since colonial times till date against the attack on ‘their’ forests and their mobility within the forest. In a sense, the ‘savagery’ of the Andamanese is very much a reflection, even an imitation, of the violence to which they were subjected.
Another outspoken article in this volume on the condition of adivasi workers in the Rourkela Steel Plant (RSP) in Odisha explores ethnicity and inequality. It also exposes an ‘aristocracy of labour’ and the discrimination throughout of the adivasis who are relegated to work in the most dangerous areas of the plant. Their living conditions and the bleak future which their next generation faces implies the urgent need for serious introspection to find a solution. Indeed it is ironical that while there is always clarion call for assimilation of tribals into modern society, the ‘civilised’ are equally keen to keep them as ‘primitive’ as possible. A serious question lurks before the ‘modern’ society.
During the Communist movement for land and wage reforms in the 1960s in Kerala, the upper caste paternalist concern for Dalits and adivasis could still be considered revolutionary. With the rise of the Adivasi Gothra Maha Sabha (AGMS), they had shown the party that it had to take them seriously. Their loyalty became strictly conditional.
Since 1980s, Central and Eastern India — also home to a large portion of India’s tribal population — became the perfect guerrilla terrain for the Naxalites. The Maoist movement spread in these tribal belts not just because it addresses their historical marginalisation but also because of the intimacy the movement has managed to build with local people, overriding differences of caste or tribe.
It may be pertinent to mention here that despite bringing the forests under their control, through the Govt. of India Act 1935, the British kept the tribal areas under their direct administration through Governors and kept ‘their’ forest almost intact until they left India.
Under the new economic policies, however, the UPA Government took away 1.14,484 hectares of forest land under Schedule V in the name of development to ultimately hand it over to MNCs and big business houses which affected the natural rights of the tribals’ and also invited severe ecological disasters such as the landslides from Uttarakhand to Malin. Nevertheless, now all eyes are on the Western Ghats.
Except a glaring omission about the uprising of Santhals and the revolt of adivasis of western India, more particularly of Warli tribes of Maharashtra under the leadership of ‘Ma Tai’ Godavari Parulekar and her husband Shamrao Parulekar, in all, this volume, in a unified voice, brings forth the urgency of the problems of some of the poorest and most seriously disadvantaged communities in the sub-continent that need to be properly addressed and urges a lasting solution.
Savage Attack — Tribal Insurgency in India: Edited by Crispin Bates, Alpa Shah; Social Science Press, 69, Jor Bagh, New Delhi-110003. Rs. 725.

Buy into mid side infra stocks with a medium term view: Shrikant ChouhanApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Tobacco Giant Reynolds Wants To Be A Major Nicotine Gum CompanyTobacco Giant Reynolds Wants To Be A Major Nicotine Gum Company
 | By                                                                By MICHAEL FELBERBAUM
Updated:
09/04/2014 10:59 am EDT
Smokers without medical insurance receive free nicotine patches and gum at the Remote Area Medical (RAM) clinic inside the Los Angeles Sports Arena in Los Angeles on Tuesday, April 27, 2010. The free health clinic opened its doors Tuesday to thousands of patients clamoring for dental, vision and medical care. (AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — Cigarette maker Reynolds American Inc. is taking its Zonnic brand nicotine gum nationwide, challenging the pharmaceutical industry's hold and pricing power of the market for products to help people stop smoking.
The nation's second-largest tobacco company announced the expansion plans Thursday following test markets in Iowa and Nebraska over the last two years following its 2009 purchase of Swedish company Niconovum AB, which makes nicotine gum, pouches and spray products. The move by the maker of Camel and Pall Mall cigarettes and Grizzly smokeless tobacco comes as tax increases, health concerns, smoking bans and social stigma cut into demand for cigarettes and more smokers try to quit.
Smoking is the leading cause of preventable illness and death in the U.S. and is responsible for the majority of the nation's lung cancer deaths. It's also a factor in heart attacks and a variety of illnesses. More than 42 million U.S. adults smoke cigarettes and about half try to quit every year, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
The company is offering Zonnic in a smaller package and lower price than what's typically available in the nicotine replacement market and more in line with the cost of a pack of cigarettes — lowering the buy-in price for smokers who want to take a shot at quitting.
Zonnic is being sold in packages of 10 pieces in mint, fruit and cinnamon flavors in two different nicotine strengths for about $3.70 per pack, compared with the national average price for premium cigarettes of $5.80 for a pack of 20. Other nicotine gums that are sold in packs of a minimum of 20 pieces for about $10 and are offered in packages of up to 300 pieces.
"We want to invite people who have made the decision they want to quit to find the best solution for them to achieve that goal," Tommy Payne, president of Niconovum USA Inc., said in an interview with The Associated Press. "We're quite serious about it and hopefully we'll be successful with it."
While Payne notes there will be critics, "the only thing that we ask is that we're judged by our actions ... even if you don't like past behaviors" from some of Reynolds American's operating companies, he said.
According to market researcher Euromonitor International, the U.S. nicotine-replacement therapy market accounts for nearly 40 percent of the $2.4 billion in global annual retail sales, which grew nearly 3 percent over the last year. By comparison, retail cigarette sales worldwide grew 3 percent to $721.6 billion in 2013 but volumes fell more than 1 percent to about 5.71 trillion cigarettes.
While the U.S. is the world's third-largest consumer of cigarettes, retail volume sales have dropped 22 percent since 2007, indicating a strong movement to quit smoking, Euromonitor analyst Mark Strobel wrote in a report earlier this year. The growing health and wellness trend, as well as educational campaigns, tax hikes, and restrictions on smoking, have all helped to drive sales of nicotine replacement products.
It is also the most mature and competitive market, led by store brands and GlaxoSmithKline, the seller of nicotine-replacement therapy products under the Nicorette and NicoDerm CQ brands, Strobel said.
Reynolds' foray into the nicotine replacement market is bolstered by moves by the Food and Drug Administration last year to improve quit rates using the products designed to help people stop smoking by supplying controlled amounts of nicotine to ease the withdrawal symptoms. In recent years, a number of stakeholders in public health have noted that smokers that are trying to quit would relapse if they stopped using the nicotine-replacement products after a suggested time period, and they'd abandon their attempt to quit if they had a cigarette while using them, the agency said.
___
Michael Felberbaum can be reached at http://www.twitter.com/MLFelberbaum .
More:

Metals &amp; Mining Newsletter - September 01 to 05  2014Metals & Mining Newsletter - September 01 to 05, 2014
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 05, 2014 14:44 IST
Coal India Ltd said its worker unions would go on a three-day "work to rule" strike from 18th September to 20 September demanding the return of coal blocks allocated by the government to private firms
 
Coal India unions to go on work to rule strike
Coal India Ltd said its worker unions would go on a three-day "work to rule" strike from 18th September to 20 September demanding the return of coal blocks allocated by the government to private firms. The strike also aims to withdraw or stop plans to move for further disinvestment in CIL. Stop proposed restructuring of CIL without discussions with five operating CTUs. A "work to rule" strike means that a limited number of miners will attend work with minimum disruption to daily activities. Coal India said in a statement that five unions representing more than 350,000 workers of the world's largest coal producer will resort to "work to rule" from Sept. 18. They want the government to allocate to Coal India the 218 coal blocks awarded mostly to private firms over the past two decades and ruled illegal by the Supreme Court last month.
 
SC to next hear coal block allocation case on Sept 9
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi proposed to the Supreme Court on Monday that about 40 of the 218 coal mines it declared illegal should not be taken back from the companies that operate them as they were either producing or were close to producing, says reports. The Attorney General also suggested that cancelling all coal blocks awarded would be inappropriate. At present there are over 46 blocks in operation and not to cancel these blocks.
 
The Rohatgi also told a Supreme Court hearing that the government was open to re-auctioning the coal blocks if their allocations are revoked. The AG said not to refer the matter to a Committee as it delays decision and to decide coal mine fate soon so as to start the auction... Read more
 
Govt asks PSUs to give JV details of mines
The government has asked 12 public sector undertakings to immediately provide all details of any joint ventures formed by them related to 20 coal blocks allocated for captive use for submission to the Supreme Court, which is examining the issue, according to a media report. The details have been sought from government allocatees of coal blocks allotted between 1995 and 2007 which are operational or are expected to commence output in FY'15, the report added. The government has sought affidavit from allotees of 61 coal and lignite mines like JSPL and Hindalco about the status of mines, the report further said.
 
Coal India achieves 98% of targeted coal production in August
Coal India has announced the provisional production and offtake performance for the month of August 2014. The Company and its subsidiaries have achieved 98% of the targeted coal production in August 2014 at 34.54 million tonnes. For the period April-August 2014, the coal production achieved stood at 96% of the targeted coal production at 175.88 million tonnes.
 
The Company and its subsidiaries have achieved 99% of the targeted offtake at 37.30 million tonnes in August 2014. For the period April-August 2014, it has achieved 93% of the targeted offtake at 194.89 million tonnes.
 
Prakash Steelage topline grows 25% in June quarter
Prakash Steelage, the stainless steel tubes & pipes manufacturers, posted growth in topline of 25% at Rs 209.32 crore for the quarter ended 30 June 2014 as against Rs. 167.92 crore for the corresponding quarter ended 30 June 2013. The PBT grew at Rs. 9.68 crore for the quarter ended 30 June 2014 as compared to Rs. 7.81 crore in the corresponding quarter ended 30 June 2013 and PAT at Rs. 6.31 crore as against Rs. 5.12 crore.
 
Coal shortage to affect power supply in 5 states
The northern part of India is facing more than 5,000 MW of power shortage owing to coal stocks drying up, according to the reports of the latest official data. Among the states that would suffer acute shortage of coal and tariff disputes include Gujarat, Haryana, Maharashtra, Punjab and Rajasthan. Adani Power provides power to four sates, while Tata Power provides power to the remaining one state. Reports suggest that one of these power plants, the Adani Power has absolutely stopped its supply to Haryana, citing lack of payment of dues.
 
Kirloskar Brothers clarifies a media report
With reference to the news item appearing in a leading financial daily dated September 04, 2014 titled "Kirloskar Bros Sign Deal with Peru's Water Authority", Kirloskar Brothers Ltd has submitted to BSE clarification / confirmation on the news item as under:
 
"The Company had sponsored a Mine water conference at Peru, where the Company made a presentation on its 'Low Life Cycle' technology. Considering the presentation, the authority namely, National Water Authority of Peru (ANA) showed its interest for sharing of information and experience in good water management systems of the Company and enhancing the capabilities of ANA staff on water management and also to enter into specific agreement at a future date on the above areas,... Read more
 
ExxonMobil showcases its Lubricant Portfolio at MMMM-2014
ExxonMobil Lubricants Private Limited, a subsidiary of Exxon Mobil Corporation, showcased its outstanding mining equipment lubrication products and lubrication solutions. ExxonMobil comprehensively elaborated on its safety, environmental care and productivity concept of sustainable development and practical experiences, attracting wide attention from participating companies and representatives at the 10th edition of Minerals, Metals, Metallurgy & Materials international exhibition and conference (MMMM) held in New Delhi from 4 7th September, 2014.
 
The mining industry is one of the most fundamental components of the industrial landscape and also one of the most challenging from a lubrication standpoint. With industry-leading technology and engineering resources, Mobil Industrial Lubricants offers innovative products... Read more
 
Adani Group heralds Australian Government's decision to repeal MRRT
The repeal of Minerals Resource Rent Tax (MRRT) by the Australian government has brought cheers to  the home grown Adani group which has significant business interests in the country. The Minerals Resource Rent Tax (MRRT) is a tax on profits generated from the exploitation of non-renewable resources in Australia. As per the rules, the companies had to pay the tax when their annual profits reach $75 million. However, the purpose of the tax of raising funds for pensions and tax cuts for infra projects were never fully achieved. Therefore, the current government of Australia was considering the repeal of the tax... Read more

Agriculture Newsletter - September 01 to 05  2014Fatal error: Uncaught exception 'Zend_Controller_Action_Exception' with message 'Page Not Found' in /vol/www_public/iiflweb/application/helpers/SiteConfig.php:81 Stack trace: #0 /vol/www_public/iiflweb/application/helpers/SiteConfig.php(20): Site_Helper_SiteConfig->loadViews() #1 /vol/www_public/iiflweb/library/Zend/Controller/Action/HelperBroker.php(277): Site_Helper_SiteConfig->postDispatch() #2 /vol/www_public/iiflweb/library/Zend/Controller/Action.php(527): Zend_Controller_Action_HelperBroker->notifyPostDispatch() #3 /vol/www_public/iiflweb/library/Zend/Controller/Dispatcher/Standard.php(308): Zend_Controller_Action->dispatch('errorAction') #4 /vol/www_public/iiflweb/library/Zend/Controller/Front.php(954): Zend_Controller_Dispatcher_Standard->dispatch(Object(Zend_Controller_Request_Http), Object(Zend_Controller_Response_Http)) #5 /vol/www_public/iiflweb/library/Zend/Application/Bootstrap/Bootstrap.php(97): Zend_Controller_Front->dispatch() #6 /vol/www_public/iiflweb/library/Zend/Application.php(366): Zend_Application_ in /vol/www_public/iiflweb/library/Zend/Controller/Plugin/Broker.php on line 336

Jabong  4 others merge to form Global Fashion GroupNew Delhi, September 5, 2014
Updated: September 5, 2014 17:28 IST
Jabong, 4 others merge to form Global Fashion Group
PTI
retail
Investment AB Kinnevik and Rocket Internet AG, investors in Jabong, will merge the Indian online fashion retailer with four other firms to create a new global fashion e-commerce group.
The new entity — to be called Global Fashion Group (GFG) — will combine five fashion e-commerce businesses, namely Dafiti (Latin America), Jabong (India), Lamoda (Russia & CIS), Namshi (Middle East) and Zalora (South East Asia & Australia).
The deal is expected to close later in the year.
GFG will focus on growth markets, covering 23 countries with a EUR 330 billion fashion market and population of over 2.5 billion people.
“GFG will market a wide assortment of leading International apparel and accessories brands, a tailored selection of highly engaging internally developed brands and local assortments developed for specific ethnic markets notably in India, Indonesia and the Middle East,” a statement said.
The combination will deliver economies of scale in sourcing international brands and marketing with global media channels, strengthen private label efforts, enhance ability to attract and retain top talent and accelerate development of technology platforms, it added.
In India, fashion is one of the largest and fiercely contested categories in the e—commerce space. According to reports, the category is expected to see 400 per cent growth from USD 559 million to USD 2.81 billion by 2016.
The five e—commerce companies have attracted funding in excess of EUR 1 billion from Kinnevik, Access Industries, Summit Partners among others.
After the merger, all direct and indirect shareholders in the five existing e—commerce companies will contribute their shares into a newly formed Luxembourg—based entity.
The three largest shareholders in GFG will be Kinnevik, Rocket and Access Industries, with 25.1 per cent, 23.5 per cent and 7.4 per cent ownership interests, respectively.
The Board of Directors will include Lorenzo Grabau, CEO of Kinnevik as Chairman, Oliver Samwer, CEO of Rocket as Deputy Chairman and representatives of the other largest shareholders.
“By operating as a single entity, Dafiti, Jabong, Lamoda, Namshi and Zalora will be even more effective in expanding their leadership positions in their respective marketplaces,” Mr. Grabau said.

Forex reserves increase to USD 318.64 billionForex reserves up by USD 60.5 million to USD 318.64 billion
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 20:08 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The country's foreign exchange reserves surged by US $60.5 million to US $318.64 billion for the week ended August 29, as foreign currency assets rose, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said on Friday.
Last week, the reserves had fallen by US $810.7 million to US $318.579 billion, the RBI statement said.
Gold reserves remained unchanged at US $21.173 billion in the reporting week.
Foreign currency assets (FCAs), a major constituent of overall reserves, increased by US $75 million to US $291.393 billion in the period, the statement released by the central bank said .
FCAs, expressed in dollar terms, include the effect of appreciation or depreciation of the non-US currencies such as the euro, pound and yen held in reserves.
The special drawing rights were down US $10.5 million to US $4.386 billion, and India's reserve position with the IMF also dropped by US $4 million to US $1.687 billion during the week, RBI data showed.

RIL arm GenNext  Microsoft team up to develop start-upsRIL arm GenNext, Microsoft team up to develop start-ups
Our Bureau
Bonding RA Mashelkar (left), Chairman of GenNext Ventures, with Bhaskar Pramanik, Chairman, Microsoft India, at a press conference in Mumbai. PAUL NORONHA
First hub will start operations in Mumbai
Mumbai, September 5:  
GenNext Ventures, a venture capital fund sponsored by Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL), has signed an agreement with Microsoft India to incubate start-ups and set up innovation hubs in the country. The first hub will start operations in Mumbai, with the first batch expected to start on October 6.
“The idea is to create a platform for innovation. We are looking at creating the next generation of innovators and create global leaders from Indian start-ups,” said Raghunath A Mashelkar, Chairman of GenNext Ventures and a member of the RIL board.
The number of start-ups coming up in the country is a meagre 1,000 per year compared with about 60,000 in the US and 6,000 in China. “The industry is at a nascent stage. Here lies the opportunity,” said Mashelkar, former Director-General of the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research.
After setting up the first hub in Mumbai, the companies will expand to seven or eight centres, Microsoft India Chairman Bhaskar Pramanik said, adding that the partnership is to create the next generation of start-ups.
Microsoft India will partner with GenNext Ventures through its investment arm, Microsoft Ventures.
“We will coach and mentor them. Help them to find funds, new business models and markets,” Pramanik added.
Microsoft Ventures will help GenNext identify, shortlist, on-board promising start-ups and power the accelerator programme.
It will also provide these start-ups access to software and technology advice. At the end of the accelerator programme, GenNext will invest strategically and selectively in some of these IT start-ups.
GenNext Ventures, however, did not reveal details about the corpus it has earmarked for investments or the amount it will invest in a venture.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

US Job Growth Brakes to 8-Month LowModi-Abe 'Bhai Bhai', but Japan Inc Wants Some Things Fixed
Washington: US employers hired the fewest number of workers in eight months in August and more Americans gave up the hunt for jobs, providing a cautious Federal Reserve with more reasons to wait longer before raising interest rates.
Non-farm payrolls increased 142,000 last month after expanding by 212,000 in July, the Labor Department said on Friday. The jobless rate fell one-tenth of a percentage point to 6.1 per cent, but that was partly because people dropped out of the labor force.
"Fed Chair Janet Yellen will be able to use the weakness to hold off hawks who would like to raise rates soon," said Diane Swonk, chief economist at Mesirow Financial in Chicago.
Data for June and July were revised to show 28,000 fewer jobs created than previously reported. In addition, manufacturing saw no job growth and retail payrolls declined for the first time since February.
Even though job growth slowed, the report still suggested that some of the slack in the labour market was being taken up.
US stocks were little changed at midday, while prices for US Treasury debt rose and the dollar slipped against a basket of currencies. Interest rate futures, which had been pointing to a likely rate hike in June of next year, rose to suggest less of a chance. However, they still showed dealers expect the Fed to bump up borrowing costs in July.
Wall Street had expected payrolls to increase by 225,000.
Ms Swonk and other economists questioned whether the data was presenting an accurate picture given that it was at odds with other bullish labor market indicators.
They noted that first-time applications for unemployment benefits are hovering near pre-recession levels that manufacturing and service sector surveys showed strong employment growth in August, and that household perceptions of the labour market had brightened significantly.
In addition, difficulties adjusting the data for seasonal fluctuations have tended to understate job growth in August.
"The fundamentals in the economy remain solid, this is one month, and the economy should continue to expand at a decent pace in the second half of 2014," said Gus Faucher, a senior economist at PNC Financial Services in Pittsburgh.
Number of long-term unemployed eases
Ms Yellen has expressed concern about sluggish wage growth, the still-elevated number of Americans working part-time even though they want full-time employment, and Americans still suffering from long spells of joblessness.
The US central bank, which has held benchmark interest rates near zero since December 2008, has pointed to these metrics as evidence of "significant underutilization" of labour market resources that merits a stimulative monetary policy.
The labour force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, fell to 62.8 per cent in August from 62.9 per cent in July. Before the United States fell into recession, it stood at 66.0 per cent.
A paper published on Thursday by the Brookings Institution, a Washington-based think tank, suggested the decline was primarily due to an aging population and other structural factors, and it concluded the labor force will continue to shrink.
Other metrics on Ms Yellen's so-called dashboard, however, showed improvement.
A broad measure of joblessness that includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those working part-time because they cannot find full-time employment fell to 12.0 per cent - the lowest level since October 2009.
The gap between that figure and the official unemployment rate narrowed, a further sign of tightening labour market conditions. At the same time, the number of long-term unemployed Americans was the lowest since January 2009.
Average hourly earnings rose 6 cents in August, which marked acceleration from July. Still, the year-on-year change held at 2.1 per cent, which suggests little buildup of wage-related inflation pressure.
The US central bank next meets on September 16-17 to debate the course of monetary policy.
Jobs in the private sector increased 134,000 after rising 213,000 in July. Government employment increased 8,000 as state governments hired teachers at the start of the new school year.
But manufacturing payrolls were the weakest in a year. The sector had added a hefty 28,000 jobs in July, which reflected a decision by automakers to keep assembly lines running in the summer. Auto payrolls fell 4,600, the first decline since March.
Construction employment advanced 20,000, rising for an eighth straight month. The length of the average workweek held steady at 34.5 hours for a sixth month in a row.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 23:03 (IST)

Obama pledges to take fight to IsisLast updated: September 5, 2014 1:56 pm
Obama leads coalition in fight against Isis
By Sam Jones in Newport
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2f4e5522-34e6-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Motorola unveils new Moto G and Moto XNew Delhi, September 5, 2014
Updated: September 7, 2014 15:59 IST
Motorola unveils new Moto G and Moto X
Staff Reporter
AP The new Moto X (left) and Moto G.
TOPICS
PDAs and smartphones
While Moto G, priced at Rs.12,999, will be on sale only on Flipkart starting at mid-night on Friday, Moto X will be available later this month.
Motorola, on Friday, unveiled the second generation of its popular smartphones — Moto G and Moto X. While Moto G, priced at Rs.12,999, will be on sale only on Flipkart starting at midnight on Friday, Moto X will be available later this month.
Along with Moto X, the company will also launch Moto 360 smart watch. The pricing of both devices will be announced later. Moto X is available at $499 (nearly Rs.30,000) in the U.S. and Moto 360 is priced at $249 (about Rs.15,000)
“Partnering Flipkart, we had launched Moto G a few months ago, followed by Moto X and Moto E, all of which have received tremendous response in India. Now, we are bringing in a new generation with better features and at an attractive price,” Motorola Mobility India General Manager Amit Boni told reporters here.
The U.S.-based firm, which has sold 1.6 million units of Moto E, G and X since February on Flipkart, said it had over 5 per cent share of the Indian smartphone market.
The new Moto G has a 5-inch screen, 1.2 Ghz quad core processor, Android KitKat OS, 1GB R A M, 8MP rear and 2MP front camera, expandable memory up to 32GB and 2,070 mAh battery.
The Moto X will feature 5.2-inch screen, 2.5 GHz quad core processor, 2 GB RAM, 16GB memory, 13MP (rear) and 2MP (front) camera and 2300 mAh battery.

Indian Firm to Begin Australia s Largest Coal Development: Australian PMJack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
New Delhi: Keen on expanding business, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abott on Friday said an Indian conglomerate was all set to embark on Australia's largest ever coal development to illuminate lives of 100 million Indians.
"If all goes to plan, next year, an Indian company will begin Australia's largest ever coal development which will light the lives of 100 million Indians for the next half century," Mr Abott said while addressing Indian industry leaders during a luncheon meeting organised by industry chambers including CII and Ficci.
He, however, did not mention the name. It may be noted that the Australian government in July had cleared the proposed $15-billion Carmichael coal mine project of the Indian conglomerate Adani Mining in the Galilee Basin in central Queensland.
The approval to the project that is expected to provide electricity for up to 100 million people in India was announced by Australian Environment Minister Greg Hunt, who had approved the Carmichael Coal Mine and Rail Infrastructure project subject to 36 strict conditions.
Mr Abott, who is on a two-day official visit here, said, "Top-quality Australian coal, for instance, will be available to power Indian households and businesses at the lowest price to consumers."
He said "Australia is open for business", adding, "Over the past half century, Australian coal, iron ore and gas has powered the economic transformations of Japan, Korea and China."
Mr Abott exuded confidence that the trade relations will be strengthened between both the countries and enunciated the measures by Australia to boost investments like scrapping of carbon and mining taxes.
Adani Group chairman Gautam Adani was also present on the occasion.
The move by Australian Parliament in July to repeal the carbon tax in the country is likely to help coal exporting companies in delivering cost effective and high quality fuel to Indian markets, according to Adani Mining, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Adani Group.
The repealing of the carbon tax in Australia will lower costs for Indian firms such as Adani and GVK exporting from the country, Adani Mining had said.
Last month, Adani Mining had won state approval to build a 300-km rail line for its Carmichael project that will enable transportation of 100 million tonnes of coal a year after construction.
It is estimated the rail line will take about two years to build and will pump in up to $790 million into the Mackay region and over $900 million into the state economy during its construction phase.
Adani Enterprises recently also inked a pact to buy out Linc Energy's royalty rights from the Carmichael coal project for 155 million Australian dollars.
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 23:15 (IST)

Center right nationBy Greg Sargent September 5 Follow @theplumlinegs
GOP Rep. Tom Cotton has told an Arkansas radio host that he will — “as a citizen” — vote for the minimum wage hike that will be on the ballot this fall. This comes after Mark Pryor and Arkansas Dems had been moving to make it an issue, in part to turn out more core Dem voters in what is looking like a really close election.
It’s worth stepping back and observing the larger pattern of GOP behavior on multiple issues here:
* National Tea Party hero Tom Cotton supports a state minimum wage hike and, despite his gung-ho Obamacare repeal stance, has repeatedly refused to say he’d roll back the state’s version of the Medicaid expansion, which is responsible for the sharpest drop in uninsured of any state in the country .
* Multiple other GOP Senate candidates — Joni Ernst in Iowa, Scott Brown in New Hampshire, and Terri Lynn Land in Michigan — have refused to clarify whether they’d roll back the Medicaid expansion moving forward their states. At this week’s debate, Thom Tillis declined to reiterate opposition to the expansion in North Carolina.
Their position, in a nutshell, is: Obummercare is evil and it must be destroyed immediately, but I really don’t want you to think I would ever kick people off the Medicaid expansion!
* Karl Rove’s Crossroads GPS has run multiple ads hitting Democrats from the left as a major threat to social insurance programs for the elderly — angering right-leaning observers who say it’s at odds with fiscally-conscious small government conservatism.
* Tillis in North Carolina and Cory Gardner in Colorado have come out for over-the-counter contraception. Indeed, by Reid Wilson’s count , four GOP Senate candidates have done this. Tillis and Gardner are key here, because they have been getting hit hard by Democrats over their previous support for Personhood measures. In moderating his position, Gardner even pronounced himself “a new kind of Republican.”
* In the Michigan Senate race, climate change has, counter-intuitively, emerged as a major issue, partly because Dem candidate Gary Peters has pushed it, calling on GOP candidate Terri Land to take a stand on whether she believes humans are a leading cause of global warming. In response, Land’s campaign has fudged her position, suggesting that she disagrees with Peters on the “extent” of human responsibility for it, while seeming to edge in Peters’ direction by stating that “there is no denying that the climate is changing and we must take measures to protect the environment.”
I don’t want to overstate the importance of all of this. The Republican candidates are still hewing to many conservative positions. And Democrats, too, have moved to the center, downplaying talk about Obamacare’s success in covering poor people and hardening their stance against any Obama executive actions on immigration. But still, these GOP candidate shifts seem noteworthy given that Dems are the ones facing the stiff political headwind. Indeed, in one sense, these GOP candidates seem to be undertaking their own piecemeal versions of the GOP makeover that many Republican operatives had hoped to see before the House GOP lurch to the right scuttled those plans.
The question is whether the swing voters these candidates seem to be trying to reassure will buy these maneuvers. If they do, Republicans could very well win the Senate. But of course, in reality, candidates like Tillis and Gardner are already on record in support of Personhood measures. On some of these issues a GOP-controlled Senate would push in exactly the opposite direction. In that private enclave with top donors, Mitch McConnell candidly stated that in a GOP-controlled Senate the minimum wage hike would not get any debate. Republicans would probably interpret a GOP Senate takeover as a referendum on Obamacare, likely leading to budgetary tactics designed to chip away at the health law , more repeal votes (including on the Medicaid expansion), and perhaps even a stiffening of the spine of GOP governors still holding out against the expansion in their states.
Greg Sargent writes The Plum Line blog, a reported opinion blog with a liberal slant -- what you might call “opinionated reporting” from the left.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409940611/1409940611000/1409940611 tracking: {authors=Greg Sargent, blog_name=plum-line, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=center-right-nation, post_id=29193, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 6:10:11 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 6:10:11 PM

Flipkart launches cheaper Moto GBS Reporter |  New Delhi Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 11:57 PM IST
Flipkart launches cheaper Moto G
New advanced MotoG , new MotoX and a new Moto360 smartwatch will be sold exclusively through the website
After selling 1.6 million units of Motorola phones in seven months, online retailer Flipkart has launched three Motorola products exclusively: The Moto G, Moto X and Moto 360 (smart watch).
Flipkart’s tie-up with smartphone makers like China’s Xiaomi and Motorola has proved a success. It crossed $1-billion gross merchandise sales volume in February.
The Moto G will be priced Rs 1,000 less than the earlier version at Rs 12,999. The phone will be up for sale from Friday (September 5) midnight. The other two will be launched later this month.
“This time we have taken lessons from our experience and are ready with the technology to process thousands of transactions in a minute. We have adequate volumes to cater to the first tranche of demand,” said Michael Adnani, vice-president, retail and head, strategic brand alliances.
US-based Motorola has seen a revival in the country since the launch of Moto G in February. In less than a year of re-entering the Indian market, it has become the fourth-largest smartphone seller, according to a Canalys’s report. The company has been selling its lead products only through  Flipkart. “Motorola is aggressively looking to expand its teams in Delhi and cities after the success of Moto G and Moto X,” a source said.
Competitors Snapdeal and Amazon have trailed in attracting international brands for exclusive tie-ups.
 Advertisements

Maruti to begin work on Gujarat plant this yearSohini Das |  Ahmedabad Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 11:56 PM IST
Maruti to begin work on Gujarat plant this year
The company has already started work on the site even as it waits for shareholder approval regarding the Suzuki subsidiary building the plant
Maruti Suzuki India Ltd (MSIL) Chairman R C Bhargava said the company will start work on its Gujarat project before the end of this year.
“Some work is on. We are waiting for minority-shareholder approvals.” He was in Gandhinagar on Friday with parent company Suzuki Motor Corporation (SMC) Chairman Osamu Suzuki, who met new Chief Minister (CM) Anandiben Patel.
Bhargava described Suzuki’s visit as “courtesy.” He said the SMC chief briefed the CM about his recent meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Japan.
Earlier this year, Bhargava had met Anandiben Patel and state finance minister Saurabh Patel to discuss issues on value-added tax (VAT) in relation to the coming plant in the Mandal region.
Bhargava said efforts for finalising a fresh formula for VAT concessions were on. “The Gujarat government is very proactive and has repeated its commitment to the project. There are no issues on VAT.”
The state government had asked MSIL to come up with VAT concessions between MSIL and Suzuki Motor Gujarat Pvt Ltd (SMGPL), a wholly-owned subsidiary of SMC to make cars for MSIL at the Gujarat facility.
In June 2012, MSIL had signed a state support agreement (SSA) with the Gujarat government for the purchase of land and setting up of a facility. In January this year, MSIL’s board determined the plant will be built by SMGPL, which will exclusively make vehicles for MSIL. The company approached the state government around March to incorporate the necessary changes in the SSA.
Bhargava repeated there was no change of plan on the project, be it the completion time (2017) or the capacity planned (1.5 million vehicles a year).  
The initial capacity could be 250,000 vehicles a year. The company has two sites for setting up facilities in Gujarat,  700 acres each at Hansalpur and Vithlapur in the Mandal region.
Last year, Maruti had decided to delay the plant (from an original commission target of 2015-16), owing to dull market conditions.
 Advertisements

The discreet power broker behind footballs eliteSeptember 5, 2014 6:06 pm
Jorge Mendes, power broker behind football’s elite
By Simon Kuper and Peter Wise
The agent controls the game’s primary commodity – top talent, say Simon Kuper and Peter Wise
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6eb42db4-3427-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Learning another language Dont botherSeptember 5, 2014 12:09 pm
Learning another language? Don’t bother
By Simon Kuper
To achieve perfect fluency, you need to start very young – preferably as an infant
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3da3335c-330d-11e4-93c6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Long View: Wall Sts optimismSeptember 5, 2014 8:11 pm
Wall Street works up new rationale for optimism
By John Authers
Mood of serene confidence has remained intact in the US
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/24f206e8-33ae-11e4-ba62-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lionel Barber reviews Henry Kissingers World OrderSeptember 5, 2014 1:26 pm
Lionel Barber reviews Henry Kissinger’s ‘World Order’
By Lionel Barber
The former secretary of state to two US presidents calls for American leadership at a time of international disorder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/76fc7bb0-341e-11e4-8832-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Heavy monsoon rains kill 110 people in PakistanAn Pakistani army helicopter hovers to rescue trapped people from a flooded area on the outskirts of Islamabad, Pakistan, Friday, Sept. 5, 2014. (AP Photo)
Press Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: September 6, 2014 10:54 am | Updated: September 6, 2014 4:45 pm
At least 160 people have been killed and 148 others injured in torrential monsoon rains in Pakistan that have wreaked havoc across the country as troops raced to evacuate people from deluged areas.
Premier Nawaz Sharif on Saturday chaired a meeting to review rain and flood situation in the country and the damage caused to life and property by incessant showers.
Monsoon rains continue to wreak havoc across Punjab and Pakistan-occupied Kashmir (PoK), increasing the death toll to at least 160, Express News reported on Saturday.
The downpour, termed as one of the heaviest ever, started on Wednesday and has since continued to lash certain parts of the country.
Chairman National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA), Major General Muhammad Saeed Aleem briefed the Prime Minister about the ongoing relief activities and measures being taken at the district, provincial and national levels to cope with the emergent situation.
Areas in Punjab, PoK and Gilgit-Baltistan have been affected by the rains and flooding.
Lahore and Rawalpindi divisions are experiencing serious urban flooding. There is also flooding in Chenab and Jhelum while canals, especially in Gujranwala and Rawalpindi, are also flooded, Aleem said.
Flood level in Jhelum river and Mangla reservoir is exceptionally high while the flood level at Rasul Headworks, a dam in Punjab, is at medium level.
The Prime Minister was informed that Palandri (in PoK) had received 668 mm of rain, Islamabad got 316 mm, Rawalpindi 440 mm, Lahore 350 mm while Sialkot received 316 mm of rainfall during the last 48 hours, resulting in flashfloods in PoK and northeast Punjab.
Sharif directed that evacuation of people and livestock should be carried out immediately while all national highways be opened for traffic by Saturday night.
The incessant rains have wreaked havoc, affecting the urban infrastructure in Pakistan that regularly suffers from flooding during the monsoon season.
The floods of 2010 were the worst in the country’s history, with 1,700 people killed and 21 million affected. In 2013, 178 people were killed and around 1.5 million affected by flooding.
Pakistan, like neighboring India, suffers widespread flooding during the annual monsoon season. In 2010, flash floods killed 1,700 people in Pakistan.

Sania Mirza-Bruno Soares win US Open mixed doubles titleMirza and Soares clinched victory on their sixth championship point. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Posted: September 6, 2014 12:41 am
Top-seeded Sania Mirza of India and Bruno Soares of Brazil won the U.S. Open mixed doubles title Friday, beating American Abigail Spears and Mexico’s Santiago Gonzalez 6-1, 2-6, 11-9 tiebreak.
Mirza and Soares had each been successful mixed doubles players, so Mirza said during the trophy presentation that she wasn’t sure why it took them this long to pair up.
Mirza has now won three Grand Slam mixed doubles titles. Soares was the 2012 U.S. Open champion with Ekaterina Makarova, who faces Serena Williams in the singles semifinals later Friday. Soares joked that clearly this means Mirza will reach the singles semis in Flushing Meadows in two years.
In the super tiebreak, Mirza and Soares went ahead 9-4 before Spears and Gonzalez won five straight points. They clinched victory on their sixth championship point.

Shraddha Kapoor credits Sidharth Malhotra for her toned figureShraddha Kapoor says Sidharth Malhotra Sidharth possess a great sense of humour.
Written by Namita Nivas | Mumbai | Posted: September 5, 2014 1:00 am | Updated: September 6, 2014 9:37 am
Guess who Shraddha Kapoor gives the credit for her toned and trim figure? None other than her co-star Sidharth Malhotra with whom she worked in ‘Ek Villain’.
She recalls him as a very quiet and reserved person, when she had earlier met him at a party. However, her impression of him soon changed when she worked with him in ‘Ek Villain’. It was then that she realised that not only did Sidharth possess a great sense of humour but also believed in a healthy lifestyle.
“I was having chai, gulab jamuns and jalebis and there he was following such a healthy diet. So I started emulating him and if he called for healthy khana, I would follow suit. If I eat healthy today it’s because of Sidharth. He has been a big influence on me that way,” gushed the actress.
If I eat healthy today it’s because of Sidharth. He has been a big influence on me that way.

Congress challenges BJP over government formation in DelhiUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: The Congress is keeping up the attack on the Bharatiya Janata Party over government formation in Delhi claiming that they are scared of the voters' verdict.
"BJP was the largest largest party in the December elections. They could have formed the government then. If the BJP is not scared of the people why can't they recommend to the Lieutenant Governor that there can be elections in Delhi along with other states," Congress leader Manish Tewari said.
Rubbishing Congress's claims, the BJP has defended itself saying that it is ready for fresh polls and is even confident of winning. The BJP also said that if they were invited by the L-G to form the government, the party will consider it seriously.
"We are ready to go for elections and are confident of winning. We do not have numbers but if we are given a proposal we will surely look at it and analyse it to take the final decision," Delhi BJP president Satish Upadhyay
Delhi L-G Najeeb Jung has sent a report after he sought the President's nod to begin talks with the single largest party - the BJP. Prime Minister Modi will take a final call on government formation.

Someone actually read Steven Salaitas scholarshipBy David Bernstein September 5
I received a link to this Tablet piece in an email, and even though I’ve tried not to get more involved in this controversy, I couldn’t resist clicking because I had read in several sources that “everyone” agrees that Salaita’s scholarship is first-rate, a proposition I suspected was either not remotely true, or is a rather poor reflection on whomever constitutes “everyone.”  The upshot is what one would expect, if one is paying attention. Author Liel Leibovitz concludes, “Devoid of any real understanding, context, or nuance, stupidly dogmatic, and frequently given to hyperbolic fits of hatred, it should not qualify as scholarship.”
Leibovitz doesn’t provide sufficient evidence in that short piece to justify such a blanket conclusion. But he does provide some excruciating evidence, including this:
“Hillel and other Jewish civic organizations render themselves distinctly responsible for Israel’s violence by proclaiming themselves guardians of the state’s consciousness,” he writes. “Moreover, they perform a nonconsensual appropriation of all Jewish people into the service of state policies that render the culture indefensible along with the state policies that are said to arise from the culture. It is never a good idea, even through the trope of strategic essentialism, to link an ethnic group to a military apparatus. Such a move automatically justifies discourses—in this case anti-Semitic ones—that should never be justifiable.”
But don’t worry, I’ve discovered that earlier in the same book,  he tell us that “I want to be clear that I am not blaming anti-Semitism on Jews.”  That’s a relief, because I thought if Jewish culture had rendered itself indefensible because of Jewish organizations’ ties to Israel, and that justifies anti-Semitic discourse, he might actually be blaming Jews for he anti-Semitism. So I’m glad he cleared that up in advance.
Despite the academic gobbleygook, Salaita has nevertheless persuaded me of the underlying logic of his position. As a result, because he is a Palestinian-American who has defended Hamas, I hereby, among other things, hold Salaita distinctly responsible for Hamas’s terrorist violence, violence against gays, suppression of women, execution of suspects without due process, corruption, use of human shields, and so on and so forth by proclaiming himself guardian of Hamas’s consciousness. Or  at least I would if I had any idea of what being guardian of a non-sentinent organization’s consciousness could possibly mean. Moreover, Salaita’s identification with Palestinian nationalism justifies discourses that should never be justified. Not that I’m blaming Salaita for those discourses, of course.
Enough. University of Illinois’s behavior in this matter seems rather sketchy. But as with Ward Churchill, the scandal is two-fold, and begins with the scandal of his being offered a job in the Native American Studies Department in the first place. Instead of expressing concerns about civility, which I think is at best a poor justification for not rubber-stamping a tenured lateral offer, perhaps the Illinois administration should have, as a commenter on a previous thread suggests, “called the faculty hiring committee to the mat to justify the appointment, demanding that they explain in detail precisely why Salaita was not barely qualified but the best qualified candidate for the position, address concerns about possible classroom bias in the light of his extracurricular rants, and potentially require an extended probationary period before granting him tenure. [UPDATE: A few commenters have asked, "by running down Salaita, aren't you inviting similar treatment for 'your side.'" On the contrary, as I noted in my previous post on this issue, Salaita shouldn't be discriminated against because of his political views by the University of Illinois, nor should hiring decisions be made because of pressure from outsiders, whether donors or pressure groups. If Salaita can prove that's why he was unhired, he should win his case, even if there were other good reasons not to hire him in the first place. But some of Salaita's defenders have taken the line that Salaita is a magnificent scholar who got in trouble merely for getting a bit emotional about Gaza, which "Zionists" have turned into bogus evidence of anti-Semitism. The evidence suggests instead that Salaita is more likely a mediocre scholar hired to an area outside his main areas of expertise in part because of his political views, who is routinely intemperate, and who has written other things that more clearly seem to fall within a reasonable definition of anti-Jewish statements. So if Salaita is to win, let it also set a precedent that "right-wing" professors have equally strong academic freedom rights, even if they are mediocrities, even if they speak or write in an intemperate matter, even if a university is facing pressure from outsiders to penalize them based on real or perceived racist, sexist, or homophobic comments. Moreover, pointing out the ideological bias in many academic departments that benefits the likes of Salaita may aid the broader cause of academic freedom by discouraging such hiring practices in favor of scholarly merit.] Update: More wisdom from Salaita :
David Bernstein is the George Mason University Foundation Professor at the George Mason University School of Law in Arlington, VA.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409955915/1409955915000/1409955915 tracking: {authors=David Bernstein, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=someone-actually-read-steven-salaitas-scholarship, post_id=13088, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 10:25:15 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 10:25:15 PM

Starbucks Going Upscale  Downscale With New Retail StoresStarbucks Corp.
Starbucks Going Upscale, Downscale With New Retail Stores
Starbucks on Friday announced it will introduce two types of retail locations. An upscale roastery and tasting room for its rare Starbucks Reserve line, and smaller, alternative stores for speed and convenience.
Starbucks on Friday announced it will introduce two types of retail locations. An upscale roastery and tasting room for its rare Starbucks Reserve line, and smaller, alternative stores for speed and convenience.

Housing market still under pressure  awaits recoveryApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Dear investors . . . letter from Jack Ma© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/54a53a50-353d-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Marc Newson joins Apples design teamLast updated: September 6, 2014 1:14 am
Marc Newson joins Apple’s design team
By Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9972bf9a-354c-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bitcoins wasted power  and how it could be used to heat homesSeptember 5, 2014 3:17 pm
Bitcoin’s wasted power – and how it could be used to heat homes
By Izabella Kaminska
Could an energy intensive, electrical mining rig offer a smart solution to heating our homes?
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/384a349a-32a5-11e4-93c6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ADCOM launches budget smartphone for Rs 3 499Apple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Walmart to take over Carrefour stores in Delhi  Jaipur  AgraNivedita Mookerji |  New Delhi Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 11:58 PM IST
Walmart to take over Carrefour stores in Delhi, Jaipur, Agra
Carrefour had in July announced it was exiting the India market
American retail chain Walmart will replace three of the wholesale stores set up by French group Carrefour in India with its own, sources said.
Carrefour had in July announced it was exiting the India market. It has only a small team left in the country, to conclude the commercial and regulatory transactions. All senior officials, including the then India managing director,  Jean-Noel Bironneau, have returned to France.
With annual global revenue of €100 billion, Carrefour runs about 10,000 stores in 34 countries. KPMG has been helping the French chain sell its assets and exit India.
A source close to the development told Business Standard that Walmart had finalised a deal with the land owners concerned for long-term leases to take up  Carrefour stores in Delhi, Jaipur and Agra. However, the American chain refused to comment on “rumours or speculation”. Walmart has said it would expand its number of cash and carry or wholesale stores in India to 50 in the next four to five years, up from 20 now.
In Delhi and Jaipur, these will be Walmart’s first stores. It already has one in Agra. Beside Delhi, Jaipur and Agra, Carrefour had outlets in Bangalore and Meerut.  The readymade stores could give a time advantage of 12 to 18 months to a retailer, say experts.              
Rajneesh Kumar, vice-president of corporate affairs at Walmart, said: “Our planning team is diligently progressing on our growth strategy, as announced earlier, for opening an additional 50 cash and carry stores in the next four to five years in the country. Besides, based on the encouraging response to our B2B (business to business) e-commerce initiative (Hyderabad and Lucknow), we would soon start extending this virtual platform in our remaining stores, in a phased manner.”
Carrefour, the second-largest retail chain in the world after Walmart, had decided to exit India in a little less than four years after opening its first store in the country. In Asia, this was the only market where Carrefour had only cash and carry stores.
Carrefour entered the cash and carry segment in India in 2010, as a stepping stone for making a foray into the supermarket category.  Even when up to 51 per cent foreign direct investment (FDI) was permitted in supermarkets or multi-brand retailing, Carrefour could not identify an Indian partner. Also,  the tough sourcing norms were a hurdle.
The current government is, however, opposed to FDI in multibrands. In cash and carry, 100 per cent FDI is allowed but Carrefour kept losing money in this segment.
EXPANSION
In Delhi and Jaipur, these will be Walmart’s first stores
 
Walmart already has a store in Agra
 
A source said Walmart had finalised the deal with land owners for long-term leases to take up  Carrefour stores in Delhi, Jaipur and Agra
 Advertisements

No takers for Rs 20 000-cr NPAs as banks  ARCs spar over valuationsApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Express LOL: The tongue-in-cheek  Mary Kom  review'Mary Kom' is more of a warmup bout than a knockout punch.
Express LOL | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 1:50 pm
‘Mary Kom’ is more of a warmup bout than a knockout punch. However, Priyanka Chopra does save it from becoming a history book come to life. At the end of the movie, we just had one thought – why isn’t the cricket money in India spent on other sports?
Our Express LOL reporter went to the premiere, and met his fair share of celebrities. First up was Hulk, who was definitely not in his Bruce Banner personality.
Next, our interviewer met another Indian sport god, Sachin Tendulkar.
It was only fitting that the next guest was Amitabh Bachchan, keeping in mind how great the KBC Kohima launch film was.
In keeping with the legendary nature of the night’s guests, the last movie reviewer was Rajinikanth.
On a scale of Singham Returns (biopic of an exploding car) to Invictus (legendary biopic of a legend) Mary Kom falls somewhere in the middle. An educative watch.

Priyanka Chopra-starrer  Mary Kom  box office collections at Rs 8.5 cr on Day 1Apple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Kamal Haasan trains in Tirunelveli accent for PapanasamThe shooting of 'Papanasam' is currently happening in Tirunelveli.
Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai | Posted: September 6, 2014 4:21 pm
Actor-filmmaker Kamal Haasan, who is known to experimenting with different things in his films, will be seen speaking in the Tirunelveli accent in upcoming Tamil thriller ‘Papanasam’.
He’s undergoing training for the accent for the movie, which is the remake of Malayalam blockbuster ‘Drishyam’.
“Kamal will be speaking in the Tirunelveli accent in some portions of the film. He hasn’t used the slang before in his films. Therefore, he’s training in it to get a hang of it from writer Suga,” writer Jeyamohan, who has penned the film’s dialogues, told IANS.
The shooting of ‘Papanasam’ is currently happening in Tirunelveli.
Directed by Jeetu Joseph, who helmed the original, the film features actress Gauthami in a comeback role almost after two decades.
Kamal will be speaking in the Tirunelveli accent in some portions of the film. He hasn't used the slang before in his films. Therefore, he's training in it to get a hang of it from writer Suga

Declare J&K floods a national calamity:CongressPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 4:16 pm
With the flood situation turning grim in Jammu and Kashmir and the death toll mounting to 100, Congress on Saturday demanded that it be declared a national calamity.
Leader of Opposition in the Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad spoke to Prime Minister Narendra Modi on phone and demanded immediate steps so that the stranded people are shifted to safer places more efficiently and effectively.
He demanded that the floods be declared a national calamity.
The Prime Minister assured all possible help to the state in this hour of crisis after Azad, a former J&K chief minister, spoke to him from Srinagar and sought his personal attention in view of the “very grave and grim situation” prevailing in the entire state.
Azad requested the Prime Minister to immediately place funds at the disposal of the state government so that the rescue, relief and rehabilitation operations are carried out in an effective and co-ordinated manner.
While appreciating the role of the armed forces in supporting the state governments in disaster situations like this, Azad sought immediate pressing of Air Force along with the Army on the analogy of Uttarakhand disaster so that the stranded people are shifted to safer places more efficiently and effectively.
The Congress leader said “extensive and largescale damage of unprecedented proportions” has occurred to public infrastructure like roads, bridges, drinking water systems, power distribution systems and private properties like houses, shops, vehicles and livestock due to the floods.
He said the devastation has engulfed the entire state from Kathua to Leh, including Samba, Jammu, Doda, Reasi, Rajouri, Poonch, Anantnag, Shopian, Pulwama, Kulgam, Srinagar, and Baramulla.
It is beyond the capacity and resources of the state government to meet the challenges of the situation and so the flood should be declared a national calamity, he said.
National Conference and Congress are in power in the state for the last six years, where Assembly polls are due soon. The two parties will be contesting the polls separately this time.
Azad had visited the flood hit areas in Jammu and Srinagar on Friday.
The situation in the state continued to worsen today with the death toll mounting to 100 with rescuers struggled to evacuate thousands of people to safety as major rivers and streams were in spate due to incessant rains.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh held a meeting with Chief Minister Omar Abdullah to take stock of the situation soon after arriving in Srinagar this morning. He, however, could not undertake an aerial survey due to inclement weather.

Poonam Pandey signs second film  says wont disappointfansPoonam Pandey: there is much more than just skin in this film. It is a very sensitive subject.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 6, 2014 4:12 pm
After burning her fingers with her movie debut ‘Nasha’, controversy’s favourite child Poonam Pandey has finally signed a second film. She is excited.
The film, the name of which is not yet released, is to be produced by The World Networks, who are venturing into film production for the first time.
“I can’t tell you how many scripts I’ve rejected after ‘Nasha’. It will sound like bragging, but when these producers The World Networks came to me with this offer, I instinctively knew it was the right project as my second film,” Poonam said.
She believes ‘Nasha’, which released in 2013, “suffered” due to “poor marketing”. Poonam is “confident” about her second film.
In Pics: Poonam Pandey prays to Lord Ganesha
“I am confident these producers will take my film wherever it is destined to go,” she added.
Asked if there will be a lot of skin show, Poonam, who is known for wearing revealing clothes, said: “My fans won’t be disappointed.
“But there is much more than just skin in this film. It is a very sensitive subject. That’s all I can reveal right now.”
The model-actress first grabbed the spotlight when she promised to strip down if India won the World Cup in 2011.
I can't tell you how many scripts I've rejected after 'Nasha'.

Forex reserves up by USD 60.5 million to USD 318.64 billionSep 06, 2014, 03.54 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Forex reserves up by USD 60.5 million to USD 318.64 billion
Foreign currency assets (FCAs), a major constituent of overall reserves, increased by USD 75 million to USD 291.393 billion in the period.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Forex reserves up by USD 60.5 million to USD 318.64 billion
Foreign currency assets (FCAs), a major constituent of overall reserves, increased by USD 75 million to USD 291.393 billion in the period.
Post your opinion here
 
The country's foreign exchange reserves surged by USD 60.5 million to USD 318.64 billion for the week ended August 29, as foreign currency assets rose, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said today. Last week, the reserves had fallen by USD 810.7 million to USD 318.579 billion, the RBI statement said.
Foreign currency assets (FCAs), a major constituent of overall reserves, increased by USD 75 million to USD 291.393 billion in the period, the statement said. FCAs, expressed in dollar terms, include the effect of appreciation or depreciation of the non-US currencies such as the euro, pound and yen held in reserves.
Gold reserves remained unchanged at USD 21.173 billion in the reporting week.
The special drawing rights were down USD 10.5 million to USD 4.386 billion, and India's reserve position with the IMF also dropped by USD 4 million to USD 1.687 billion during the week, RBI data showed.

Declare J&K floods a national calamity  says CongressUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: With the flood situation turning grim in Jammu and Kashmir and the death toll mounting to 100, Congress on Saturday demanded that it be declared a national calamity. Leader of Opposition in the Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad spoke to Prime Minister Narendra Modi on phone and demanded immediate steps so that the stranded people are shifted to safer places more efficiently and effectively.
He demanded that the floods be declared a national calamity. The Prime Minister assured all possible help to the state in this hour of crisis after Azad, a former J&K chief minister, spoke to him from Srinagar and sought his personal attention in view of the "very grave and grim situation" prevailing in the entire state.
Azad requested the Prime Minister to immediately place funds at the disposal of the state government so that the rescue, relief and rehabilitation operations are carried out in an effective and co-ordinated manner.
Ghulam Nabi Azad spoke to PM Modi on phone and demanded immediate steps so that the stranded people are shifted to safer places more efficiently and effectively.
While appreciating the role of the armed forces in supporting the state governments in disaster situations like this, Azad sought immediate pressing of Air Force along with the Army on the analogy of Uttarakhand disaster so that the stranded people are shifted to safer places more efficiently and effectively.
The Congress leader said "extensive and largescale damage of unprecedented proportions" has occurred to public infrastructure like roads, bridges, drinking water systems, power distribution systems and private properties like houses, shops, vehicles and livestock due to the floods.
He said the devastation has engulfed the entire state from Kathua to Leh, including Samba, Jammu, Doda, Reasi, Rajouri, Poonch, Anantnag, Shopian, Pulwama, Kulgam, Srinagar, and Baramulla. It is beyond the capacity and resources of the state government to meet the challenges of the situation and so the flood should be declared a national calamity, he said.
National Conference and Congress are in power in the state for the last six years, where Assembly polls are due soon. The two parties will be contesting the polls separately this time. Azad had visited the flood hit areas in Jammu and Srinagar on Friday.
The situation in the state continued to worsen today with the death toll mounting to 100 with rescuers struggled to evacuate thousands of people to safety as major rivers and streams were in spate due to incessant rains. Home Minister Rajnath Singh held a meeting with Chief Minister Omar Abdullah to take stock of the situation soon after arriving in Srinagar this morning. He, however, could not undertake an aerial survey due to inclement weather.

Delhi: Kejriwal vows to stop BJP from forming government  wants President to step inUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Accusing BJP of trying to form government in Delhi through "horse trading", Arvind Kejriwal on Saturday said Aam Aadmi Party will seek the President's intervention to ensure that the saffron party does not get an invitation "under any circumstances" from the Lt Governor.
"How will BJP form government? Naturally, BJP wants to form government through horse-trading, by buying MLAs which is totally wrong. They want to buy MLAs using money power, at Rs 20 crore each," he alleged.
Kejriwal also questioned the basis over which L-G will reportedly invite BJP to form government in Delhi and termed it as a "deliberate" invitation to form government "dishonestly". "The LG is saying that BJP will be invited to form government. On what basis are they going to prove (majority). This is a deliberate invitation to form government dishonestly. So we are meeting the President today and will request him to intervene in the matter. BJP should not get an invitation to form government under any circumstances," he said.
Kejriwal  questioned the basis over which L-G will invite BJP to form government and termed it as a "deliberate" invitation to form government "dishonestly".
BJP is likely to be invited to form a government in Delhi with Jung sending a report to the President seeking permission to call the single largest party to take a shot at power though it is well short of majority in the assembly.
In his report, Jung gave a detailed analysis of the political situation in the city and underlined the need to have an elected government for Delhi which is under President's rule since February 17 following resignation of AAP government. AAP and Congress have come down hard on Jung for his move to invite BJP to form government and accused him of promoting "horse-trading".
Kejriwal also said that AAP MLAs have been asked to conduct sting operations if anybody from BJP approaches them for "horse-trading", tapes of which would be released ahead of the trust vote in the assembly. "We have told our MLAs that if BJP approaches you for horse-trading, don't refuse them, talk to them and record the conversation. If they ask you to resign, comply with them. When the LG invites BJP to form government and when the confidence motion is about to begin, we will release all the recordings an hour before it," he said.
Renewing the demand for fresh elections, another senior AAP leader Manish Sisodia said that if the BJP comes to power through "horse-trading", it will be very "dangerous" for Delhi as the party will only think of "making more money". "The stand of our party is already clear.
Re-elections must happen in Delhi because if BJP forms government through horse-trading then it will not bother about inflation, corruption, sanitation, hospitals, bribery etc. "It will only think about making more money. Such a government will be very dangerous for Delhi. So elections must happen and a majority government should be formed," he said.

Jet Airlines denies discrepancies after DGCA takes action against 140 pilotsUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: While denying reports of any notice from the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), Jet Airways on Saturday said that they are confident that their training meets all DGCA and International Standards.
The clarification comes after the DGCA on Saturday took action against 140 Jet Airways pilots and issued show cause notice to 131 of them for flying without clearing the bi-annual pilot proficiency check (PPC), which is a mandatory exam.
"We are confident that our training meets all DGCA and International Standards and that we will be able to resolve any discrepancies or address any observations," the airline said.
The DGCA has asked the airlines why the licences of these pilots should not be cancelled. The DGCA has also asked the airline to remove its Chief of Training citing lack of supervision of flight crew.
The DGCA carried out a training audit after a Mumbai to Brussels Jet Airways flight dropped 5,000 feet in the Ankara airspace over Turkey as the pilot fell asleep and the co-pilot was busy on her iPad.
Jet Airways has been given two weeks time to respond to the notice.

Delhi deadlock: Manish Tewari demands fresh pollsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Gold price falls for 7th day; silver recoversThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Japan s Shinzo Abe steals a march on China with South Asia tourJapan's Shinzo Abe steals a march on China with South Asia tour
Reuters
Reuters Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe
Dhaka/Colombo, Sept 6:  
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe flew to Bangladesh on Saturday for a two-stop tour of South Asia as the globe-trotting leader asserts Tokyo's interest in a region where it has ceded influence to China.
Abe becomes the first Japanese prime minister to visit Bangladesh in 14 years and on Sunday will be the first to travel to Sri Lanka in nearly a quarter of a century.
Asian great-power diplomacy has stirred to life since the rise to power of Indian nationalist Narendra Modi, who announced his intent to play an active role on the world stage by inviting regional leaders to his inauguration in May.
Abe comes to India's backyard after hosting Modi for summit talks that yielded a Japanese pledge to invest $34 billion in India and launched a "special, strategic global partnership" to deepen security cooperation.
The Japanese premier pre-empts Chinese President Xi Jinping, who will travel to India and Sri Lanka later this month.
"Prime Minister Modi is weaving a complex tapestry of relations with Asia," said Dayan Jayatilake, a political scientist, author and former Sri Lankan diplomat.
From economic parity in 1980, China's growth has outstripped India's fourfold and Beijing has sought to recycle some of its vast export surpluses into foreign investments in resources and infrastructure in South Asia to feed its industrial machine.
That rising economic presence in the Indian Ocean region has stoked concerns in New Delhi that China is creating a 'string of pearls' that surrounds India and poses a threat to its security.
In addition to reaching out to Abe, Modi this week welcomed Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott for the first solo visit by a foreign leader since his election, signing a deal for the supply of uranium for nuclear power generation in India.
Although Modi seeks pragmatic economic engagement with China, in Tokyo he criticised countries with an "expansionist" mindset, a coded jibe against Beijing's assertive behaviour in Southeast Asia.
Modi "has a new equation with China, which is reciprocated by the Chinese leadership based on economic pragmatism," said Jayatilake, "but he is also seeking closer ties with Japan and Australia in the Asia-Pacific region.
"So we can discern multi-tiered Asian architecture in the new foreign policy of Prime Minister Modi."
Seeking Attention
For Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, the increased attention of the region's largest economies creates the opportunity to attract much-needed inward investment and promote exports.
Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina visited Tokyo in May and Abe's return visit should bring progress on Japan's commitment to invest ¥600 billion ($5.7 billion) over the next four to five years.
"The Japan visit can...help Bangladesh leverage its geographic position between China and Japan," venture capitalist Ifty Islam wrote in Bangladesh' Daily Star newspaper this week.
For Japan, which has to import most of its energy, the Indian Ocean is a critical sea passage for supplies of oil and liquefied natural gas from the Middle East.
Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa will welcome the attention of Japan as a donor and investor and as a counterweight to China, which financed a $500 million port terminal in Colombo that was opened last year.
"They (the Japanese) are aware that we are beholden to China's influence in many ways, so they would like to counter that," said Nanda Godaga, a retired Sri Lankan diplomat who follows Japanese foreign policy.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)

US job growth slows to eight-month low  labour force shrinksUS job growth slows to eight-month low, labour force shrinks
Reuters
REUTERS Data for June and July were revised to show 28,000 fewer jobs were created than previously reported.
Washington, Sept 5:  
US employers hired the fewest number of workers in eight months in August and more Americans gave up the hunt for jobs, providing a cautious Federal Reserve with more reasons to wait longer before raising interest rates.
Non-farm payrolls increased by 1,42,000 last month after expanding by 2,12,000 in July, the Labour Department said on Friday. The jobless rate fell one-tenth of a percentage point to 6.1 per cent, but that was partly because people dropped out of the labour force.
"Fed Chair Janet Yellen will be able to use the weakness to hold off hawks who would like to raise rates soon," said Diane Swonk, chief economist at Mesirow Financial in Chicago.
Data for June and July were revised to show 28,000 fewer jobs were created than previously reported. In addition, manufacturing saw no job growth and retail payrolls declined for the first time since February, although a workforce disruption at a grocery store chain in New England weighed on the count.
Even though job growth slowed, the report still suggested that some of the slack in the labour market was being taken up.
US stocks ended higher, notching a fifth straight week of gains. Prices for US Treasury debt rose marginally, while the dollar was little changed against a basket of currencies even though economists had expected payrolls to rise by 225,000.
Interest rate futures, which had pointed to a likely rate hike in June of next year, rose to suggest less of a chance. Nevertheless, a Reuters poll of top bond firms found nine of 17 looked for an increase in borrowing costs in the second quarter; a poll a month ago showed only six of 19 expected such a move.
Swonk and other economists questioned whether the data was presenting an accurate picture given that it was at odds with other bullish labour market indicators.
They noted that first-time applications for unemployment benefits were hovering near pre-recession levels, that manufacturing and service sector surveys showed strong jobs growth in August, and that household perceptions of the labour market had brightened significantly.
In addition, difficulties adjusting the data for seasonal fluctuations have tended to understate job growth in August, and the end of a mass employee walkout at the grocery chain Market Basket could lead to a bounce in retail employment this month.
“The fundamentals in the economy remain solid, this is one month, and the economy should continue to expand at a decent pace in the second half of 2014,” said Gus Faucher, a senior economist at PNC Financial Services in Pittsburgh.
NUMBER OF LONG-TERM UNEMPLOYED EASES
Yellen has expressed concern about sluggish wage growth, the still-elevated number of Americans working part-time even though they want full-time employment, and Americans still suffering from long spells of joblessness.
The US central bank, which has held benchmark interest rates near zero since December 2008, has pointed to these metrics as evidence of "significant underutilisation" of labour market resources that merits a stimulative monetary policy.
The labour force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, fell to 62.8 per cent in August from 62.9 per cent in July. Before the US fell into recession, it stood at 66 per cent.
A paper published on Thursday by the Brookings Institution, a Washington-based think tank, suggested the decline was primarily due to an aging population and other structural factors, and concluded the labour force would continue to shrink.
Other metrics on Yellen's so-called dashboard, however, showed improvement.
A broad measure of joblessness that includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those working part-time because they cannot find full-time employment fell to 12 per cent, the lowest level since October 2009.
The gap between that figure and the official unemployment rate narrowed, a further sign of tightening labour market conditions. At the same time, the number of long-term unemployed Americans was the lowest since January 2009.
Average hourly earnings rose 6 cents in August, which marked an acceleration from July. Still, the year-on-year change held at 2.1 per cent, which suggests little build-up of wage-related inflation pressure.
The Fed next meets on September 16-17 to debate the course of monetary policy.
Jobs in the private sector increased 1,34,000 after rising by 2,13,000 in July. Government employment increased 8,000 as State Governments hired teachers at the start of the new school year.
But manufacturing payrolls were the weakest in a year. The sector had added a hefty 28,000 jobs in July, which reflected a decision by automakers to keep assembly lines running in the summer. Auto payrolls fell 4,600, the first decline since March.
Construction employment advanced 20,000, the eighth straight monthly gain.
The 8,400 jobs lost among retailers reflected a drop of more than 17,000 in food and beverage store payrolls.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Report: Kolkata property prices inch up in April-June quarterProperty prices in Kolkata have seen a one per cent increase between the first quarter of 2014 (Jan to March) and the April to June period of the year.
Kolkata, Sept 6:  
Property prices in Kolkata have seen a one per cent increase between the first quarter of 2014 (Jan to March) and the April to June period of the year, a report by 99acres.com , states.
According to Vineet Singh, the real estate market in Kolkata is facing a slowdown with fewer project launches happening in the vicinity of the city.
“Kolkata is also witnessing development in the periphery, especially in areas such as EM Bypass extension. Construction of a flyover will boost connectivity and will further accelerate growth prospects in the city,” he was quoted as saying in a release from the company.
Several localities, including Jessore Road and Rajarhat in the northern parts of the city, and Ganguly Bagan, Jadavpur, Garia, Garia Station and Thakurpukur in the south, have seen an increase in property prices.
Rents
According to the report rents have, however, moved up by approximately three per cent during April to May 2014 as compared to the same period last year.
Areas which have seen an annual increase in rent include the southern localities of Jadavpur, Ballygunj Circular Road, Ballygunge, Prince Anwar Shah Road and Tollygunge.
The presence of many IT companies here have led to increased demand for rental homes. The influx of professionals will ensure that rents go northwards, the report said.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)

Kerala refers murder case of RSS worker to CBIKerala refers murder case of RSS worker to CBI
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 6:  
The Kerala Government has decided to refer to the CBI the case relating to Monday’s murder of a senior RSS functionary at Kathiroor in Kannur district.
Announcing this here, Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala said the Government had accepted a recommendation from the Director-General of Police to this effect.
CRIME BRANCH PROBE
An inquiry instituted by the State Crime Branch into the case would go on until the CBI formally takes charge of the case, the Minister said.
Earlier yesterday, the Crime Branch decided to invoke provisions of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, 1967 in the case.
Additional Director-General of Police (Crime Branch) S Ananthakrishnan said in Thalassery that the suspected killers had been charged under relevant sections of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.
Under Section 15 of this Act, any act with intent to strike terror in people through use of bombs or explosive substances or lethal weapons to cause death of or injuries to persons, constitutes a terrorist act.
TERRORIST ACT
The circumstances leading to the incident and the manner in which the attack was perpetrated had gone to answer these very specifications, the Minister said.
Terrorist acts under this definition are among the offences scheduled in the National Investigation Agency Act, 2008, too.
Under Section 6 of this Act, the police station concerned should submit a report to the State Government to be forwarded to the Centre.
The Centre can decide within 15 days of receipt of the report whether or not the offence under investigation is a scheduled one and a fit case to be probed by the NIA.
HIT-AND-MISS POLITICS
Meanwhile, the Home Minister said this was not the first time that the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act was being invoked in a murder case in the State.
He asserted that the State Government would not allow Kannur and Kozhikode districts to slip back into their bloody past marked by murderous hit-and-miss politics.
Meanwhile, the State unit of the BJP has welcomed the decision of the State Government to refer the Kathiroor murder case to a Central agency.
E Manoj, a Saririk Sikshan Pramukh of the RSS of Kathiroor, was hacked to death on Monday after killers hurled crude bombs at his car. His colleague, who sustained grievous injuries, is still in hospital.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)

Mary Kom packs a punch at the box office'Mary Kom' packs a punch at the box office
Meenakshi Verma Ambwani
Special Arrangement Priyanka Chopra in Mary Kom
New Delhi, Sept 6:  
Priyanka Chopra starrer Mary Kom, which hit the theatres on Friday, has had a good start at the box office.
According Viacom18 Motion Pictures, the movie grossed over Rs 8 crore at the domestic box office on the first day.
The sports drama biopic, inspired by the life of the five-time boxing champion and Olympic bronze medallist M C Mary Kom, was released across 1,800 screens in the country. Directed by Omung Kumar, the movie has been co-produced by Viacom18 Motion Pictures and Sanjay Leela Bhansali.
Ajit Andhare, COO, Viacom18 Motion Pictures, said, “Mary Kom has delivered a strong opening day and set a new first day benchmark for heroine-centric films. The word of mouth is positive and Priyanka’s standout performance has touched a chord with audiences across sections. The film is set for a strong weekend.”
Nearly 20 brands, including Havmor, Monte Carlo, Mother Dairy, Usha International and Iodex, among others, have tied up with the movie for branding deals.
Earlier, Eros International had entered into an international distribution agreement with Viacom18 Motion Pictures for four movies, including Mary Kom. The movie was released across 250 screens in international territories on Friday.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)

Somalia put on high alert after Al-Shebab leader confirmed deadSomalia put on high alert after Al-Shebab leader confirmed dead
PTI
Tweet
Mogadishu, Sept 6:  
Somalia’s government warned today that the country’s Al-Qaeda-linked Shebab rebels were planning a wave of retaliatory attacks after it was confirmed their leader was killed earlier this week in a US air strike.
“Security agencies have obtained information indicating that Al-Shebab is now planning to carry out desperate attacks against medical facilities, education centres and other government facilities,” National Security Minister Kalif Ahmed Ereg told reporters.
“The security forces are ready to counter their attacks and we call on people to help the security forces in standing against violent acts,” he said, adding nevertheless that “we congratulate the Somali people” on the death of Ahmed Abdi Godane.
The Pentagon confirmed yesterday that Godane, the leader of Al-Qaeda’s main affiliate in Africa, perished in an attack on Monday in which US drones and manned aircraft rained Hellfire missiles and laser-guided bombs on a gathering of Shebab commanders.
Godane has been fighting to overthrow the war-torn country’s internationally-backed government, carrying out a wave of bombings and assassinations.
Godane 37, who reportedly trained in Afghanistan with the Taliban, had overseen the group’s transformation from local insurgency to major regional guerrilla threat, carrying out attacks in countries that contribute to the African Union force fighting in Somalia.
He claimed responsibility for the July 2010 bombings in the Ugandan capital Kampala that killed 74 people, and was also believed to have masterminded the September 2013 massacre in the Kenyan capital’s Westgate mall, a four-day siege in which at least 67 people were killed.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)

Sandy stretches make for risky ridesUpdated: September 6, 2014 16:50 IST
Sandy stretches make for risky rides
D.Madhavan
Tweet
THE HINDU The poor condition of VV Koil Street. Photo : K. Pichumani
THE HINDU All the road in Thiruvaleeswarar Nagar is in bad shape for the past several months . Photo : K. Pichumani
THE HINDU The Thirugnanasambandar Street at Thiruvaleeswarar Nagar is in bad shape for the past several months . Photo : K. Pichumani
TOPICS
construction and property
Certain street lanes in Tirumangalam have never been laid since the neighbourhood was developed into a residential area
The streets and lanes in Tirumangalam are in poor condition for years as they are sandy. Thiruvallieshwar Street, Thiruneersamdhar Street and the lanes in Thamarai housing complex have not been laid since the neighbourhood developed from a farming area into a residential locality in 1970s.
With the regular downpour in recent days, these lanes have turned into a cesspool. Those who take these routes have to wade through knee-deep stagnant water. When the road turns slushy and slippery, motorists and pedestrians often injure themselves.
“During night, one have to risk themselves in travelling in one of these stretches as poor lit street lanes make it difficult to spot pot holes on these stretches,” said S.Rajagopal, a resident in Tirumangalam.
With the on-going flyover work at Tirumangalam and Metro Rail work in other parts of Anna Nagar, most of the busy stretches in the neighbourhood are chaotic. As a result, street lanes like Thiruvalleshwar Street and Thiruneersamdhar Street are widely used by motorists especially from western and north west of the city including Ambattur, Padi, Nolambur, Mogappair, Mannurpet, Kolathur, Korattur, Pattaravakkam and Red Hills use these stretches to skip traffic chaotic Roads like 13th and 18th Main Roads in Anna Nagar. Many small street lanes in Thirumangalam connect Tirumangalam with Koyembedu at the water tank point in Tirumangalam. “Street lanes like Thiruvalleshwar and Thiruneersamdhar are shorter routes to reach Poonamallee High (PH) Road via Koyembedu and Tirumangalam rather than taking the existing long route via 18th Main Road and Anna roundtana,” said K.Meenakshi, a motorist from Padi.
As these stretches in the neighbourhood are frequently used, the street lanes in Tirumangalam got damaged over the years. Poor maintenance by the civic body have worsen the condition of the stretches. “Steps would be taken to re-lay these stretches with bitumen soon. Necessary funds would also be allocated for the work,” said a Corporation official.

Will Jan Dhan Yojana be a gamechanger Experts discussThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Select panel to submit report on the Insurance Bill by the third week of NovemberThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Red carpet fashion trend: Plunging necklinesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

J&K flood situation worsens  Rajnath Singh meets Omar AbdullahThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Pantone unveils Spring 2015 Fashion Color ReportThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Movie review: Mary Kom is more about the sportspersonThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Alibaba valued at $162.2B  IPO to scoop $21.1BThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Mcx close good news for buyrssChief of Bureau, CNBC-TV18 Mumbai
2353
Financial Markets Anchor & Research Analyst
12548
Head - Research
2546
After United Bank, now SBI declares KFA a willful defaulter. Is it too late for banks to recover their dues?
Yes

Brooks lab is much much betterCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Sure it is priced in if the price does not go below 20. else it is not...Platinum Member
332 Followers
Sure it is priced in if the price does not go below 20. Else it is not priced in and some one has fooled us by saying that it is priced in.
Any way, another way to know this is to check the reaction on the day results are declared. The concept of pricing in is used as a convenient way of explaining thing. But how often do we not get a shock ? Wind only knows.

GODREJ LOUD - CAMPUS ROUNDThe Indian market has been moving higher on positive domestic developments; other emerging markets have done well because of strong global inflows, but given the global cues one could see a tactical correction in emerging markets, Jyotivardhan Jaipur...
Source : CNBC-TV18
Share this video with Friends
Most Watched Videos

Pak army chief convince generals to step inApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Gold extends weakness on sluggish demandApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

SpiceJet  AirAsia await govt nod on discounts for light travellersBS Reporters |  Mumbai/ New Delhi Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 11:59 PM IST
SpiceJet, AirAsia await govt nod on discounts for light travellers
Some airline sources, however, fear it will reduce overall yields
Low-cost carrier SpiceJet is ready to offer discounts to passengers who travel without check-in baggage as soon as the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) clears a proposal.
SpiceJet Chief Operating Officer Sanjiv Kapoor said the move will encourage passengers to travel light and help reduce fuel burn.
The proposal of the DGCA has also found a taker in AirAsia, which had in fact asked for permission to do so when it had started operations. Mittu Chandilya, chief executive officer (CEO) of AirAsia India, said, "We are excited about this and have always advocated the unbundling of fares and being transparent with all charges against each service and product. We have been sharing how this actually works to give passengers more choices and flexibility and so are happy to see this proposal"
The civil aviation regulator is considering allowing airlines to offer discounts to passengers without check-in baggages as this would benefit both parties.
"SpiceJet would be keen to implement as soon as possible once this is permitted as this is commonly practiced by low-cost airlines all over the world and encourages customers to travel light in an an era of extremely high fuel costs,'' said SpiceJet's Kapoor. He said that the idea was to charge passengers for services which are availed by them.  British Airways offers hand baggage-only fare on its short-haul routes and this seems to be popular, Kapoor added.
Sources from other private airlines, however, feel that such discounts may actually further reduce fares for corporate customers who typically travel without baggage and not benefit leisure travellers. According to industry estimates, as much as 40 per cent to 45 per cent of passengers travel with no check-in baggage and this could be a large financial burden on airlines. Until, of course, they neutralise the impact by charging more from passengers with check-in baggage or reduce the 15-kg baggage allowance.
Airlines have been clamouring for the unbundling of fares so that these can increase their yields. The government has given some leeway like allowing these to charge extra on priority seating and seat of choice, among others. Ancillary revenues currently constitute only two per cent to five per cent of overall revenues.
LIGHTENING UP
The civil aviation regulator is considering allowing airlines to offer discounts to passengers without check-in baggage as this would be a win-win to both parties
 
Sources from other private airlines, however, feel that such discounts may actually further reduce rates for corporate customers who typically travel without baggage and not benefit leisure travellers
 Advertisements

Dont involve ministry in conflicts: govt to telcosComments
The government has asked telecom operators not to involve the communications ministry in their conflicts, till  they have exhausted all options for a resolution. 
Speaking at an internal meeting of the Confederation of Indian Industry, telecom secretary Rakesh Garg on Wednesday also dismissed operators’ arguments on “right of way” for tower installation, lack of spectrum and lower spectrum fees.
Right of way refers to the right to pass over property owned by another party and is essential to set up infrastructure such as towers, cables etc.
“Such a situation only existed in cities and operators should go to villages where spectrum was in plenty, and so were potential subscribers,” Garg said responding to operators’ concerns over the lack of spectrum. 
“It is comforting that secretary understood the issues, though there was no affirmative response to the problems raised by us,” a senior executive of a leading telecom company told HT.
However, not everyone was happy though. Instead of responding to problems, the telecom secretary has thrown up new challenges, some executives said.
When contacted a CII spokesperson said, “It was an internal meeting of CII and we do not discuss this, outside.”
Telcos also complained about the lack of support and delay in securing “right of way” to set up telecom towers, which ultimately hit their finances.
Garg, however, suggested that operators should approach the respective state government and find solutions, similar to Uttar Pradesh, where “right of way” has been made free.
He also said that India is likely to encounter a tremendous shortage of spectrum in near future. Operators, whose licences will expire in 2014-15, will have to slug it out in the auctions to be held in 2014-15.

Infosys  BP sign 5-yr deal; TechMa ties up with BombardierComments
In a sign of an improving deal pipeline after Vishal Sikka took over as CEO, IT services major Infosys said on Thursday that it has signed a five-year contract with BP, one of its longstanding clients.
Infosys will provide IT services, in particular application support and development to BP, said a release from the company.
However, the company has not revealed financial details of the deal though sources indicate it is valued at $500 million (Rs 3,020 crore). The agreement, which is effective from September 1, 2014, will provide IT services across BP’s operations, including corporate functions, upstream and downstream segments, energy trading and marketing. The agreement’s geographical scope includes BP’s main facilities in Houston, Texas, and in the UK, as well as support in locations as diverse as Azerbaijan, Angola, Brazil and Singapore.
According to information technology market research firm IDC, Infosys is one of the top-rated IT services player in the oil and gas sector. “Professional services firms have made great strides in building their oil and gas–specific capabilities in the past two years. Infosys is one of those firms,” said Jill Feblowitz, vice president, IDC Energy Insights, Oil and Gas.
Meanwhile, another major IT company, Tech Mahindra has signed a deal with Bombardier Aerospace. As part of this engagement, Tech Mahindra will provide engineering solutions to Bombardier, a release said. Tech Mahindra has been a partner for Bombardier for many years. The company said it plans to expand its workforce in Canada to 1,200 in five years with focus on local hiring.

Wipro Wins IT Services Deal From Philip MorrisYou are here: Home Corporates
Wipro Wins IT Services Contract From Philip Morris
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 05, 2014 15:38 (IST)
New Delhi: IT services major Wipro on Friday said it has secured a 5-year infrastructure management contract from Philip Morris International (PMI), which owns cigarette brands like Marlboro.
Financial details of the contract were not disclosed.
As a part of the five-year agreement, Wipro will provide a full suite of IT infrastructure management services to PMI, the company said in a statement.
The IT infrastructure services will support a host of functions at PMI including management and support of its servers, storage, backup and applications infrastructure, it added.
Wipro's ServiceNXT Operations framework will be utilized to manage PMI's technology and applications infrastructure, the Bangalore-based firm said.
PMI's products are sold in more than 180 markets. In 2013, the company held an estimated 15.7 per cent share of the total international cigarette market outside of the US or 28.3 per cent excluding the People's Republic of China and the US.
"With Wipro supporting our technology and application infrastructure we look forward to strengthening efficiencies, managing costs and being better able to serve and support our workforce around the world," PMI senior vice president and CIO Patrick Brunel said.
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 15:30 (IST)

5 of the biggest-ever credit card hacksGoogle+
Market indexes are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer Morningstar: © 2014  Morningstar, Inc.  All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer The Dow Jones IndexesSM are proprietary to and distributed by Dow Jones & Company, Inc. and have been licensed for use.  All content of the Dow Jones IndexesSM © 2014 is proprietary to Dow Jones & Company, Inc.  Chicago Mercantile Association. The market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.  FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2014. All rights reserved. Most stock quote data provided by BATS.
© 2014 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy .
.

Moto 360: Motorola emphasises design in circular smartwatchApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Anupama Chopra s review: Priyanka s performance empowers Mary KomPlay Pause
Priyanka Chopra stars as Mary Kom in the biopic on boxing champion.
Directed by Omung Kumar, Mary Kom was made with the support of the five-time World Champion boxer herself. Priyanka spent a lot of time with Mary to understand the nuances, ...
The film will have its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival.
"It’s a phenomenal journey — a lovely story that has not just inspired me as a woman, but [can influence] anyone who wants to be more than what they’re told ...
Priyanka Chopra in Mary Kom
Where Mary Kom falters is in the screenplay. Biopics by design are about the highlights of a person’s life and, here, the narrative succumbs to ticking off milestones. Omung tries to give it variety by incorporating a flashback structure, but that doesn’t add much. We go abruptly from one pivotal moment to another — it’s a dramatic story, but the first half especially is inexplicably inert. The character is fascinating and yet her story doesn’t grip you.
Thankfully, the momentum picks up in the second half, once Mary gets married and has children.
But Omung and his writer, Saiwyn Quadras, also try to highlight too many issues — women’s empowerment, the shoddy treatment of athletes by government bodies, how ignorant most Indians are about the north-east, the difficulty women have in balancing personal and professional lives and, of course, the call to patriotism that runs through the film.
In the climax, Omung opts for high-strung melodrama and we are even asked to stand as the national anthem plays. I found it annoying. The emotion that compels viewers to stand has to be earned. You can’t just tell us to do it.
Despite its flaws, though, Mary Kom is a worthy attempt. The film has sincerity and has been crafted with care. Apart from Mary herself, it gives us a terrific male role model — Onler, who encouraged Mary to return to boxing while he looked after their twin sons. Has anyone given that man a medal?

Bilateral Investment Treaty to lure US cos t...Bilateral Investment Treaty to lure US companies to India, says expert
IANS Sep 6, 2014, 12.55PM IST
Tags:
barriers
(US expert calls for sealing…)
WASHINGTON: Ahead of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the US this month, a US expert has suggested early conclusion of a Bilateral Investment Treaty (BIT) as it could be a game changer.
"A high-standards BIT has the potential to remove significant barriers to investment on both sides," according to Richard M. Rossow, Wadhwani Chair in US-India Policy Studies at Centre for Strategic and International Studies.
While BIT "is often referenced as an objective, rarely is it given its proper place as a potential game-changing agreement," he writes noting that BIT talks launched under President George W. Bush have progressed slowly.
According to Rossow, the deterioration in bilateral economic relations over the last few years has largely been driven by four main issues in India.
He identified these as "the slow pace of reform, particularly as it relates to foreign direct investment (FDI) caps; concerns about patent protection afforded to pharmaceutical products; the introduction of forced local manufacturing rules in some sectors; and an increase in cross-border taxation cases."
Concluding a high-standards BIT could have a substantial, positive impact on the investment environment-potentially "fixing" two of the four main areas of dispute-FDI caps and local manufacturing rules, Rossow suggested.
This is in addition to smaller benefits, such as reducing restrictions on the nationality of executives and a commitment to greater transparency in rule making, he wrote.
India has fewer incentives for wanting a BIT with the US, as the US generally places nominal restrictions on foreign investors, Rossow wrote.
"But there is one very big hook: investor protection as a means to attract infrastructure investment into India."
While "Modi is committed to building out India's inadequate infrastructure and needs capital and expertise," Rossow suggested "US investors are reluctant to invest in infrastructure directly."
This is so because all of about a dozen power projects built by US firms across India in the 1990s have suffered from payment security problems, he said.
"A BIT may provide a layer of much-needed protection that can lure US companies back in to support India's industrial drive," Rossow said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mary Kom tax waiver: What about local film industryComments
In Mary Kom’s home state her biopic did not get released. In Manipur, for the last 14 years, there has been a blanket ban on all Hindi films at the behest of extremist groups, who are fighting for the state’s sovereignty from India.
The geographically closest that the film Mary Kom, directed by Omung Kumar and produced by Sanjay Leela Bhansali, could get to Manipur was Assam. And here, the state government announced that the entertainment tax on the film would be waived. "As the movie revolves around boxer Mary Kom, the pride of the northeast and the country as a whole, we have decided to exempt it from entertainment tax," chief minister of Assam, Tarun Gogoi told reporters in Guwahati.
Entertainment tax is a tax levied on movie tickets and in Assam the rate is 15% for tickets costing up to Rs. 20 and 20% on tickets valued at more than Rs. 20.
  
Play Pause
Priyanka Chopra stars as Mary Kom in the biopic on boxing champion.
Directed by Omung Kumar, Mary Kom was made with the support of the five-time World Champion boxer herself. Priyanka spent a lot of time with Mary to understand the nuances, ...
The film will have its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival.
"It’s a phenomenal journey — a lovely story that has not just inspired me as a woman, but [can influence] anyone who wants to be more than what they’re told ...
Priyanka Chopra in Mary Kom
While appreciating the fact that such a step would definitely bolster the viewership of the inspiring biopic, people closely associated with the Assamese film industry believe that such supporting gestures by the government are more necessary for the financially constrained local film industry, rather than a Bollywood film casting a highly bankable star.
"The tax waiver does not mean anything for the north-eastern film fraternity," says Utpal Borpujari, a National Award-winning film critic from Assam. "It's theoretically not a bad gesture as no entertainment tax means less ticket price which will encourage people to watch a film based on a real life hero from the northeast," he says.
"But," he adds, "In real terms, a commercial venture like Mary Kom does not require such largesse, while quality local films definitely do."
Young music director, Anurag Saikia, who won the National Award this year for the Assamese non-feature film Yugadrashta, says that the main issues faced by filmmakers in the state arise due to lack of marketing, dearth of exhibition opportunities, and comparatively lesser number of theatres to screen the films.
Anurag adds, "At present there are very few movie theatres running regularly in Assam. Besides, all of these theatres do not run Assamese or regional films. It’s because the release of a big budget Bollywood films means that the numbers of shows of regional films is curtailed."
Also read: Mary Kom is made for whistles and somq quick money
Moreover, Anurag says that the government should provide financial help for the production and post-production of films made by upcoming film makers on the merit of their work.
This year, five films from the Northeast won the National Award while last year, seven films from the region had own the Award. Such award-winning films, made on shoestring budgets and limited resources, enthral juries and receive critical recognition every year.
Borpujari, however, notes that we seldom see the National Award-winning films getting any sort of relaxation in Assam, or even in the rest of the country.
He says, "If the government wants to give entertainment tax exemption, it should give to quality independent films - the ones that bring glory to the country."
But, Bhargav Saikia, an independent film producer hailing from Assam, says that "to develop and improve the stagnant Assamese film industry", the Assam government should start looking beyond National Award-winning films only.
"Maybe they could start by supporting young film makers who may not be necessarily National Award winners. We need young talent to make films, films which will have a connect with the youth and revive the film industry from its box office slumber, says Saikia, whose production company’s first release Kaafiron ki Namaaz, is doing the rounds at several international film festivals.
At the recently concluded film festival "Fragrance of the Northeast" in Delhi, union minister for information and broadcasting Prakash Javadekar stressed on the potential of the northeast in the media and entertainment sector and said that his ministry would always be supportive in providing all possible support for promoting films from the region.

First time in India: Tihar inmates to run automative manufacturing unit in jailAutomotive industry unit in Tihar to be run by inmates
PTI Sep 6, 2014, 02.31PM IST
Tags:
automotive industry
(For the first time in the…)
NEW DELHI: For the first time in the history of Indian automotive industry , a manufacturing unit has been set up inside a jail premises where work will be carried out by prison inmates.
The Director General of Delhi prisons, Alok Verma, today inaugurated the small scale automotive workshop in Jail number 2 of Tihar here, under a public-private partnership providing training and employment opportunities for the inmates.
The manufacturing unit has been set up by Minda Furukawa Electric Pvt. Ltd (MFE), a joint venture company between Spark Minda, Ashok Minda Group of India and Furukawa of Japan.
The company develops and produces the entire range of wiring harness for four wheelers, and components related to wiring harness.
"The inmates will profit in both long term and short term working here. They will be paid wages and will gain work experience which will be useful for them to rehabilitate themselves after completing their terms here," Delhi prisons DIG and PRO Mukesh Prasad said.
The inmates working here will be supervised by professionals and will earn more wages in comparison to other inmates working in the jail.
"We are hopeful of making the inmates able to earn their living once they are out of jail by gaining technical experience," Prasad said.
The venture was inaugurated in the presence of Delhi prisons DG, DIG, Chairperson of Spark Munda, Sarika Minda, President of MFE, A Maenishi and other senior officials.
Chief Marketing Officer of the Spark Minda Group said, "This initiative will certainly produce a sustainable collaborative social business model, which will benefit the convicts of Tihar Jail, their families and victims also.
"We are certainly exploring such avenues at other places also... The investments at Tihar includes machinery, raw material and other quality systems and procedures as laid down per policy and the facility will be run by jail convicts under the supervision of MFE.
"In this manufacturing unit, Wire Harness product, a key automotive component, will be manufactured by the Jail convicts," he said. Initially 30 to 35 inmates are working on this joint project which is likely to be increased in future, Prasad said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Russia dispatches naval force to reopen Arctic basePresident Vladimir Putin (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Moscow | Posted: September 6, 2014 2:56 pm
Russia on Saturday sent six ships carrying personnel and equipment to a Soviet-era military base in the Arctic that it is reopening to bolster its presence in the region, Russian news agencies reported.
Moscow is ramping up its military presence in the pristine but energy-rich region as other countries such as Canada and Norway are also staking claims to access its resources.
President Vladimir Putin last year ordered the military to return to a base on the far-Northern New Siberian Islands that was abandoned in 1993.
On Saturday, a fleet of six ships including two large landing ships set off from the port of Severomorsk in northern Russia, Vadim Serga  spokesman for the Western military district, told ITAR-TASS news agency.
The ships will be accompanied by several icebreakers.
“The main task of the latest expedition by a number of Northern Fleet ships to the Arctic is to deliver staff, equipment and supplies to the taskforce that from this year will serve on the New Siberian islands on a permanent basis,” said the northern fleet’s commander, Admiral Vladimir Korolyov.
Last year, ten ships went to the New Siberian Islands in September to deliver the first equipment and supplies to rebuild the base on an archipelago where temperatures can fall to -50 degrees Celsius (-58 Fahrenheit).

NATO allies agree to take on ISIS threatNEWPORT (Wales), September 6, 2014
Updated: September 6, 2014 11:00 IST
NATO allies agree to take on ISIS threat
AP
Reuters U.S. President Barack Obama talks at a news conference at the conclusion of the NATO Summit at the Celtic Manor Resort in Newport, Wales on Friday, September 5, 2014.
TOPICS
diplomacy
The new NATO coalition will be able to mount a sustained effort to push back the militants, Mr. Obama said.
The United States and nine key allies agreed Friday that the Islamic State group is a significant threat to NATO countries and that they will take on the militants by squeezing their financial resources and going after them with military might.
With the Islamic State militants spreading across eastern Syria and northern and western Iraq, President Barack Obama noted that the moderate Syrian rebels fighting both the group and the government of Bashar Assad are “outgunned and outmanned.” In addition to the action pledged by fellow NATO leaders, he pressed Arab allies to reject the “nihilism” projected by the group.
The new NATO coalition will be able to mount a sustained effort to push back the militants, Mr. Obama said. The U.S. secretaries of State and Defence, meeting with their counterparts at the international gathering, insisted the Western nations build a plan by the time the U.N. General Assembly meets this month.
“I did not get any resistance or pushback to the basic notion that we have a critical role to play in rolling back this savage organization that is causing so much chaos in the region and is harming so many people and poses a long-term threat to the safety and security of NATO members,” Mr. Obama said at the summit conclusion. “So there’s great conviction that we have to act, as part of the international community, to degrade and ultimately destroy ISIL, and that was extremely encouraging.”
Laying out a strategy for Iraq, Mr. Obama hinted at a broader military campaign, likening it to the way U.S. forces pushed back al-Qaida along Pakistan’s border with Afghanistan, taking out the group’s leadership, shrinking its territory and pounding at its militant followers. To do that, the U.S. used persistent airstrikes, usually by CIA drones.
So far, U.S. airstrikes in Iraq have been largely limited to helping Kurdish forces and protecting refugees. But Mr. Obama has set a goal of dismantling and destroying the Islamic State, and said Friday that the U.S. will continue to hunt down the militants just as it did with al-Qaida and with al-Shabab in Somalia.
Secretary of State John Kerry heads to the Middle East next week, and he expects to expand the coalition beyond Western nations.
“I think it is absolutely critical that we have Arab states and specifically Sunni-majority states that are rejecting the kind of extremist nihilism that we’re seeing out of ISIL, that say that is not what Islam is about and are prepared to join us actively in the fight”, Mr. Obama said
The Islamic State group espouses a radical form of Sunni Islam and initially invaded Iraq to fight its Shiite government.
“What we can accomplish is to dismantle this network, this force that has claimed to control this much territory, so that they can’t do us harm,” Mr. Obama said. He added that U.S. ground troops in Syria are not needed to accomplish the goal, but instead can work with moderate partners on the ground in the country.
“They have been, to some degree, outgunned and outmanned. And that’s why it’s important for us to work with our friends and allies to support them more effectively,” Mr. Obama said.
In a meeting with the foreign and defence ministers from the coalition countries, Mr. Kerry said leaders need a clear idea about what each country will contribute to the fight. And, while noting that many won’t be willing to engage in military strikes, he said they can instead provide intelligence, equipment, ammunition or weapons.
“We very much hope that people will be as declarative as some of our friends around the table have been in order to be clear about what they’re willing to commit, because we must be able to have a plan together by the time we come to (the United Nations General Assembly),” said Kerry. “We need to have this coalesce.”
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel, sitting alongside Kerry, said the group forms a loose coalition that will be needed to face the insurgent challenge. He said the group can then be expanded. Along with the United States, the coalition comprises the United Kingdom, France, Australia, Germany, Canada, Turkey, Italy, Poland and Denmark.
Later, French President Francois Hollande said France was discussing with allies what type of action might be taken. “France is ready to act, but once the political accord is there and in respect to international law,” Mr. Hollande said.
A senior Obama administration official said Thursday that the U.S. wanted to establish a credible ground force in Syria by training more moderate rebels before taking military action there. A $500 million request is pending in Congress.
One prong of a Western coalition approach would be for the nations’ law enforcement and intelligence agencies to work together to go after the Islamic State’s financing both in banks and more informal funding networks. But as long as the Islamic State has access to millions of dollars a month in oil revenue, it will remain well-funded, U.S. intelligence officials say.
NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said NATO has agreed to help coordinate assistance to Iraq. And he said NATO would consider putting together a mission to train and increase the capabilities of the Iraqi forces. NATO did training during the Iraq war.
NATO also agreed to increase cooperation among nations on sharing information about foreign fighters. A number of nations, including the U.S., have noted that radicalized citizens have been traveling to Syria and Iraq to fight, raising alarms that they could return to their home countries and launch attacks.
Denmark’s Foreign Minister Martin Lidegaard said the effort against the militants “is not only about a military effort, it is also about stopping the financial contributions to ISIS, to coordinate intelligence, it is about stopping foreign fighters, young people from our own societies. It is decisive that we get more countries along.”

BJP hunts for numbers in Delhi  AAP accuses it of horse-tradingBJP set to storm Delhi’s darbar, AAP protests
Kumar Uttam , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 06, 2014
First Published: 15:03 IST(6/9/2014) | Last Updated: 15:16 IST(8/9/2014)
Comments
The BJP is preparing to form the next government in Delhi as it looks set to receive an invitation from lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung. Janakpuri MLA Jagdish Mukhi is the frontrunner for the chief minister’s post. The party will, in all probability, prove its majority on the floor of the assembly via secret ballot.
Top BJP leaders indicated as much Saturday. “Everybody wants to avoid fresh elections in Delhi,” party president Amit Shah said on India TV. “The BJP is the single largest party and it has the right to form the government.”
 
A BJP leader said the party was expecting an invitation from the L-G any time and it would form the government. The parliamentary board, the BJP’s highest decision-making body, is expected to meet next week, after the L-G’s invite.
Read: Nothing immoral in BJP forming govt in Delhi: Amit Shah
The BJP has 28 MLAs in the 67-member House while ally Shiro-mani Akali Dal has one. Needing the support of five more to prove majority, it is understood to have secured the backing of two independents — Rambeer Shokeen and expelled AAP MLA Vinod Kumar Binny. But it is still three short of the magic figure. There was speculation that some Congress and AAP MLAs may abstain from the vote or quit before the floor test.
Video: Congress condemns formation of government by horse trading
“We are exploring different options. Some opposition MLAs are disillusioned with their leadership and willing to support us. We are working on the arithmetic,” another BJP leader told HT.
 
The latest indication of BJP’s intent to take power prompted Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal to knock on President Pranab Mukherjee’s door, requesting him to announce fresh elections.
He said Jung’s plan to invite the BJP to form the government would lead to horse-trading. His party colleague Manish Sisodia said BJP leaders were planning to ‘buy’ MLAs and AAP would conduct a sting operation to expose them.
A new government would end seven months of central rule in Delhi, which plunged into a state of political uncertainty after the Kejriwal government resigned on February 14 just 49 days after taking charge. It would also mark the BJP’s return to power in the Capital after 15 years of the Sheila Dikshit-led Congress regime.
Read: Expose ‘poachers’, Kejriwal tells AAP MLAs as fight for Delhi intensifies
 
The lack of a charismatic leader to head a fresh poll campaign and the under-preparedness of the organisation is understood to have influenced the BJP’s decision to give government formation a shot.
But Union home minister Rajnath Singh insisted there would be no horse-trading. “If invited, we will think about it. The BJP does not believe in horse-trading. The BJP will never favour a government with horse-trading.”
Read: BJP will not indulge in horse-trading: Rajnath
All this government formation talk has set alarm bells ringing in AAP, which was looking to consolidate its position in fresh elections. Though it didn’t win a single Lok Sabha seat in the recently held general elections — which the BJP swept — its vote share increased by over 3% compared to its tally in last year’s assembly polls.
Since then, AAP has managed to make inroads into the Congress’ minority vote bank while keeping its hold on the lower strata of society intact.

Suspected IM operative Ajaz Sheikh arrested in western UPDelhi Police arrest suspected IM operative in UP
Karn Pratap Singh , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 06, 2014
First Published: 12:20 IST(6/9/2014) | Last Updated: 19:27 IST(6/9/2014)
Comments
A suspected Indian Mujahideen (IM) operative reportedly involved in the 2010 Jama Masjid attack was arrested by the Special Cell of Delhi Police in Saharanpur, western Uttar Pradesh, on Friday night.
The arrest of Ajaz Sheikh, 27, could be another major setback to the IM, as intelligence agencies have successfully tracked down and arrested some if its key operatives in the last two years. 
Sheikh, 27, a native of Pune (Maharashtra), was wanted in connection with several terror strikes in India.
 
"We arrested him from Saharanpur on Friday night. He will be taken to Delhi for interrogation," said special commissioner (Special Cell) SN Shrivastava.
Shrivastava told HT that Sheikh had been hiding in Saharanpur for the past few days.
The arrest is expected to boost the morale of Indian security agencies that are on high alert following al Qaeda's announcement of launching a special wing in the subcontinent.
Sheikh is considered a "technical expert" and a key member of the IM. He had been absconding since long and was arrested following a tip-off.
A senior officer said Sheikh was the one who had sent emails to some media organisations after the 2010 Jama Masjid attack in Delhi, claiming responsibility.
On September 19, 2010, two tourists from Taiwan were injured when two bike-borne men opened fire at a tourist bus near Gate No. 3 of the mosque.
About two and a half hours later, a pressure cooker bomb planted in a car abandoned close to the firing spot exploded. The incident had come a few days ahead of the Commonwealth Games in the Capital.
Earlier, in another successful operation in March this year, Tehseen Akhtar, alias Monu, the India operations chief of the IM, was arrested from Indo-Nepal border by the Special Cell.
His arrest had come days after the same unit of Delhi Police had nabbed another top IM operative, Zia Ur Rehman, alias Waqas, from Ajmer in Rajasthan along with three of his associates.
One of the most wanted terrorist of the country, Ahmad Siddhibappa Zarar, alias Yasin Bhatkal, and his key associate Asadullah Akhtar, alias Haddi, were arrested from Indo-Nepal border last year.
(With PTI inputs)

Glance: The biggest IPOs inhistoryAlibaba Group is seeking to raise up to $24.3 billion in an initial public offering on the New York Stock Exchange. (Reuters)
AP | New York | Posted: September 6, 2014 4:36 pm
Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba Group is seeking to raise up to $24.3 billion in an initial public offering on the New York Stock Exchange, which would value the company at $163 billion. Those are both IPO records. Here’s a look at some of the largest global IPOs ever, based on records from data provider Dealogic.
The largest IPOs by amount raised:
1. Agricultural Bank of China Ltd. raised $22.12 billion in its June 2010 debut in Hong Kong and Shanghai. It had a market capitalization of $133.4 billion.
2. Industrial & Commercial Bank of China raised $21.93 billion in its October 2006 debut in Hong Kong and Shanghai. It had a market capitalization of $131.83 billion.
3. AIA Group Ltd. raised $20.49 billion in its October 2010 debut in Hong Kong. It had a market capitalization of $30.54 billion.
4. Visa Inc. raised $19.65 billion in its March 2008 debut in New York. It had a market capitalization of $44.32 billion.
5. NTT Mobile Communications Network Inc. raised $18.38 billion in its October 1998 debut in Tokyo. It had a market capitalization of $64.59 billion.
6. General Motors Co. raised $18.14 billion in its November 2010 debut in New York and Toronto. It had a market capitalization of $49.5 billion.
7. Enel SpA raised $17.41 billion in its October 1999 debut in Italy and New York. It had a market capitalization of $54.85 billion.
8. Facebook Inc. raised $16.01 billion in its May 2012 debut in New York. It had a market capitalization of $81.25 billion.
9. Nippon Telegraph & Telephone Corp. raised $13.61 billion in its December 1986 debut in Tokyo. Its market capitalization is unavailable.
10. Deutsche Telekom AG raised $13.03 billion in its debut in its November 1996 debut on 11 exchanges. It had a market capitalization of $51.81 billion.
Companies with the largest market value at the time of their IPO:
1. Agricultural Bank of China Ltd. raised $22.12 billion in its June 2010 debut in Hong Kong and Shanghai. It had a market capitalization of $133.4 billion.
2. Industrial & Commercial Bank of China raised $21.93 billion in its October 2006 debut in Hong Kong and Shanghai. It had a market capitalization of $131.83 billion.
3. Bank of China raised $11.19 billion in its May 2006 debut in Hong Kong. It had a market capitalization of $94.1 billion.
4. Facebook Inc. raised $16.01 billion in its May 2012 debut in New York. It had a market capitalization of $81.25 billion.
5. Electricite de France SA raised $9.03 billion in its November 2005 debut in Paris. It had a market capitalization of $72.25 billion.
6. Rosneft OAO raised $10.66 billion in its July 2006 debut in London and Moscow. It had a market capitalization of $70.8 billion.
7. China Construction Bank continued…

Amy Winehouse stank of alcohol before death:MotherPress Trust of India | London | Posted: September 6, 2014 4:31 pm
Amy Winheouse reeked of alcohol before her death, reveals her mother in a new book. Amy died of accidental alcohol poisoning at the age of 27. Janis has said she was shattered to see her daughter not being able to frame even a sentence as she was high, reported Female First.
Janis found broken bottles of white wine lying around the singer’s house in Camden, north London. Janis says her daughter was so drunk during their last meeting that she was only able to make it downstairs with the help of her bodyguard Andrew Morris.
“As Andrew turned the corner, I saw Amy was slung over his shoulder in a fireman’s lift. It was obvious he’d washed her and dressed her and tried to put her beehive on to make her look respectable,” Janis has written in ‘Loving Amy’.
She has also said alcohol was ‘coming out of every pore’ as Amy struggled to put coherent sentences together. “I couldn’t sit there and watch her like that,” Janis added.
‘Loving Amy’ is set to be published on September 11, with the proceeds going to The Amy Winehouse Foundation, which was set up by Janis and works to discourage young people from misusing drugs.
As Andrew turned the corner, I saw Amy was slung over his shoulder in a fireman's lift. It was obvious he'd washed her and dressed her and tried to put her beehive on to make her look respectable

US Open win dedicated to India  Telangana: SaniaMirzaPrint
Sania Mirza and her partner Bruno Soares celebrate their victory in the US Open mixed doubles final. (Source: Reuters)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 4:26 pm | Updated: September 6, 2014 4:58 pm
Left teary-eyed after her Indianness was put into question just weeks back, tennis star Sania Mirza dedicated her US Open title to the country and the new state of Telangana, where her appointment as brand ambassador triggered a political furore.
Last night, the first-time combination of Sania and Brazil’s Bruno Soares clicked brilliantly as they secured a close win in the final to win the mixed doubles trophy.
“I am very happy, it’s great to win it with Bruno. For the first time we played together, it’s been great two weeks.
I dedicate this victory to everybody in India, my country, and to the state of Telangana and all people of Telangana,” Sania told PTI from New York after winning the final.
“I am extremely ecstatic, it’s a dream come true, hopefully many more will come,” said the 27-year-old.
Sania’s third career Grand Slam came barely a month after she was branded ‘daughter-in-law’ of Pakistan by a BJP leader due to her marriage with cricketer Shoaib Malik. The comment was triggered by the Telangana government’s decision to appoint her brand ambassador of the newly-created state.
The Hyderabadi was forced to issue a statement to assert her roots and was seen breaking down on news channels while trying to do so.
Asked if the controversy played on her mind during the US Open campaign, Sania said she believes in moving forward and remains focussed on her game after stepping into the court.
“I don’t think we should focus on the negatives,” said Sania, who is first Indian female player and only the third from the country after Mahesh Bhupathi and Leander Paes to have won Grand Slam titles.
Sania and Bruno were cruising in the Match Tie break and had five championship points after securing a comfortable 9-4 lead but a flurry of errors threatened to devastate their hopes.
Local hope Abigail Spears and Santiago Gonzalez made it 9-9 and looked like snatching it away from the Indo-Brazilian top seeds.
“We all had our hearts in our mouths at that point but we just tried to be positive and do whatever we could, help each other out and come out on top,” Sania said recalling the crunch moment.
Sania had played the previous three Grand Slams of the season with Romanian partner Horea Tecau but was forced to split as desired results did not come.
They began well by reaching the final of the Australian Open but suffered second round exit at the French Open and were ousted in the third round at the Wimbledon.
Sania said the efforts to team up with Bruno started after the Wimbledon defeat.
“We happened to meet after Wimbledon and he asked if we could play. Me and Bruno had different partners, we messaged each other, spoke to each other and one thing led to another,” she explained.
Asked how the partnership clicked in the very first attempt, Sania said, “Most importantly, continued…

CAG finds deficient performance in Congress govt in APUpdated: September 6, 2014 17:21 IST
CAG finds deficient performance in Congress govt in AP
PTI
The Hindu An Indiramma house meant to replace the traditional hut remains incomplete due to apathy of officials at New Kolamguda in Utnoor mandal. A file photo: S. Harpal Singh.
TOPICS
regulatory policy and organisation
The Comptroller and Auditor General of India on Saturday submitted its reports on the performance of various sectors in Andhra Pradesh government, finding “deficiencies” in implementation of selected schemes and the resultant losses caused to the exchequer during the previous Congress rule for the year ended March 2013.
The six CAG reports on revenue, economic sector, public sector undertakings, local bodies, general and social sectors and directorate of mines and geology were tabled in the state Assembly on the last day of Budget session.
The weaker section housing schemes, social security pension schemes, works of irrigation department, implementation of the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act and the functioning of some PSUs came in for sharp scrutiny by the central auditor.
Indiramma Houses, a “flagship” programme of the Congress government, failed to achieve the objective of
“saturation concept” even six years after its launch in 2006, the CAG observed.
Of the 64,32,106 houses sanctioned between 2006-07 and 2012-13, only 43,18,310 were completed though the houses were to be completed within the sanctioned year.
“The government had not released budgetary allocation in full in any of the years during 2008-13. While a provision of Rs 10,187 crore was made in the annual budgets from 2008-09 to 2012-13 for Indiramma houses, only Rs 7,433 crore was released, marking a shortfall of Rs 2,753.50 crore,” the CAG report, prepared by Principal Accountant General Vani Sriram, pointed out.
“The unit cost fixed by the government for Indiramma houses (Rs 45,000 per unit in 2011-12) was not sufficient and unrealistic to complete construction and poorest of poor were unable to cope with extra expenditure as Rs 90,000 (per unit) was required as per conservative estimate for constructing 225 sft-size dwelling,” the Principal Accountant General noted.
This was reflected in the fact that construction of 12.87 lakh units was not even commenced out of 64.32 lakh sanctioned after a lapse of six years.
“Due to lack of input and validation controls, inadequate scrutiny of applications and incorrect processing of cases, some ineligible beneficiaries had derived benefits from the scheme.
“Monitoring was ineffective and in that the department has not taken action for recovery of amounts from ineligible beneficiaries,” the auditor remarked.
On road works taken up in Public-Private Partnership mode, the CAG found that the department did not have a standard policy or procedure for identifying the projects.
“There were cases of taking up projects without establishing technical requirement and financial viability.
Decisions were changed like switching from Build-Operate-Transfer mode to conventional mode, toll mode to annuity mode and vice-versa.
“Bidding process also lacked transparency and projects were not completed in time due to non-handing over of lands and non-shifting of utilities,” the report said.
All this resulted in loss of crores of rupees to the exchequer on various counts.
Reviewing the performance of Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation, with reference to construction of Commuter Amenity Centres and Bus Terminal Complexes under the JnNURM, the CAG said the Corporation prepared Detailed Project Report without considering important aspects like market potential, financial feasibility for each CAC.
As a result, the Corporation could not complete even the pilot project sanctioned by the Government of India in February 2008 for creation of 11 infrastructure projects at a cost of Rs 162.13 crore.

WB: Woman held for faking CM Mamata Banerjee s voice to demand moneyUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Barasat: A woman has been arrested for impersonating West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee over phone in North 24-Parganas district.
Deputy Commissioner (Detective Department) Barrackpore Commisionerate C Sudhakar said Ananya Biswas, a resident of Khardah, was arrested two days ago on a charge of faking Banerjee's voice demanding cash from two senior TMC leaders in the district.
"Didi bolchi" (Didi speaking) was what the woman told chairman of Titagarh municipality Prashanta Chowdhury who received the call first.
A woman has been arrested for impersonating West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee over phone in North 24-Parganas district.
Chowdhury in his complaint to the police alleged that Biswas had asked for over Rs 5 lakh for some welfare activity over the phone four days back.
Chowdhury forwarded the request to another senior TMC leader of Khardah who talked to the lady. This time he smelt something foul and passed the caller's phone number to the police.
The police later found out that the telephone number belonged to Ananya Biswas, Sudhakar said.

India open to alternative steps to curb incursions: Rajnath SinghUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Jammu: Home Minister Rajnath Singh said India may resort to "alternative steps" if negotiations with neighbours on incursions do not yield fruitful results.
Singh, who is on a day's tour to the state to assess flood situation, was asked about incursions by Chinese army in Leh area to which he replied that incursions were happening earlier also.
"Our Jawans are guarding our borders and there will be no let up in the vigil. The government wants to resolve all issues with its neighbours through dialogue but alternative steps can be taken if they don't believe in negotiations," Singh said without specifying the neighbouring country.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh said India may resort to "alternative steps" if negotiations with neighbours on incursions do not yield fruitful results.
Jammu and Kashmir has seen incursions from Pakistan as well as China.
When asked whether the centre and the state are on confrontational path following a resolution passed by Jammu and Kashmir Legislative Assembly seeking resumption of dialogue with Pakistan, the Home Minister said there is no confrontation and the centre and state have cordial relations.
Recently, PLA personnel entered Charding Nilu Nullah Junction in Demchok sector on their vehicles claiming it to be Chinese territory, official sources had said.
The PLA soldiers who wanted to have a round of the area were stopped by the Indian army and personnel of Indo Tibetan Border Police, a force which guards the India-China border.
After a 30-minute long stand-off followed by a banner drill where armies of both the countries warned each other against moving a step forward, the PLA personnel returned to their side, the sources said.
Earlier they had entered through Chumar, located 300 km east of Leh, on July 13 only to be confronted by Indian soldiers and after the usual banner drill between the two sides, the PLA patrol went back.
On the western front, Pakistan troops had recently violated the ceasefire by targeting Indian forward posts with small arms and automatic weapons along the LoC.

J&K floods: 100 Awantipore University students stranded in PulwamaUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Pulwama: A total of 100 students- 60 girls and 40 boys- are stranded in Awantipore University hostels in Pulwama.
According to the police, the girls have been shifted to another hostel which is safer and with the provision of food. They will be sent home once the highways are through.
The situation in the state continues to be grim with a red alert being issued for parts of South Srinagar as the Jhelum has breached its embankment in Pulwama. More than 100 people have lost their lives in the past two days in heavy rains and floods. Traffic on the Jammu-Pathankot highway has been stopped after incessant rain.
According to the police, the girls have been shifted to another hostel which is safer and with the provision of food.
The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) is moving teams to Srinagar and Jammu for rescue and relief operations.
Meanwhile, Home Minister Rajnath Singh held a meeting with Chief Minister Omar Abdullah to take stock of the flood situation in Jammu and Kashmir. Singh arrived in Srinagar on Saturday morning and went straight into a meeting with the CM in the technical area of the airport where both discussed steps to meet the situation arising out of the worst floods in the state in six decades.

WB: Mother takes son to police for raping minorUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Canning (WB): A youth was arrested on a complaint of his mother for allegedly raping a minor girl near a school at Diamond Harbour in South 24-Parganas district, police said on Saturday.
"Najir Seikh, a bus conductor, was arrested after his mother Ainur Bibi lodged a complaint with the Diamond Harbour police station after rescuing the seven-year-old girl yesterday," Sub-Divisional Police Officer (SDPO) Rupantar Sengupta said.
Ainur Bibi came to know about the incident after Nazir talked about it after returning home in a drunken state, Sengupta said.
Najir and three others had allegedly raped a class-1 student when she had gone outside the school.
Najir and three others had allegedly raped a class-1 student when she had gone outside the school to urinate as the school toilet was closed. She was left unconscious near a bush.
"After hearing about the incident Ainur Bibi rushed to rescue the girl. She took the girl to Diamond Harbour hospital and then lodged a complaint against her son with the police," the SDPO said.
The family members of the girl were unaware of the incident when Ainur Bibi took the girl to the hospital and later reached the police station, Sengupta said.
The family members and other guardians gheraoed the school authorities and demanded the toilet be opened immediately.

Jennifer Lawrence nude images leak: This is a violation of her bodyComments
Oscar-winner Jennifer Lawrence and 100 other Hollywood women celebs have been engulfed in a nude photo leak scandal. Only, the headline writers got it wrong – it is not a scandal. It is a crime.
Just because the victims here are actors, singers and others who are in the public arena does not make the act of the unknown hacker any less criminal or repulsive.
Read Apple, FBI to investigate nude photo leak
However, if you take to social media and listen to its shrill and opinionated masses, it is all their fault – they are women, they are celebs and they take nude pictures. 
Twitter is full of comments about what need Lawrence, and others, had of nude photos. Lawrence’s morals are in question and light has also been shed on how ‘loose’ women in the show business are. Don’t they know anyone can hack the filmsily-protected iCloud? They know what they were in for, surely?
Read Jennifer Lawrence, Selena Gomez's naked photos leaked  
These righteous upholders of our morality will be in for a rude shock if they asked around how many of us had taken a provocative image or sent a sext? We did it in the privacy of our homes and on a medium we thought was safe. It was a conversation between lovers, we had no idea a hacker was hiding under the bed.
Only, as Mary Elizabeth Winstead, another actor besieged by the ‘scandal’ said in her tweets, it is not safe. “To those of you looking at photos I took with my husband years ago in the privacy of our home, hope you feel great about yourselves. Knowing those photos were deleted long ago, I can only imagine the creepy effort that went into this. Feeling for everyone who got hacked."
 
Hollywood celebs are used to living under the glare and unstinted surveillance. Unforgiving media and public watches every step they take and damning criticism is the result of one mistake. For them, every shred of privacy is precious; it should be, given the fact even their phones can be turned against them.
This case is a new low, even worse than the advent of paparazzi which blurred the line between public and personal. Princess Diana was probably the first victim of this hunger for a scoop. Britain’s News of The World, which was closed down because the journalists working there hacked into the phones of politicians, celebrities and unwitting people caught up in the news, brought that kind of unethical means to people like you and me.
The result of that case was filing of criminal charges against senior people working in the paper who either hacked the phones or were part of the conspiracy.
Similar steps need to be taken in this hacking case. And not just against the hacker but every person who is clicking on those images. You are not just looking for harmless fun, neither checking out what the brouhaha is all about. You are abusing their private moments and their bodies, and that’s a crime. 
Jennifer Lawrence won the Golden Globe award for Best supporting actress for her performance in David O. Russell's con-artist caper American Hustle.

Bisleris Urzza eyes pan-India reach by Septembercompany information
The energy drink is targeted at age group of 10 to 25 years
Packaged drinking water firm Bisleri International plans to go pan-India for its just launched caffeine-free energy drink Urzza by September this year. It has launched the new drink in select markets.
The launch of Urzza marks the re-entry of Ramesh Chauhan, Chairman of Bisleri, into energy drink market 22 years after selling his soft drink brands Thumbs Up, Limca and Gold Spot to Coca Cola.
The new energy drink, targeted at the age group of 10 to 25 years, is expected to compete with Red Bull and other energy drink brands in India. “It took us five years to develop this unique drink whose taste is pleasant. After exiting the soft drink business, I have been thinking to come out with some unique drink other than water. With lot of research and external help we could finalise on a drink that has a mysterious taste which others cannot copy. And we named it Urzza (power),” said Ramesh Chauhan, Chairman, Bisleri International Private Ltd.
Encouraging response
“Unlike other energy drinks, Urzza does not have caffeine and is priced at Rs.50,” he added. About Rs.200 crore has been invested in this project and the company expects to sell 10 million cases (one case is 24 cans) in a year as compared to two million cases sold by all other energy drink brands in India. Urzza comes in a pack of six cans.
“Distribution is our major strength as Bisleri has an annual sales volume of 100 million cases and growing by 25 per cent. Urzza will be distributed by this same channel and we will be reaching out to the nook and corner of the country. That is why we have set such an ambitious sales target for Urzza,” Mr. Chauhan said.
Unlike the 1993 experience when he was forced to sell his soft drink brands to Coca Cola as his bottlers were out of control and wanted to join his multinational rivals, this time Mr. Chauhan is reported to have ensured full control on production and distribution.

Jobs boom: Amazon  McD s to step up hiringAmazon
(Amazon, McDonald’s and…)
MUMBAI: This festive season that's just around the corner will see a jobs boom—staffing companies are being flooded with demands for more workers as the economy starts looking up again and consumers feel emboldened enough to loosen their purse strings after being frugal through a prolonged slowdown.
Amazon, McDonald's and others are set to hire a large number of people — some of them temporary, some full-time — and the trend is seen extending to smaller towns as well.
Workforce numbers will likely surge 30-50% at e-commerce, fast-moving consumer goods, retail and BFSI (banking, financial services and insurance) companies as consumer spending is expected to shoot up in the next three months.
Amazon will Pay Attendance Bonus
Staffing firms are going all out to grab as many people as they can and some companies are getting innovative as they look to sweeten the bait. E-commerce giant Amazon will pay an 'attendance bonus' for members of its logistics team over the next three months to ensure minimum absenteeism and strengthen the delivery team with more contract employees.
"They will almost double their numbers in the logistics section and the attendance bonus is one of the many incentives the company has planned," said a person who didn't want to be named. "We do not comment on what we may or may not do in the future," Amazon said in reply to an email sent by ET.
It's not just temporary staff, companies will also take on permanent workers who are directly employed. Temporary workers are supplied by staffing firms, which pay their salaries and benefits. Such workers will be especially in demand to handle an increase in customers in segments such as call centres, housekeeping, deliveries and those who track goods.
The $6-billion taxi rental market in India will see Ola Cabs adding more drivers, incentivising them through a possible cut in the commission it charges for the next three months. "This will help to get more drivers on our platform and more incentives may be rolled out," said Anand Subramanian, marketing communications head for Ola Cabs.
  The company has 18,000 cars and about 24,000 drivers on its platform and expects a 30% increase during the festive season. Rituparna Chakraborty, senior vice-president and co-founder of staffing firm TeamLease Services, said there has been a sharp uptick.
"There is definitely a welcome surge in hiring at the moment in anticipation of the festival season and (this) shall carry on till about the end of January 2015," Chakraborty said. "Our projection shows that the surge (in temporary hiring) would be around 50% of what happens all year long in these sectors."
The boom won't be concentrated to just the big cities. A large part of the hiring is driven by optimism shown in consumer durables, ecommerce, hospitality and airlines and will take place in tier II and III cities, noted the staffing firm.
For Randstad India, another staffing company, mandates have come from BFSI and consumer durable firms. "Home, auto loans shoot up during this period and more workforce is needed to manage customers," said Aditya Narayan Mishra, president, staffing, Randstad India.
The Bangalore-based company said there will be at least a 30% increase in demand for workers this festive season compared with other months of the year.
Another Bangalore-based recruitment company's staffing team expects a 40% surge in demand for temporary employees during the festive season based on mandates it has got this month. "One company almost plans to double the number of its customerfacing employees," said a senior executive of this company who refused to be named.
Fast food chain McDonald's is also geared up for higher staffing during the next three months. "We are looking to add about 10% of our total workforce across all our restaurants (including delivery) in anticipation of the demand peaking during the forthcoming festival season," said Rudra Kishore Sen, director, operations, McDonald's India (north and east). This additional hiring stems directly from consumer sentiment picking up, Sen said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nato allies unite  ready to challenge ISIS threatNato allies unite, ready to challenge ISIS threat
AP
print
The US and key allies agreed Friday that the Islamic State group is a significant threat to Nato countries and that they will take on the militants by squeezing their financial resources and going after them with military might.
With the Islamic State militants spreading across eastern Syria and northern and western Iraq, President Barack Obama noted that the moderate Syrian rebels fighting both the group and the government of Bashar Assad are "outgunned and outmanned." In addition to the action pledged by fellow Nato leaders, he pressed Arab allies to reject the "nihilism" projected by the group.
President Barack Obama arrives on the South Lawn of the White House after returning from the NATO Summit in Whales on Friday in Washington. (AP Photo)
The new Nato coalition will be able to mount a sustained effort to push back the militants, Obama said. The US secretaries of State and Defense, meeting with their counterparts at the international gathering, insisted the Western nations build a plan by the time the UN General Assembly meets this month.
"I did not get any resistance or pushback to the basic notion that we have a critical role to play in rolling back this savage organization that is causing so much chaos in the region and is harming so many people and poses a long-term threat to the safety and security of Nato members," Obama said at the summit conclusion. "So there's great conviction that we have to act, as part of the international community, to degrade and ultimately destroy ISIL, and that was extremely encouraging."
Laying out a strategy for Iraq, Obama hinted at a broader military campaign, likening it to the way US forces pushed back al-Qaida along Pakistan's border with Afghanistan, taking out the group's leadership, shrinking its territory and pounding at its militant followers. To do that, the US used persistent airstrikes, usually by CIA drones.
So far, US airstrikes in Iraq have been largely limited to helping Kurdish forces and protecting refugees. But Obama has set a goal of dismantling and destroying the Islamic State, and said Friday that the US will continue to hunt down the militants just as it did with al-Qaida and with al-Shabab in Somalia.
Secretary of State John Kerry heads to the Middle East next week, and he expects to expand the coalition beyond Western nations.
Said Obama: "I think it is absolutely critical that we have Arab states and specifically Sunni-majority states that are rejecting the kind of extremist nihilism that we're seeing out of ISIL, that say that is not what Islam is about and are prepared to join us actively in the fight."
The Islamic State group espouses a radical form of Sunni Islam and initially invaded Iraq to fight its Shiite government.
"What we can accomplish is to dismantle this network, this force that has claimed to control this much territory, so that they can't do us harm," Obama said. He added that US ground troops in Syria are not needed to accomplish the goal, but instead can work with moderate partners on the ground in the country.
"They have been, to some degree, outgunned and outmanned. And that's why it's important for us to work with our friends and allies to support them more effectively," Obama said.
Watch: We will defeat ISIS, says Obama at NATO Summit
In a meeting with the foreign and defense ministers from the coalition countries, Kerry said leaders need a clear idea about what each country will contribute to the fight. And, while noting that many won't be willing to engage in military strikes, he said they can instead provide intelligence, equipment, ammunition or weapons.
"We very much hope that people will be as declarative as some of our friends around the table have been in order to be clear about what they're willing to commit, because we must be able to have a plan together by the time we come to (the United Nations General Assembly)," said Kerry. "We need to have this coalesce."
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel, sitting alongside Kerry, said the group forms a loose coalition that will be needed to face the insurgent challenge. He said the group can then be expanded. Along with the United States, the coalition comprises the United Kingdom, France, Australia, Germany, Canada, Turkey, Italy, Poland and Denmark.
Later, French President Francois Hollande said France was discussing with allies what type of action might be taken. "France is ready to act, but once the political accord is there and in respect to international law," Hollande said.
A senior Obama administration official said Thursday that the US wanted to establish a credible ground force in Syria by training more moderate rebels before taking military action there. A $500 million request is pending in Congress.
One prong of a Western coalition approach would be for the nations' law enforcement and intelligence agencies to work together to go after the Islamic State's financing - both in banks and more informal funding networks. But as long as the Islamic State has access to millions of dollars a month in oil revenue, it will remain well-funded, US intelligence officials say.
Nato Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said Nato has agreed to help coordinate assistance to Iraq. And he said Nato would consider putting together a mission to train and increase the capabilities of the Iraqi forces. Nato did training during the Iraq war.
Nato also agreed to increase cooperation among nations on sharing information about foreign fighters. A number of nations, including the US, have noted that radicalized citizens have been traveling to Syria and Iraq to fight, raising alarms that they could return to their home countries and launch attacks.
Denmark's foreign minister Martin Lidegaard said the effort against the militants "is not only about a military effort, it is also about stopping the financial contributions to ISIS, to coordinate intelligence, it is about stopping foreign fighters, young people from our own societies. It is decisive that we get more countries along."

Draghi sees $1 trillion aid to lift European...You are here: Home > Collections > Ecb
ECB chief Mario Draghi signals $1 trillion fresh aid to lift European economy
Bloomberg Sep 6, 2014, 11.40AM IST
Tags:
ECB
( Mario Draghi signalled at…)
LONDON: Mario Draghi signalled at least 700 billion euros ($906 billion) of fresh aid for his moribund economy and left a fight with Germany over sovereign-bond purchases for another day.
Pledging to "significantly steer" the European Central Bank's (ECB) balance sheet back towards the $2.7 trillion of early 2012 from $2 trillion now, the ECB president on Thursday announced a final round of interest-rate cuts and a plan to buy privately-owned securities.
His mission: to revive inflation in the 18-nation euro area. Fully-fledged quantitative easing as deployed in the US and Japan wasn't enacted amid a split on the 24-member Governing Council, with Bundesbank President Jens Weidmann opposing the new stimulus and others seeking more.
The latest round of steps pushed the euro below $1.30 for the first time since July 2013 and sent European bond yields negative. The steps "probably reflect that President Draghi does not have unanimity, or a large enough majority for quantitative easing," said Andrew Bosomworth, a Munich-based portfolio manager at Pacific Investment Management Co and a former ECB economist.
Investment Decline With euro-area inflation languishing at 0.3% last month, a fraction of the ECB's 2% goal, and Draghi saying price expectations are worsening, policy makers unexpectedly cut interest rates. The benchmark and deposit rates were reduced by 10 basis points to 0.05% and minus 0.2%, respectively.
Euro-area investment shrank 0.3% last quarter, the first decline since the start of 2013, a report from the European Union's statistics office showed on Friday. That led to a stagnation in gross domestic product even as household consumption and government spending rose.
Bond prices rose and the euro dropped after the ECB's measures. The single currency fell as low as $1.292 on Thursday and is headed for a record eighth straight weekly decline.
Governing Council member Ewald Nowotny said late on Thursday that "the rate cut was mainly meant to lead to a reversal of the euro appreciation," which will provide relief for exporters. "The key issue was the influence on the exchange rate, and that happened very quickly and is going to last," he said in an interview with Austrian state broadcaster ORF.
Lower bound
The ECB's fresh monetary easing may help encourage companies and households to spend rather than save. It could also attract greater participation in a targeted lending program for banks that was unveiled in June and starts this month.
Banks can borrow from the ECB for as much as four years at a small premium to the benchmark rate.
The rate cuts mark the bottom line for conventional monetary policy. Declaring that the ECB can now reduce them no more, Draghi committed to buying so-called assetbacked securities and covered bonds in the hope that will funnel cash into the economy.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Motorola sees India as one of the biggest markets | Why IBM is hiring more in USMotorola sees India as one of the biggest markets globally
Danish Khan, ET Bureau Sep 6, 2014, 02.29PM IST
Tags:
India
(The company upgraded its…)
NEW DELHI: Motorola Mobility sees India as one of the biggest markets globally, a top official said, as the company that would soon become part of the Lenovo group launches upgraded versions of its smartphones and a new smartwatch.
"The Indian market is massive and tremendously important to us. We completely believe in what we are doing here. Now, we are able to grow on the portfolio we have. It's getting more exciting for us," Senior Marketing Director Marcus Frost told ET Friday.
The company upgraded its smartphone portfolio with the launch of improved versions of the Moto G and Moto X smartphones. It is bringing these devices along with its first smartwatch, Moto 360, to India simultaneously with their global launches.
Motorola has high ambitions from its new smartphones, Marcus said, and added that it will bring the next significant update of the Android operating system, Android L, to these new devices.
The latest Moto G is available in the market starting Friday, while the Moto X and the Moto 360 smartwatch will be available later this month.
Marcus said the company has learnt a lot from the Moto G, which ran out of stock in the first couple of days of launch. "We corrected that instantly, which shows the might of Motorola at the background. We are able to turn around situations very quickly. But also we are constantly learning."
Both Flipkart and Motorola are equipped to handle demand for the latest Moto G smartphone in India, he said. "We are bringing a lot of units."
Motorola has seen huge success in the Indian market for the Moto G and Moto E as the company broke in to the top five smartphone vendors in India in the last quarter, within a year of re-entering the market. It was at the fourth spot in the quarter through June, according to handset sales tracker Canalys.
According to Flipkart's vice president for retail and head of brand alliances, Michael Adnani, 1.6 million Motorola smartphones have been sold in the country till date.
The Indian market has lately seen increased competition post the entry of vendors like China's Xiaomi. Marcus said India has always been a ferociously competitive market and Motorola was keeping an eye on its competition.
Besides smartphones, Motorola sees opportunity in the wearable space, though others like Samsung have seen lukewarm response for their smartwatches. "We have been providing enough information about this product to test the appetite in India as well as other markets. People that are interested in watches are our target customers. We are targeting the mass market for the Moto 360," Marcus said. "The Moto 360 is a watch first. As you live with Moto 360, it gets better and better."
Motorola is working with Flipkart on a marketing plan for its new devices.
On the status of Lenovo's acquisition of Motorola Mobility, Marcus said the company would be a part of the Lenovo family in a matter of weeks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Declare J&K floods a national calamity: Cong...Declare Jammu & Kashmir floods a national calamity, says Congress
PTI Sep 6, 2014, 04.09PM IST
Tags:
Congress
(Former J&K CM Ghulam Nabi…)
NEW DELHI:With the flood situation turning grim in Jammu and Kashmir and the death toll mounting to 100, Congress today demanded that it be declared a national calamity.
Leader of Opposition in the Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad spoke to Prime Minister Narendra Modi on phone and demanded immediate steps so that the stranded people are shifted to safer places more efficiently and effectively.
He demanded that the floods be declared a national calamity.
The Prime Minister assured all possible help to the state in this hour of crisis after Azad, a former J&K chief minister, spoke to him from Srinagar and sought his personal attention in view of the "very grave and grim situation" prevailing in the entire state.
Azad requested the Prime Minister to immediately place funds at the disposal of the state government so that the rescue, relief and rehabilitation operations are carried out in an effective and co-ordinated manner.
While appreciating the role of the armed forces in supporting the state governments in disaster situations like this, Azad sought immediate pressing of Air Force along with the Army on the analogy of Uttarakhand disaster so that the stranded people are shifted to safer places more efficiently and effectively.
The Congress leader said "extensive and largescale damage of unprecedented proportions" has occurred to public infrastructure like roads, bridges, drinking water systems, power distribution systems and private properties like houses, shops, vehicles and livestock due to the floods.
He said the devastation has engulfed the entire state from Kathua to Leh, including Samba, Jammu, Doda, Reasi, Rajouri, Poonch, Anantnag, Shopian, Pulwama, Kulgam, Srinagar, and Baramulla.
It is beyond the capacity and resources of the state government to meet the challenges of the situation and so the flood should be declared a national calamity , he said.
National Conference and Congress are in power in the state for the last six years, where Assembly polls are due soon. The two parties will be contesting the polls separately this time.
Azad had visited the flood hit areas in Jammu and Srinagar yesterday.
The situation in the state continued to worsen today with the death toll mounting to 100 with rescuers struggled to evacuate thousands of people to safety as major rivers and streams were in spate due to incessant rains.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh held a meeting with Chief Minister Omar Abdullah to take stock of the situation soon after arriving in Srinagar this morning. He, however, could not undertake an aerial survey due to inclement weather.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CAG finds deficient performance by earlier Congress govt in Andhra PradeshApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

BJP wont resort to horse-trading to form government in Delhi: Rajnathpolitical systems
The Home Minister said Delhi Lt. Governor Najeeb Jung is free to call any party to form government and the BJP is the single largest party.
With speculation of the BJP being invited to form government in Delhi being rife, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh on said a call will be taken once formal proposal is received from the Lt. Governor even as he dismissed any attempt to form government by poaching MLAs of other parties.
The Home Minister, who is on a day’s trip to the Jammu and Kashmir to assess the flood situation in Jammu, said the Delhi Lt. Governor is free to call any party to form government and the BJP is the single largest party.
“If invited we will think about it. BJP does not believe in horse-trading . BJP will never favour a government with horse-trading,” Mr. Singh said.
BJP is likely to be invited to form a government in Delhi with Lt. Governor Najeeb Jung sending a report to President Pranab Mukherjee seeking permission to call the single largest party to take a shot at power though it is well short of majority in the Assembly.
In his report, Mr. Jung gave a detailed analysis of the political situation in the city and underlined the need to have an elected government for Delhi which is under President’s rule since February 17, 2014 following the resignation of the Aam Aadmi Party government.
The AAP and Congress have come down hard on Mr. Jung for his report and accused him of promoting “horse-trading”.
Last week the parties had cautioned the Lt Governor not to take any “unconstitutional move” by inviting the BJP to form government. Both the parties have been demanding immediate dissolution of the Assembly, saying keeping it in suspended animation will encourage horse-trading.

Output from captive mines lower than target: CoalMinCoal output from captive mines lower than target, says Coal Ministry
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 13:28 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
At a time when the Supreme Court is set to take a call on captive mines, the Coal Ministry has informed the Prime Minister's Office that firms which were alloted blocks for end-use plants have just produced 39 MT of coal in FY'14, missing their target for the fiscal.
The production target set from the captive coal blocks in FY 2013-14 was 50 million tonnes (MT), a source close to the development said.
Giving reasons for lower production, the ministry said less output was due to factors like pending court cases in matters relating to the captive coal blocks.
The apex court has held meanwhile that all coal blocks since 1993 have been allocated illegally and arbitrarily, bringing uncertainty to the fate of 218 block allocations. Of the total, 40 blocks are in production and 6 are likely to become operational in the current fiscal, the source said.
The government has told the Supreme Court that it wants a re-auction of all 218 coal blocks declared as illegal allocations but sought its indulgence to exempt 40 of them which are functional and ready for the end use power plants.
The Coal Ministry had earlier said that output from captive coal blocks may reach 53 million tonnes (MT) in the ongoing fiscal, based on the review of the status of producing coal blocks and the coal blocks which were likely to commence production in 2014-15. The information/assurance given by the coal block allocatees for achieving production during 2014-15 was 52.925 MT, the ministry had earlier said.
Of the total 328 coal blocks identified for allocation for captive purposes, the government has so far allocated 218 and deallocated 80 coal blocks.
Supreme Court which is looking into the issue of coal blocks had earlier said, "There was no fair and transparent procedure, all resulting in unfair distribution of the national wealth."
The next hearing is scheduled for September 9.

How womens tennis fought for equal payBy Jena McGregor September 5 Follow @jenamcgregor
Serena Williams, of the United States, in the quarterfinals of the U.S. Open tennis tournament Wednesday, Sept. 3, 2014, in New York. (AP Photo/Darron Cummings)
When the women in the U.S. Open  tournament take the court on Sunday, they’ll compete for the same prize money as their male peers. Since 2007, when Wimbledon and the French Open joined the other Grand Slam tournaments in giving equal prize money to men and women, tennis has broken down  the gender pay gap.
Stacey Allaster , head of the Women’s Tennis Association, has played a big role in that development. Allaster spoke with The Washington Post about being a female executive in the sports industry and the legacy of Billie Jean King. The interview was edited for length and clarity.
Q. Why has women’s tennis succeeded at equal pay?
A. The WTA was founded on the principles of equality and the empowerment of women through the great Billie Jean King. It was her vision that a women’s-only tour would be commercially successful and that any girl in the world could play professional tennis.
That was a critical time, 1970 to 1973. King was forming the WTA. She was winning Grand Slams. She was getting the USTA [United States Tennis Association] to pay equal prize money — in 1973. And, of course, she beat Bobby Riggs in the Battle of the Sexes  match. When you hear it from Billie, the weight of the world was on her shoulders. It wasn’t about winning a tennis match. It was about showing that women were confident, strong and equal.
Q. You helped secure equal prize money at Wimbledon and Roland Garros. Tell me about that.
A. I was the president of the WTA at the time. Larry Scott was chairman and CEO. But it took decades of effort from great champions like Chris Evert and Martina Navratilova and other advocates.
(Stacey Allaster | Photo courtesy of WTA)
We were at 93 percent of pay in 2006. We launched a public opinion campaign in France and Britain. We presented the data that showed our sponsorship revenues were very strong. We had a strong political campaign in business leaders like Richard Branson. Tessa Jowell, the minister of sport in Britain, was able to get Tony Blair on the House of Commons floor to say that Wimbledon should pay equal prize money.
Our ace was Venus Williams. On the eve of the Wimbledon finals in 2007, Larry said to Venus, “I’d like you to talk to the All England committee about equal prize money. I’m just a suit.” Venus, with her gift of diplomacy, was able to bring it over the line.
Q. What do you make of some of the responses from male players, such as the idea that women should also play five sets if they're going to be paid equally?
A. It's such an old discussion. Really. We said in 1973, and we continue to say in 2014, we're ready, willing and able to play five sets if that's what they'd like us to play. Our athletes are putting in the same effort, same training, and they deserve to be paid equally.
This issue of parity is not a women's issue. It's a societal issue that needs to be resolved by men and women. Having sponsor support and male leadership support in this area has been a key to our success.
Q. Tell me about your plans for growing women’s tennis.
A. Where we think we can play and win is that our athletes are incredibly inspiring on and off the court. We are fundamentally in the entertainment business.
Research tells us that our strategy needs to improve our connection with fans. We need more live content. We have over 2,000 matches played in the WTA, but we’re probably only producing about 700 for television or digital platforms. We’re showing our fans about a third of our total product.
There also came back a resounding, strong demand for a World Cup-type event. The time period we're looking at is potentially 2017. If we just look at sport, which events are massively successful? The Olympic Games. The World Cup. What's the common denominator? Teams. Nations against nations in a team format. Sport is about emotion. Nothing connects a fan more to a sport than national heroes competing. This would be something our association owns. We don't own the Grand Slams. As I said to our membership, someone's going to do this. Do you want to be the leaders and the owners or do you want to be the partners in it?
Q. For the first time since 1977, there will be eight different women finalists in the four Grand Slam tournaments in the same year. In other words, the bench is deep and superstars haven't consistently been winning. Is that a good thing or not for the sport?
A. The last couple of years we've had the established stars — Maria, Serena, Li Na — at the top of the sport; the rising stars; and a new generation coming in. That's created great drama. In 2012, for the first time in our history, we had 10 different nations ranked in the top 10. That's great for driving fan interest, sponsor interest and broadcaster interest.
Q. What is the biggest challenge of being a female executive in the sports world?
A. I was young, ambitious and naive when I came out of college to think that my gender didn't matter, that I was just going to prove myself through hard work and results. Probably by age 32-ish I began to hit the glass ceiling, and the recognition that there was gender bias and gender inequality hit me.
I’m the only female in the world running a global professional sport. Even in our sport — the sport of equality — right now, the International Tennis Federation  does not have one woman on its board.
Read also:
Like On Leadership ? Follow us on Facebook and Twitter .
Jena McGregor writes a daily column analyzing leadership in the news for the Washington Post’s On Leadership section.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business/on-leadership, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409916587/1409916587000/1409916587 tracking: {authors=Jena McGregor, blog_name=on-leadership, content_category=Business/on-leadership, in_url_headline=how-womens-tennis-fought-for-equal-pay, post_id=7508, section={section=business/on-leadership, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 11:29:47 AM close date: Sep 19, 2014 11:29:47 AM

Family Dollar Bucks Dollar General Bid AgainAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Band  baaja & bamboo riceUpdated: September 4, 2014 19:11 IST
Band, baaja & bamboo rice
THE HINDU The bamboo journey: From fruit and flower to cooked rice. Photo: Ritu Raj Konwar
The Hindu The bamboo journey: From fruit and flower to cooked rice . Photo: Ritu Raj Konwar
The Hindu The bamboo journey: From fruit and flower to cooked rice . Photo: Ritu Raj Konwar
The Hindu The bamboo journey: From fruit and flower to cooked rice . Photo: Ritu Raj Konwar
TOPICS
traditional food
Shanthini Rajkumar stumbles upon the merits of bamboo rice during a family wedding.
There is a wedding in the family and in the midst of all the work and merriment, food, of course, hogs centre stage. Thanks to a careful planning of daily menus by my cousin, we sample a variety of new and interesting food. Every day, at lunch, unusual millets are served —they are a healthier option to rice. I like them because, apart from health benefits, they also have a delicious al dente texture that adds to the overall taste.
New discoveries
At one of these lunches, there was bamboo rice. It was quite unlike anything I had eaten before. On enquiring from the many elders in the family, I received a wealth of information about it from my grandmother and her sisters . Apparently, the bamboo plant flowers after 12 years and these have in them the bamboo seeds. And this is what is referred to as bamboo rice.
There’s more and the remaining bits were filled in by an uncle and a foodie cousin. Bamboo blossoms are quite common in the North Eastern states of Nagaland and Mizoram.
The grains are cooked inside the hollow of a bamboo and eaten as a staple.
A bamboo story
A bamboo forest usually grows from a single bamboo. The new shoots grow from the root of a bamboo tree. The life span is about 40 years depending on the variety. When flowering occurs, it is widely believed that there is a change in the humidity or the composition of the soil. And that is not a good sign.
This is supposed to be a precursor of a natural disaster such as a drought. People here see as an indicator of depleting ground water level and think of it as a curse. After the production of seeds, the bamboo forest dies.
When bamboo forests die many pandas die too as it is their staple food.
The name bamboo rice is also given to a short-grain rice that is infused with bamboo juice. This practice is prevalent more in the West.
This imparts a green colour and that is very different. The bamboo rice goes very well with our South Indian curries, rasams and even curd. It is available in Tamil Nadu where it is called ‘moongil arisi’. It is cooked in the same manner as regular rice is cooked.
New recipes
Once I am back to my regular routine, I plan to try out this delicious carb and find other ways to up it’s taste quotient.
Many thanks to my cousin Vini for introducing me to a ‘new’ ingredient. You do learn something new every day now, don’t you?
Read more on Shanthini’s website, www.pinklemontree recipes.com

How climate change is affecting the worlds biggest food companyThe food world has a few problems on its hands. (Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg News)
Food is a necessity, but it's also a big business.
That duality has often pitted consumers against the powerful food corporations that farm, produce, and ultimately feed large swaths of the global population, especially on questions of health and sustainability. But with national diets in this country leading to obesity and diabetes epidemics  and global issues around poverty, food waste and climate change, consumers and producers are having new discussions about their relationship to one another.
Few, if any, companies will play as central a role in these issues as Nestlé S.A., the world's largest food and beverage company, which makes everything from chocolate (Crunch, Toll House, and Butterfinger) and coffee (Nespresso), to baby food (Gerber), pizza (DiGiorno), milk (Skinny Cow), ice cream (Haagen-Dazs), and packaged meals (Hot Pockets, Lean Cuisine).
I sat down with Nestle S.A.'s vice president and global head of operations José Lopez, who's also often described as the company's head of sustainability, even though the company doesn't technically have someone with that title. We discussed how climate change is affecting the company, how the company is working to affect climate change, what sustainability means in the corporate food world, and the company's responsibility to the people who eat its food, especially given its size.
José Lopez, the Executive Vice President and Head of Global Operations for Nestlé S.A., is pictured. (Source: Nestlé S.A.)
Why doesn't Nestlé have a head of sustainability? 
I am seen by the outside world as the head of sustainability here, because I do attend to issues of sustainability, but in essence we don't have one. The problem is that these positions are often part of public affairs or corporate affairs, or corporate communications, but the story shouldn't be how we talk about sustainability—it should be about what we do about sustainability. So for us, operations comes first and talking comes next.
For some time this was actually a little frustrating to some of our management members, because people didn't know what we were doing behind the scenes. But you cannot work to tell people; you have to work to do the right thing.
What then does sustainability mean for Nestlé?
Sustainability is not only making sure that our business model is able to survive but that we live in a society that is in harmony with what we want our business to be in the future. You have to be relevant, you have to be in tune with what society needs, so that your business can continue to work over the long term.
We are a very long-term oriented company. There was a time when our company decided to take its stock from all trading stock markets aside from the one in Zurich. The reason was that we no longer wanted to do quarterly reporting, because we found that this was nonsense for a company like ours. To change your decision-making on numbers you're going to have to give each quarter, when it takes years to put products in place, build factories, find distribution, and bring forward a brand, doesn't make sense.
But sustainability isn't a static term. It has a very different meaning today than it did, say, 150 years ago, when Nestlé was founded. How has its meaning changed?
On one side of the equation, you have technology, and access to technology. This has a big and positive impact. Society now demands more transparency, because we're able to provide more transparency. Corporations have received a renewed mandate by society. We have to take responsibility for things that in the past we didn't feel we had the legitimacy to. The role that we are given by society is changing, and rapidly, and, in my mind, in a very positive manner.
But we also now know a lot more about what can be done. The science and technology that we already know, and information that we already have, is sufficient to tackle the very pressing issues that the planet, the earth, is facing. We know how to achieve sustainable farming, we know how to achieve sustainable harvesting of many of our key ingredients, but when you look around, you realize that this is just a drop in the ocean. It's just starting.
So the question is how can we scale this up. For that we need to engage everyone, including the media.
What about specific sustainability issues, like climate change. How is climate change affecting Nestlé on the back end, and behind the scenes?
Climate change has many impacts on the value chain. We source a tremendous amount of raw materials, as you can imagine. We are the biggest buyer of cocoa in the world, and one of the biggest buyers of coffee in the world. Both of those commodities have gotten more expensive as a result of climate change.
Are those prices reflected in profit margins for farmers?
They are, and they must be. Otherwise this whole thing will become unsustainable. If there isn't a means for farmers to adapt to climate change, as we see it, then the children of today's farmers will not become farmers.
Farming has to become a different player in the eyes of the consumer. I am convinced that consumers will accept and understand that food cannot be the place where you save most of your money. It has to be the place where you have to have a value understanding. We need to educate everyone about the real value of their purchasing activities.
But what if everyone simply can't afford more expensive food? How do we feed a growing population, given the amount of hunger and poverty that already persists in the world?
The first thing is we need to stop waste. Food waste is an incredible and absurd issue for the world today. The numbers that come around are always in the neighborhood of 30 to 35 percent--meaning that a third of what is produced is wasted, which also has an environmental impact. But beyond that environmental impact is the impact on soil, on water, on the resources and our natural capital that we impose for the benefit of no one.
Unfortunately what happens is poorer countries can't afford to waste food, because it's such a large part of their disposable income, while in the Western world it is such a small part of disposable income that it's okay to waste from an economic standpoint. Because of that waste, you have to raise prices, which the people in those poorer countries, the ones who don't have the money, then have to pay. You see this happening with all kinds of goods around the world.
What is important for companies like ours is to make sure that we don't participate in processes that produce unintended consequences that go against our interests in the long term. That is a perfect example. And we are not going to sacrifice the long-term sustainability of our business for short-term gains.
There's another form of sustainability that more directly affects consumers: Health. We don't know a lot about how foodstuffs affect people, because the narrative is constantly changing. How does a company like Nestlé reconcile that, and deal with those violent swings?
When people talk about the food industry and food companies, they are intuitively referring to packaged goods, and, specifically, branded packaged goods. When you look at the amount of food a human being ingests, the part that is branded packaged goods is actually a very small part. But in terms of total calories or total nutrients, it happens to be the most attractive part, partly because they have been adapted using science to make them taste better.
We have to take responsibility for that. I will be the first one to say that we have done a very poor job explaining to the world why we exist as an industry, what we bring to society, and what the world would look like if we didn't exist.
It's like speaking about packaging. Packaging is a huge source of littering and other negative environmental impact. But can we take packaging away from food? You know what will happen, and immediately? The amount of waste will multiply by who knows how much if we take away packaging from our food system.
Instead we need to sit back and understand that we have an issue with packaging, agree that we have an issue with caloric intake, especially attractive caloric intake because of branding, and take responsibility for improving the health status down the road.
We need to lower the amount of sugar and sodium we have in our food. We also have to apply a better understanding of nutrition and portion control. We have done a terrible job explaining to consumers why we existed, because we were too busy competing with each other.
So, why then does Nestlé exist?
Because it would be impossible to feed 7 billion people, let alone billions more to come, without it. Because we need to preserve food, and safely, so consumers can eat and drink under any condition and in any season. The reason why we exist, primarily, is that human beings decided to live together, because of urbanization.
Today there is a very close relationship between urbanization and the food industry. We have to provide food all the time, during every season, and it needs to be safe, affordable, and so on and so forth. That's our job.
Now, in order to do that job, you shouldn't hurt anybody. You shouldn't hurt the people who produce the food or the people that consume the food. That's what we need to work on.
How far is Nestlé willing to go to achieve that? If there were a product that wasn't good for people to consume, would the company stop selling it?
I don't think there are any products that aren't good for people to consume. There are substances that aren't good for people to consume, and there is always the notion of quantity and portion control. Human beings are able to process a lot of things, and we have the mechanism to live in an environment that isn't always friendly, but we adapt.
What we need is to understand [food] microbiology better. That's where science needs to go. We need to have a better understanding of how food interacts with out health. If we found that something was toxic, we would stop using it. No question.
Every time there is a concern that surfaces from a study, we investigate. The health and safety of our consumers has to be our primary concern, but once we fail that, we're gone.
How can Nestlé and other major food companies ensure that developing countries like India and China don't suffer the same sort of health issues, such as obesity, that are crippling developed countries like the U.S.?
We have to find solutions.
Knowing what we know, we have to make sure that the products we sell are formulated in a way that will not induce excessive consumption or will not imply strict replacement of healthy food by less healthy food. We know how to make a more balanced food, and also a more balanced diet.
The most important thing, though, is education.
When you go to a medical school and ask how many hours students spend on nutrition, it's incredible, because it's so few. When you know that the number one medicine for human beings is food, and yet doctors spend so little time learning what is the right nutrition, that's baffling.
The whole system requires a reset—from health professionals, from food companies, from the producers, but also from the marketers, from the media, and from all the other stakeholders—because, the reality is that population will continue to increase, demands on the food system will continue to stress the system, and our collective lifestyles are driving climate change, which is putting even more stress on producing food.
There is a real sense of urgency here on the need to align the positive impact that every stakeholder can have on this process.
Roberto A. Ferdman is a reporter for Wonkblog covering food, economics, immigration and other things. He was previously a staff writer at Quartz.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409929730/1409929730000/1409929730 tracking: {authors=Roberto A. Ferdman, blog_name=wonkblog, content_category=Business, in_url_headline=how-climate-change-is-affecting-the-worlds-biggest-food-company, post_id=100172, section={section=business, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 3:08:50 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 3:08:50 PM

Net neutrality opponents are taking a page out of their rivals grassroots playbookBy Brian Fung September 5 Follow @b_fung
(Don't Break the Net)
If there's one thing the Internet is good at, it's galvanizing Web users to action with a good David-and-Goliath story. For months, advocates of strong net neutrality have been whipping supporters into opposing large, incumbent corporations that stand to benefit from charging content firms for better, faster access to consumers. Some broadband companies have pushed back strongly against that impression, but that's only served to highlight the bright line dividing commercial Internet providers from ordinary Americans.
Now, however, some who see it from the internet service providers' perspective are taking a page out of the public interest groups' playbook, with a bit of a David-and-Goliath story of their own. A market-minded think tank is making a play for Americans who object to heavier regulation of Internet service providers. The push began this week with a Web site, Don't Break the Net , that urges the chairman of the Federal Communications Commission not to subject Internet providers to heavier regulation.
Behind the Web site is a libertarian think tank known as TechFreedom. TechFreedom openly draws inspiration from the much more experienced and powerful progressive grassroots groups: Don't Break the Net encourages you to write to the FCC advocating a "hands-off" policy. And doing so will automatically add you to TechFreedom's e-mail list (in the non-profit universe, the size of a group's e-mail list is often taken as a sign of its wealth and influence). Don't Break the Net even acknowledges copying the open-source code that went into the net neutrality advocates' own site, Battle for the Net , which represents some of the Web's most well-known properties — Mozilla, the maker of the Firefox browser; Etsy; reddit; Kickstarter and others.
"The digital left has become very good at digital activism," TechFreedom president Berin Szoka said in an interview. "I know because we've worked with them" on issues such as cellphone unlocking, fighting surveillance and internet piracy.
Appropriating the left's tactics is easy enough. Making the case against the left is something else entirely. It's not hard to understand why: The  vast majority of comments  left at the FCC on net neutrality have come from those who generally support stronger policies. But — perhaps taking another cue from the tech progressives — Szoka also thinks that using humor and the colloquial language of Internet culture can help.
"Cat videos aren't megawatts and the net's not a series of tubes, so don't treat it like a utility," the banner on Don't Break the Web reads.
Down below, the site quotes a number of scholars and businesspeople known for their work in Internet advocacy. If even these people disagree with stronger regulations, then perhaps TechFreedom has a point — or so the reasoning goes.
So is the grassroots plan working? Szoka declined to discuss it, though he did say that TechFreedom is beginning to work with sympathetic groups like CalInnovates to develop similar messaging.
There are some ways of evaluating TechFreedom's success so far. One Washington-based digital strategist — who has not been advocating on the net neutrality issue — observed that Don't Break the Net's web site "is pretty dead right now," according to statistics tracked by the social media service ShareCount. As of Friday morning, Don't Break the Net had been shared on Twitter 184 times and been liked 93 times on Facebook. Battle for the Net, has been around longer, but it is also far more popular in contrast.
Another sign that TechFreedom's campaign could run into trouble: Some say the quotes from businesspeople and legal scholars don't fully represent the speakers' views. Among them is Lawrence Lessig, the Harvard University professor and Creative Commons co-founder who's currently heading up a bid to end the influence of money in politics. Don't Break the Net portrays Lessig as an advocate for weaker regulation on ISPs.
(Don't Break the Net)
Lessig lashed out at that characterization Thursday by e-mail.
"This quotation is completely out of context," Lessig said. "It is true, I think we should abolish the FCC. But as the same article argued, we should replace the FCC with an agency better able to protect competition. And the first step in that for the Internet would be to protect the biggest engine for competition we’ve seen: a neutral network."
Lessig is an outspoken proponent of net neutrality, having appeared alongside other net neutrality advocates such as his Harvard colleague Susan Crawford and Columbia University law professor Tim Wu — the latter of whom is also represented on Don't Break the Net. It's not clear what Wu makes of the quote (he didn't respond to an e-mail or a phone call Thursday) but Wu is credited with inventing the term "net neutrality."
Don't Break the Net also cites the Electronic Frontier Foundation, the tech law and advocacy group known among many for its stance against electronic surveillance. Citing an EFF blog post from 2009, Don't Break the Net paints the group as anti-FCC.
(Don't Break the Net)
According to EFF activism director Rainey Reitman, however, this is no longer EFF's position.
"Our current stance is from June of this year, which acknowledges an important (but narrow) role for the FCC," said Reitman in an e-mail. "We want to be very, very clear: the FCC’s regulatory role should be narrow and firmly bounded. Network neutrality rules should be limited to specific prohibitions — such as blocking, discrimination among applications and prohibiting special access fees — potentially combined with a renewed 'open access' requirement that would foster local competition, and no more."
Szoka didn't respond to a request for comment on the quotes.
If it takes off, Don't Break the Net will be the first successful grassroots campaign pushing back against the much larger forces rallying in favor of strong net neutrality rules. Lacking the budget or the experience of its well-connected progressive rivals, TechFreedom is starting at a disadvantage. It's also far from clear that there's a substantial grassroots constituency that supports TechFreedom's anti-regulation message; in the Sunlight Foundation's analysis of the FCC's net neutrality comments, only 5 percent expressed opposition to stronger rules. Still, as a second-mover, TechFreedom isn't starting from zero. It's already learning how to fight like the other side.
Brian Fung covers technology for The Washington Post.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business/technology, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409936805/1409936805000/1409936805 tracking: {authors=Brian Fung, blog_name=the-switch, content_category=Business/technology, in_url_headline=opponents-of-net-neutrality-have-begun-some-grassroots-organizing-of-their-own, post_id=31582, section={section=business/technology, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 5:06:45 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 5:06:45 PM

India signs civil nuclear agreement with AustraliaIndia signs civil nuclear agreement with Australia
Our Bureau
PTI Prime Minister Narendra Modi with his Australian Counterpart Tony Abbott, during their meeting in New Delhi on Friday.
New Delhi, September 5:  
India will now be in a position to secure uranium from Australia to meet its energy requirements, with the two countries inking a bilateral civil nuclear agreement on Friday. The deal was announced by visiting Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott, after talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi late on Friday.
Talks have been under way since Australia lifted a long-standing ban on selling uranium to power-starved India in 2012. The fact that India had already signed civil nuclear agreements with the US and Canada made things easier. The Australian deal took just 18 months to negotiate after former Prime Minister Julia Gillard overturned her party’s previous policy of not selling to a non-signatory to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
Emphasising that India was a “fully functioning democracy with the rule of law”, Abbott had said that “if Australia was prepared to sell uranium to Russia then “surely we ought to be prepared to provide uranium to India, under suitable safeguards.” Abbott had earlier stressed that Australia would ensure adequate safeguards.
After the failure to conclude a civil nuclear deal with Japan during Modi’s visit to that country, the pact with Australia will boost India’s energy sector.
Meagre capacity
India operates 20 nuclear reactors, mostly small, at six sites, with a capacity of 4,780 MW. This accounts for a meagre 2 per cent of overall capacity, according to the Nuclear Power Corporation of India. The Government hopes to increase the nuclear capacity to 63,000 MW by 2032 by adding about 30 reactors, at a cost of $85 billion.
Australia, which has no nuclear power plants of its own, holds 31 per cent of the world’s uranium reserves and is one of the top exporters of the commodity. According to official data, it mined 7,529 tonnes of uranium, worth A$782 million, in 2011-12. Four Memoranda of Understanding (MoUs) were signed between the two nations. The first related to peaceful use of nuclear energy. The agreement outlines Australia’s role not just as a reliable long-term supplier of uranium to India but also the production of radio isotopes and nuclear safety. MoUs on water resources management, cooperation in technical education and training, and exchange programmes in sports were also signed.
Historic Milestone: Modi
Prime Minister Narendra Modi termed the nuclear deal as a “historic milestone that shows a new level of trust” and said he would undertake a bilateral visit to Australia, the first by an Indian PM since 1986, after the G-20 meeting in Brisbane in November.
With bilateral trade declining, Modi said both countries were committed to an early conclusion of a Comprehensive Economic Cooperation. “India has scrupulously dotted the Is and crossed the Ts in every international agreement,” said Abbott. He also announced that the CECA will be finalised by next year, saying, “we owe it to our people”.
Modi also invited investments in the infrastructure and hi-tech sectors. There were vast possibilities to increase trade ties with Australia, he felt. Abbott stated that the country would provide speedy clearance to Indian investments in pipelines. Modi also the two countries would hold their first joint naval exercise next year.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Angry Joan Rivers fans have taken to Yelp to trash the clinic that killed herBy Caitlin Dewey September 5 Follow @caitlindewey
Comedian Joan Rivers in November 2008. (Reuters/Molly Riley)
Joan Rivers was 81, and not in pristine health, when she went into a cardiac arrest during an outpatient procedure at a Manhattan clinic last week. But regardless of the actual circumstances of her death — the New York Department of Health is conducting a routine investigation — some of the comedienne’s many fans have already decided who’s to blame.
“This is the place that killed Joan Rivers,” one reviewer wrote on Yelp. “Don’t go there unless you have a death wish.”
(Yelp)
“There” is Yorkville Endoscopy , a gastroenterology surgical center that — until Thursday! — had nary a Yelp review. But as of Friday morning, anyone Googling the clinic would see that it averages a measly three stars , not exactly the kind of score to inspire confidence when you’re going under the knife. Half the ratings — the low ones — come from outraged Rivers fans; the other half come from either actual patients of the clinic, or concerned Yelpers weighing in on its behalf.
“Yelp is for the purpose of reviewing YOUR PERSONAL EXPERIENCE, not bashing a business that has a high profile,” one woman in California complained. “Until all the facts are in, people need to stop pointing fingers and trying to ruin a business based on their emotions to a very tragic loss.”
(Yelp)
This is, incidentally, a fairly common criticism of Yelp, the massive reviews site that invites anonymous customers to rate their experiences with businesses. Yelp and its devotees claim the site empowers consumers to make educated choices about where they eat, shop and, apparently, have throat surgery. Business-owners who fare poorly on the site, of course, claim it’s an unaccountable lynch mob that ruins reputations and livelihoods at whim. (According to a 2011 study from the Harvard Business School, a one-star drop in a Yelp rating equals a five to nine percent decline in revenue.)
(Yelp)
Of course, it’s not unusual for high-profile businesses to get trolled on Yelp, and the site has worked pretty hard to prevent that kind of behavior. Of the 940 reviews left for Amy’s Baking Company — the restaurant at the center of a 2013 reality-show scandal — more than 600 are hidden on suspicion of being fake. As of this writing, about a quarter of the reviews on Yorkville Endoscopy’s page have likewise been downplayed.
That has not, however, stopped the page from devolving into a debate on the medical sense of giving anesthesiology at an outpatient center, or the ethics of bashing a business before all the facts come out.
“I’m just suggesting it would be prudent to hold off on any appointments until more information is released and verified,” one reviewer wrote. “Just common sense.”
(Yelp)
… the same sense might apply to writing Yelp reviews, too.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=lifestyle, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409938312/1409938312000/1409938312 tracking: {authors=Caitlin Dewey, blog_name=the-intersect, content_category=Lifestyle, in_url_headline=angry-joan-rivers-fans-have-taken-to-yelp-to-trash-the-clinic-that-killed-her, post_id=2852, section={section=lifestyle, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 5:31:52 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 5:31:52 PM

Thomas Pynchon made a personal edit to his lines on The Simpsons out of loyalty to HomerBy Justin Bank September 5 Follow @bankonjustin
“The Simpsons” has hosted hundreds of guest stars  to voice characters or themselves over the course of its epic 25-year run. Show executives recently shared the story of how one was bold enough to change his lines to defend the honor of one of the characters.
Thomas Pynchon is a celebrated novelist who has kept a famously low personal profile  since shooting to the top of the literary world with his 1974  National Book Award . He’s also, apparently, an unabashed homer for Homer Simpson.
During last week’s FXX “Simpsons” marathon, the show’s executive producer Matt Selman tweeted out an image of a marked up script that Pynchon faxed back with changes to lines that made derisive comments about Homer’s derriere. At the bottom of the page, Pynchon scrawled out, “Sorry guys, Homer is my role model and I can’t speak ill of him.”
The fax sent to us by Thomas Pynchon with his jokes written on the script page pic.twitter.com/wL8Nm6R92I
— Matt Selman (@mattselman) August 28, 2014
The script is from the season 16 episode, “ Alls Fair in Oven War ,” where the cartoon Pynchon is munching on some of Marge’s gourmet chicken wings.
Selman has previously written for Time Magazine about the experience of working with Pynchon and described him as sounding “like a New York Grampa. Gruff but sweet. Good guy.”

Dude Surfwear company wipes out 28%EMAIL
Getty
Shares of Quiksilver (ZQK) , one of the biggest and most recognizable makers of surfwear, are down nearly 30% Friday after the company’s disappointing quarterly results.
The company late Thursday reported a loss of $222.2 million on 12% lower revenue of $395.7 million. The company blamed changes to its supply chain that results in product being shipped late to retailers that sell its goods.
The quarterly loss is just the latest sign of how choppy the waters have gotten for the retailer. The company has posted adjusted per-share losses in the past five straight consecutive quarters, says S&P Capital IQ.
And if the company’s losses look gnarly, the stock is absolutely horrific.  Shares of Quiksilver are down 77% this year. That’s a wipeout that just hard to watch.
Chart source: MSN Money

What The Economist could have read before suggesting that U.S. slavery wasnt all badBy Chris Blattman September 5 Follow @cblatts
A sugar plantation on the island of Réunion in the late 1800s by Henri Georgi (Wikipedia/Public domain)
On Friday, The Economist retracted a book review that went soft on slavery. But the review of Edward Baptist’s book, “The Half Has Never Been Told” wasn’t just racially insensitive, it was soft on evidence, too.
Here’s the uncontroversial part of the review:
Mr Baptist, an historian at Cornell University, is not being especially contentious when he says that America owed much of its early growth to the foreign exchange, cheaper raw materials and expanding markets provided by a slave-produced commodity. But he overstates his case when he dismisses “the traditional explanations” for America’s success: its individualistic culture, Puritanism, the lure of open land and high wages, Yankee ingenuity and government policies.
Nothing in history (least of all the growth of the largest economy humankind has ever known) has a single explanation. Academics like to overstate their case and need to be reined in a little. Fair enough. But here’s the jawdropping finale that made The Economist apologize for the whole article:
…Slave owners surely had a vested interest in keeping their “hands” ever fitter and stronger to pick more cotton. Some of the rise in productivity could have come from better treatment. Unlike Mr Thomas, Mr Baptist has not written an objective history of slavery. Almost all the blacks in his book are victims, almost all the whites villains. This is not history; it is advocacy.
Here’s the thing: Behind the terrible last couple of sentences, there are actually some legitimate questions that historians, political scientists and economists have grappled with for a long time: How much American wealth can be traced to slavery? How profitable was forced labor? And when is violence the best way to incentivize workers (and what could stop it)? This isn’t just a historical debate. Coerced labor is happening now: with child labor, the worst sweatshops, army conscription, and the exploitation of migrant workers. So the answers matter.
Fortunately, there’s now some hard data. With the help of economic historian Suresh Naidu , I’ve pulled together a sample of useful articles.
First, when do employers use the lash, and does it work?
Violence and pain motivate the people who have really bad options, or who are really easily controlled—like children, the least educated, or illegal immigrants. You see this pattern  in child labor during British industrialization , or  even in child soldiering in Uganda . From one of us (Blattman), here’s a graph of how long someone stayed with a rebel army in Uganda based on his age of conscription. The paper argues that the people you can threaten and indoctrinate most easily (in this case, kids) stay the longest before then run away.
But adults and people with half decent outside options will tend to escape if you use violence, so slavery and serfdom work best when the overlords control the legal system or can hunt you down. You see this with  servants in 19th century Britain  or with  European feudalism and U.S. slavery . Basically, you can use the lash to increase output, but you have to make those outside options really terrible. You us an informal police state erected to hunt down fugitives, and you arm yourself against slave rebellions. All the maintain the value of your assets — the slaves.
When you make it harder for employers to use force, wages go up. You see this  in 19th century Puerto Rico  coffee growing,  or in the Emirates today . Regulations that make it easier for employees to quit or get another job, or punish employees for violence, increase worker wages. Violence is a substitute for pay increases.
It’s not unusual to see employers use a mix of rewards and coercion. For instance, in the  child soldiering paper , rewards are more likely for the people who can run away, and they’re also useful (with violence) if you’re trying to indoctrinate and brainwash.
And when you turn the entire system against them, yes, whipped people work harder. Here’s an unpublished graph one of us (Naidu) created from one U.S. plantation. It shows the correlation between the number of whippings a slave received and her productivity at cotton picking. The lash works.
So a moral of the story is that yes, rewards can be a substitute for violence, but in a coercive labor market, better pay or food is just service to the larger evil plan to enslave more people more profitably.
The record also shows that slaveowners have more than just economic incentives for abuse. In the United States, the law and rights given to slaveowners increased the scope for baser motives. Just as employers can get away with more sexual harassment or hazardous workplace practices when the job market is bad, slaveowners took full advantage of their slaves’ bodies when they wanted to, precisely because the law of the land gave them so many rights and privileges over these “assets”.
Finally, what about the long-term consequences of slavery? Does the United States owe its wealth and prestige to slavery?
On the one hand, absolutely. Take a look at New York. It’s hard to believe it would be the world’s financial capital if for hundreds of years it hadn’t trafficked in slaves coming in from Africa, or the sugar and cotton going out. The fortunes of many of the country’s largest universities, companies, and families were made on slavery — a repugnant fact, even if you think they could have made just as much money doing something else.
On the other hand, we can try to compare places that had more or less slavery in the past, and see whether one is wealthier as a result. In the long run, the answer seems to be that slavery is a drag on growth and equality. For example:

Texas Holdem cant be played in Idahos tribal casinos  judge rulesBy Hunter Schwarz September 5
The Coeur d’Alene Casino in northern Idaho. (via Coeur D’alene Casino )
A federal judge ruled Friday that a tribal casino in northern Idaho had to stop offering Texas Hold’em, saying it violated the state’s gambling laws.
The Coeur d’Alene tribe’s casino in Worely, Idaho, must stop offering Texas Hold’em, U.S. District Judge Lynn Winmill said, despite the tribe’s argument that it is a “bona fide contest of skill” and therefore exempt from the tribe’s agreements with the state under the federal Indian Gaming Regulatory Act, Gov. Butch Otter’s (R) office said in a statement. Winmill ruled that the game contained elements of chance, making it illegal in the state.
“When a poker player is dealt a hand, chance determines how good or bad that hand will be,” Winmill wrote in his decision. “There is no skill involved in that part of the game — ever.”
A spokesman for the Coeur d’Alene Casino did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
“The legislature and the people of Idaho have made it clear what kind of gambling they will accept,” Otter said in a statement. “That does not include poker. And no matter how much the Tribe insists otherwise, Texas Hold’em is poker.”
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409944731/1409944731000/1409944731 tracking: {authors=Hunter Schwarz, blog_name=govbeat, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=texas-holdem-cant-be-played-in-idahos-tribal-casinos-judge-rules, post_id=14980, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 7:18:51 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 7:18:51 PM

The link between Architecture in Helsinki and the Silver LineBy Lori Aratani September 5 Follow @loriara
What does “Architecture in Helsinki” have to do with the Silver Line?
Turns out the Australian indie pop band’s song “Escapee” provided the soundtrack for the Silver Line ad campaign , which featured folks dancing their way to a Silver Line train (just as we all do).
Here’s the original video for the song that was released in 2011.
And just for comparison here’s the Metro version.
Lori Aratani writes about how people live, work and play in the D.C. region for The Post’s Transportation and Development team.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=local, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409946740/1409946740000/1409946740 tracking: {authors=Lori Aratani, blog_name=dr-gridlock, content_category=Local, in_url_headline=what-does-architecture-in-helsinki-have-to-do-with-the-silver-line, post_id=29609, section={section=local, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 7:52:20 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 7:52:20 PM

MAP: Russias expanding empire in Ukraine and elsewhereBy Ishaan Tharoor September 5 Follow @ishaantharoor
A cease-fire negotiated in Minsk, capital of Belarus, between Ukrainian forces and pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine went into effect Friday. Fighting has raged through the summer in the regions of Donetsk and Luhansk, industrial hotbeds near the border with Russia, leading to thousands of deaths. "The highest value is human life, and we must do everything possible to stop the bloodshed and put an end to suffering," Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said in a statement.
Throughout the crisis, Moscow has been accused by officials in Kiev and the West of arming and abetting the rebels. Last week, NATO presented satellite imagery claiming that Russia had sent in its own forces into the country.
It's unclear how long this cease-fire will last. But in the brief quiet, it's worth noting how Russia is establishing new facts on the ground. President Vladimir Putin has made no secret of his dreams of a greater Russia, wrapped up in a Soviet nostalgia that is gaining traction among Russians.
Earlier this year, Russia annexed Crimea in a swift takeover involving paramilitary forces stationed with its Black Sea Fleet. It then staged a referendum it had no chance of losing, given that the majority of the peninsula's population is pro-Russian.
Crimea joined a series of post-Soviet "gray areas" scattered around Europe where local breakaway governments have turned into de facto Russian client states. Abkhazia and South Ossetia, bolstered in their separatist ambitions following Georgia's war with Russia in 2008, exist beyond the authority of Tblisi. The sliver of land that is Transnistria, a breakaway republic on the Ukrainian border with Moldova, is perpetually fetishized  by Western media as the last corner of the Soviet Union.
If the rebel-held territory in the eastern Ukrainian regions Donetsk and Luhansk remain autonomous or in separatist hands, it would mark Moscow's most considerable gains yet. This is Ukraine's industrial heartland and a key wing of the mythic project of Novorossiya , a Russian imperialist vision for its domains by the Black Sea that dates back to the 18th century.
The question now, Putin's critics contend , is where will he look next?
Ishaan Tharoor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. He previously was a senior editor at TIME, based first in Hong Kong and later in New York.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=world, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=5, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=5, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409943564/1409943564000/1409943564 tracking: {authors=Ishaan Tharoor, blog_name=worldviews, content_category=World, in_url_headline=map-russias-expanding-empire-in-ukraine-and-elsewhere, post_id=37026, section={section=world, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 6:59:24 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 6:59:24 PM

MAP: Islamic States brutal massacres in Syria and IraqBy Swati Sharma September 5 Follow @swatigauri
Over the past three months, fighters from the Islamic State have targeted cities and areas in northern Iraq and Syria and massacred soldiers and residents, especially those belonging to minority tribes and other Muslim sects and religions. Here's a breakdown of some of the worst attacks by the radical Sunni group, inspired by al-Qaeda:
CAMP SPEICHER
560 to 770 people killed, according to Human Rights Watch.
The militant group had initially claimed that 1,700 soldiers were slain. The group "posted graphic photos that appeared to show its gunmen massacring scores of Iraqi soldiers after loading the captives onto flatbed trucks and then forcing them to lie face-down in a shallow ditch, their arms tied behind their backs."
MOSUL
670 people killed, according to the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights.
About 1,000-1,500 prisoners from a jail in Mosul were lined up into four rows. The militants asked those who were Sunnis to step aside, then ordered the rest to kneel and opened fire on them.
KIRKUK
Estimates of at least 40 people killed in four villages.
The attacks took place south of Kirkuk, two weeks after the Islamic State captured Mosul, a major Iraqi city. This video below shows tanks that were abandoned by Iraqi soldiers as the militant group made gains.
YAZIDIS
At least 80 members of the minority religion were massacred.
In addition, thousands of other Yazidis were stranded on a mountain in northern Iraq as they tried to escape the al-Qaeda splinter group. President Obama said many were starving, and that their deaths "would constitute genocide."  The plight of the Yazidis prompted the White House to order airstrikes against the Islamic State.
 
TABQA AIR BASE
120 Syrian soldiers who had been captured were subsequently killed, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
The deaths occurred as the Islamic State seized the Tabqa airbase, which was one of the last strongholds of the Syrian army in the northern region of the country.
700 tribesmen in eastern Syria were killed, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
Most belonged to the Shueitat tribe, and were crushed after an attempted uprising against the Islamic State.
Swati G. Sharma is a digital editor for the World and National Security and previously worked for the Opinions section.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=world, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=5, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=5, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409941857/1409941857000/1409941857 tracking: {authors=Swati Sharma, blog_name=worldviews, content_category=World, in_url_headline=map-islamic-states-brutal-massacres-in-syria-and-iraq, post_id=36950, section={section=world, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 6:30:57 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 6:30:57 PM

Maruti Ciaz review: Understated eleganceApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

You re paying more  because of the Internet (Ozy.com)Why you should care
Because the data-drenched economy might not be all good news for your pocketbook.
Sometimes, it’s best not to declare your love out loud. Especially when you’re shopping.
We’ve long brought certain assumptions to shopping, whether for cappuccinos or plane tickets or MP3s. We expect to get a better price when we buy in bulk — after all, that’s the M.O. behind everything from Costco to supersizing. We believe there are perks for frequent patronage. And we’d like to believe that Joe the plumber and Hillary Clinton would pay the same amount for the same beer at the same retailer.
But times are changing, and so are the core precepts of modern consumption. In the data-driven economy, the more you buy, the more you may end up getting charged. The more faithful you are to a certain company, the easier it is for the company to take advantage of your loyalty.
“The old conjecture — through the ’90s — was that Internet shopping would make everybody more price-sensitive,” explains Priya Raghubir, chair of the marketing department at NYU Stern School of Business. Which should get you a better price. But there’s a “more recent phenomenon” at play here, she says: The consumer might be worse off.
The reason is simple, if creepy: Let’s just say that if an auctioneer sees you tripping over yourself to raise your paddle in bid, she’s probably going to charge you more. And in the online world, it’s much easier to witness bidders’ enthusiasm.
The scientists running it? Twenty-something computer science whiz kids in hoodies ‘making some of the highest salaries ever.’
Companies now have more information about you than ever — and not just basic stuff, like your ZIP code and gender, but also granular data, like how often you buy a certain make of harem pants, and whether you comparison shop, and how often you ogle that $750 pair of Louboutins. Industry observers say the trend is most prevalent in the retail industry, but it’s not likely to stop there. Companies are devoting more of their budgets to pricing strategy, including technology and data, and they’ll use it in the name of ever more nuanced discrimination, experts say.
Of course, price discrimination of some sort is as old as the bazaar itself. Sellers have always tried to size up buyers and use the bits of information they glean to set prices. Got an American accent in an Istanbul market? You probably can’t haggle the price down much.
There are online equivalents, most perfectly legal. If you’re shopping from a Manhattan zip code or logging in with a Mac instead of a PC, Orbitz concedes that you’ll pay more for your hotel . Indeed, it’s not hard to find examples of different people paying different prices based on their demographic checkboxes. Airlines and eBay have long been ace at price discrimination, as have many other companies.
What’s new is that the algorithms that gather data are more and more sophisticated, giving companies better tools to discriminate. How you browse the Web tells companies how much you want something. Do you skulk around wistfully? Restock your toilet paper every few weeks? Retailers now know how badly you’re craving their wares.
And savvy corporations hire brainy computer scientists to pore through data all day and reoptimize their prices millions of times a day, says NYU’s Raghubir. ( Amazon, for instance, changes prices 2.5 million times a day .) As a result, companies are beginning to craft more, um, customized prices … just for you.
“This is really like a video game!” she says of complex price testing that turns us all into perpetual lab rats. And the scientists running it all? “These are kids,” she says. Twenty-something computer science whiz kids in hoodies “making some of the highest salaries ever.”
Source: Getty
Company priorities are shifting, too, says Anindya Ghose, a marketing and IT professor at Stern. They once channeled much of their strategy budgets to advertising and marketing. Now they’re redirecting some of those millions to pricing strategy, a “historically underinvested sector,” with investments in technology, data and analysis that help companies reach that sweet spot where you’ll still buy their stuff but they’ll make the most money.
Over the long run, experts say, consumers won’t suffer horribly. Much of the wisdom about Big Data goes something like the logic of mutually assured destruction: Both sides have it, so neither can totally obliterate the other. “Data is making it easier for everybody,” said Jean-Manuel Izaret, a senior partner at the Boston Consulting Group in San Francisco. “In most situations, consumers are winning.”
That doesn’t mean there won’t be a few ground-game scuffles.
The way to beat this trend, ventures Raghubir, is to flirt a bit without showing your want too openly. Be coy. If you’re shopping for flights, for instance — she cites her own effort to buy a ticket to Costa Rica here — browse around. That tells travel websites that you’re price-sensitive and won’t shell out mindlessly.
But there’s a twist: if you end up back at a certain airline too often, you’ll lose your competitive advantage, and it’ll be clear you want to buy. It’s just as if you walked back to a stall in the bazaar after stalking away in indignant hagglers’ protest: Up goes the price.
Raghubir, for her part, thinks this dwindling of consumers’ bulk-advantage is so new that it could still peter out, though. Most people haven’t realized what’s happening yet. But when they do, all hell could break loose, she predicts.
“Just let the first scandal unfold.”
Then, the angry buyers will storm, like a stampede on Black Friday.

Your Take: Tell us about your car!Diane Kollman
1 year ago
Your Take contributions have not been reviewed for accuracy by USATODAY. Contributors agree to our Terms of Service and are responsible for the content of their videos and photos. Please report any content that violates the terms.
More Topics

White lies: That captured albino cobra in California is not an albino at all.By Elahe Izadi September 5 Follow @ElaheIzadi
This image taken from video on Thursday, Sept. 4, 2014 provided by the Los Angeles Zoo shows a deadly cobra being put into quarantine at the Los Angeles Zoo. The cobra mysteriously appeared in a suburban neighborhood and was taken to the Los Angeles Zoo after being spotted and tracked to a backyard woodpile where animal-control officers captured it. (AP Photo/Los Angeles Zoo)
Southern California surely breathed a collective sigh of relief when animal control workers safely captured what they believed to be a venomous albino cobra o n the loose in Thousand Oaks on Thursday afternoon.
But, as it turns out, the white monocled cobra isn’t an albino at all. Nope. You’d think, because it’s white and all. But nuh-uh.
Ian Recchio, curator of reptile and amphibians at the Los Angeles Zoo, tells the Los Angeles Times that the animal is actually leucistic, meaning it lacks all pigment, but has blue eyes instead of the red ones that albinos have.
The cobra is being kept at the zoo in quarantine, zoo spokesperson Ashley Rodriguez told Reuters . It’s not a domesticated species, Recchio said, and it still has its poison glands.
On Monday, the cobra bit a dog that ended up in the hospital (the dog is expected to make a full recovery).
Officials still don’t know how the cobra got out; neighbors think someone owned it, the Times reports. It’s illegal to have such an animal without a permit.
At any rate, here’s a video of a leucistic monocled cobra. As if you weren’t terrified enough:
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post. She can be reached at elahe.izadi@washpost.com and on Twitter @ ElaheIzadi .
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409953896/1409953896000/1409953896 tracking: {authors=Elahe Izadi, blog_name=post-nation, content_category=National, in_url_headline=white-lies-that-captured-albino-cobra-in-california-is-not-an-albino-at-all, post_id=11114, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 9:51:36 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 9:51:36 PM

There might be no such thing as a free lunchnot even at Google or Facebook.By Roberto A. Ferdman September 5 Follow @robferdman
Behind Google's food counters lies a tricky area of corporate tax law. (Ted S. Warren/AP Photo)
Silicon Valley might be famous for its free cafeterias, but behind all those fancy food spreads is a burgeoning corporate tax question: Are the Googles and Facebooks of the country using those perks to capitalize on undue tax breaks?
The Internal Revenue Service, for its part, is certainly asking that question. The U.S. tax agency has become increasingly interested in the tax-exempt luxury that is the free work lunch.
"It's definitely an area the IRS is auditing," Thomas M. Cryan Jr., a Washington employment-tax attorney at Buchanan Ingersoll & Rooney PC, told the Wall Street Journal on Monday .
Google's lavish lunches--featuring such items in the past as foie gras egg rolls and fresh oysters--have become the envy of workers everywhere at companies that don't offer such perks. Local restaurant chefs are often contracted to whip up meals for the staff, and daily menus are emailed out to entire buildings ahead of the noon-time rush.
But these free lunches fall into a legal grey area. Food provided by employers, even when it is provided daily, is allowed to remain untaxed so long as it not a form of compensation, and is served for "the convenience of the employer." Both distinctions are ripe for interpretation, which makes for a particularly slippery area of corporate tax law.
Some tax experts and critics warn that the tax code might afford an unfair advantage to some employers, who can more easily lure candidates by offering something akin to compensation that is not taxed, as opposed to someone's salary or bonus. It also could be reducing the country's tax collection to the tune of millions of dollars, if not more.
Companies currently enjoying the tax exemption are likely to argue that the act of offering free lunch carries a number of benefits, including shorter lunch breaks, healthier food options, and the ability to quarantine sensitive business discussions. "They don’t want their people leaving, particularly if they have to get in cars and go find a place,” Marianna Dyson, a tax lawyer at Miller & Chevalier in Washington, told Bloomberg on Thursday . “They’re gone longer. They lose time. They lose the opportunity to be in a setting where they’re talking together."
But it's unclear if those arguments will continue to hold. The IRS has made it clear that it views the issue as a problem—the agency listed the activity among its administrative priorities for this year. That could be bad news for the tech industry, which has relied on such perks to lure top notch employees. "If they're in there auditing, and you're not taxing the meals, they're going to challenge you on it," Cyan  told the Wall Street Journal back in April. "I have worked on audits for large tech companies in Silicon Valley on this exact issue."
Theoretically speaking, the employees who have been enjoying free food could soon find themselves facing piles of back taxes on those meals, but what's more likely is that the IRS, in the event it chooses to collect that money, will come knocking on employers' coffers for the money the government is owed, since companies traditionally collect income and payroll taxes as part of an employees paycheck.
Whether this heightened interest spells the beginning of the end for tax-free meals remains to be seen, but there's reason to believe the industry might still manage to offer the lunchtime perks, even if it has to fork over a bit more in taxes to do so. It's not difficult, for instance, to imagine a scenario where companies charge for the food, albeit at wholesale, and then compensate for those costs in the form of taxable raises.
Roberto A. Ferdman is a reporter for Wonkblog covering food, economics, immigration and other things. He was previously a staff writer at Quartz.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409957535/1409957535000/1409957535 tracking: {authors=Roberto A. Ferdman, blog_name=wonkblog, content_category=Business, in_url_headline=there-may-be-no-such-thing-as-a-free-lunch-not-even-at-google-or-facebook, post_id=100233, section={section=business, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 10:52:15 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 10:52:15 PM

World of Warcraft gives Robin Williams an Aladdin-quoting tributeBy Abby Ohlheiser September 5 Follow @abbyohlheiser
(Used with permission from WoWhead)
After weeks of speculation, a group of World of Warcraft players stumbled across an “Aladdin”-quoting genie tribute to Robin Williams in a test version of the game.
Gamers at the WoWhead fan site discovered the character on Thursday, when a user named Haldhur posted an image of the genie and its coordinates on the expansive role-playing game’s world map. Thus ended weeks of searching prompted by game maker Blizzard’s promise to include a Williams tribute following the actor’s death in August.
. @robinwilliams Thank you. You gave us so much joy in our lives, and we hope you enjoyed your time in our world. We’ll see you in-game.
— World of Warcraft (@Warcraft) August 13, 2014
The blue genie, named “Robin,” emerges from an “Ever-Burning Lamp” when players interact with the object. Then, the genie quotes one of the best lines from “Aladdin’s” Williams-voiced genie character in the 1994 film: “INFINITE COSMIC POWER!” he says, before shrinking, waving and adding, “itty-bitty living space.”
(Used with permission from WoWhead)
While he’s not yet available in the current version of World of Warcraft, players with access to the beta version of the upcoming Warlords of Draenor expansion pack can visit and interact with him.
And they have been, in droves, according to WowHead site director Alexis Kusy. Hours after Kusy posted several of her own screenshots of the genie and its location, she signed back into the game to find “a crowd of people paying tribute to him,” she told The Post. Users, through their avatars, were “saluting” and “bowing” to the genie, she added.
On a WoWhead character page for “Robin,” fans have left hundreds of heartfelt comments about Williams and the new character. “And there start the feels,” one user wrote, adding: “I’m going to visit him daily.”
Blizzard hasn’t said much about the Williams tribute aside from the fact that it would happen, eventually. But Kusy and her fellow WoWheads have uncovered a few other clues indicating that there might be more to Warcraft’s Williams tribute.
Sometimes, World of Warcraft fans are able to find possible new features before they appear in the actual game with a process called data-mining. That, essentially, involves combing through all of the files Blizzard sends out when they update the game on a weekly basis.
Those files often contain information — like, say, new objects and characters — that don’t yet appear on in the game to its players, but will in the future. “It’s kind of like a sneak preview,” Kusy explained.
A few weeks ago, through this process, users found evidence of two other versions of the “Robin” character that appear to be references to “Mork and Mindy” and “Mrs. Doubtfire.” These versions don’t yet appear in the game. But this is what they look like:
(Used with permission from WoWhead)
Some other clues are plainly visible: Next to the genie in the beta version are a large egg and a couple of stuffed animals and tanks, which Kusy speculates might end up as Mork and “Toys” references, respectively:
(Used with permission from WoWhead)
(Used with permission from WoWhead)
Williams was an avid gamer ; his daughter Zelda is even named after the character from the Nintendo series of games.
He’d spoken of playing World of Warcraft and its predecessor, Warcraft III. That’s, in part, why fans petitioned both Blizzard and Nintendo to include tributes to Williams. (Nintendo, unlike Blizzard, hasn’t indicated that it’s working on incorporating a Williams tribute into its games anytime soon.)
And that’s why the genie is striking a chord with so many fans, even though the commercial version of the new World of Warcraft expansion doesn’t even come out until November. Kusy, reflecting the feelings of many gamers, said that Williams was “one of us.”
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=lifestyle, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409952195/1409952195000/1409952195 tracking: {authors=Abby Ohlheiser, blog_name=style-blog, content_category=Lifestyle, in_url_headline=world-of-warcraft-gives-robin-williams-an-aladdin-quoting-tribute, post_id=33078, section={section=lifestyle, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 9:23:15 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 9:23:15 PM

Rahul  Smriti go all out to show they are best suited for AmethiRahul, Smriti go all out to show they are best suited for Amethi
Umesh Raghuvanshi , Hindustan Times  Amethi, September 06, 2014
First Published: 00:14 IST(6/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:19 IST(6/9/2014)
Comments
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi raised expectations about development in Amethi after wrapping up a two-day tour on Friday, but that hasn’t deterred the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) from trying to make inroads into the Gandhi family borough.
Senior BJP leaders say Union minister for human resources development Smriti Irani, who lost to Gandhi in the Lok Sabha election, has submitted development proposals for Amethi as the party works on a strategy to win over people in the constituency.
 “Smriti Irani has decided to deploy two officials at Gauriganj, the district headquarters, to take care of people’s problems. We have been asked to search for a building where they can work,” said Govind Singh, the BJP’s Amethi vice-resident.
The BJP is hoping to take advantage of the fact that Rahul cannot push any new projects with the Union government’s help as the Congress has been voted out of power.
Rahul already has a strong office network in Amethi. Apart from Congress units in all villages, his representatives are always available at Munshiganj to follow up on the problems of the people.
He has been talking of his vision for the constituency, saying he wants to develop the region as an educational hub and connect local farmers with the world market to ensure local agricultural products are sold at a better price.
BJP leaders have also begun speaking the same language now. “Irani wants to make Amethi an educational hub. She wants to set up a women’s university and bring more educational institutions here,” said Uma Shankar Pandey, who worked as Irani’s poll agent in the general election.
Rahul has gone to Amethi three times since the Lok Sabha election. Irani, on the other hand, has been only once after losing the poll but BJP leaders say she may visit this month or next month.

Amit Shah warns bickering Maharashtra BJP leaders: Narendra Modi watching  no excusesApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Paying Anurag Kashyap backcinema
Sudhish Kamath caught up with director Karthik Subbaraj in Mumbai where his much-acclaimed Tamil film Jigarthanda got a special screening
Pretty much every movie buff I knew in Mumbai, whether they followed Tamil cinema or not, wanted to see Karthik Subbaraj’s Jigarthanda after the rave reviews it opened to in Chennai. More so because this was the second film from the guy who made the original Pizza (that was remade into Hindi). Unfortunately, though, the film released a week late and without subtitles for some inexplicable reason. It went off theatres in a couple of weeks. In fact, a critic friend who drove 20 km to catch it the first-day first-show in a suburb was so upset at the absence of subtitles that he walked out in 10 minutes. Most movie buffs decided to wait for the DVD.
A few days later, Karthik Subbaraj made amends. An old friend of his, Pavan Narendra, took the initiative and organised a special screening in Mumbai. The show was sold out. Besides Karthik, Simha, Gavemic Ary (cinematographer) and Vivek Harshan (editor) were also there. And, as late as it was after the almost three-hour film, the audience stayed back another half hour to chat with the Jigarthanda gang.
While the first half of the film — especially that meaty mid-portion — is undoubtedly the finest hour of Indian cinema this year, it was the second half that polarised audiences when the gangster film becomes a full-blown comedy.
“But that was exactly what I started out to do. The idea of a filmmaker who is forced to cast a gangster in his biopic was what appealed to me,” Karthik defends. He had read that most filmmakers making gangster films had felt the need to meet gangsters they were inspired by. “Mani Ratnam did it for Nayakan and Selvaraghavan for Pudhupettai.”
It was during his interactions with dreaded gangsters for one of his early short films that the thought had crossed Karthik’s mind: What if one of them wanted to play himself on the big screen and insisted on it with a gun to his head?
“That — when he realises that he has to now make a film with the gangster in the lead — was initially the planned interval point, but at the edit table, we thought this would work better,” he admits.
Jigarthanda is full of tributes and movie references to delight movie buffs. But not all of them were intended, he clarified. The iconic Pyaasa frame in the climax of the film is pure co-incidence. Both the director and the cinematographer haven’t even seen Pyaasa, they admit, when I point it out. Maybe they should say it was intentional because it seems planned and executed with meticulous design as a tribute to one of the most uncompromising films ever made.
Karthik is not one to shy away from admitting his influences. He loves Quentin Tarantino. He loves Sergio Leone. He loves Scorsese. He loves Mani Ratnam. He loves Anurag Kashyap. These were the obvious and intended references.
“I even wanted Mani Ratnam sir to play the role of the director in the climax scene, but he wasn’t willing to appear on screen,” he says. He remembers not being all that impressed by Gangs of Wasseypur till he watched both parts together on DVD. But admits it was one of the films the crew was excited by when they were making Jigarthanda. That’s how Karthik and Oorni wake up to ‘Kaala Re’ on TV and Sounder imitating Faizal in their house. It was his chance to pay back Kashyap who had dedicated Gangs of Wasseypur to the Madurai triumvirate of directors — Bala, Ameer and Sasikumar.
Karthik’s Madurai is a lot more modern than the ones we have seen on screen. “This is where I grew up and this is the Madurai I wanted to show on screen.”
Karthik lived in the U.S. for five years, working with an indie filmmaker for a couple of years, before starting out making short films. Nalaya Iyakkunar gave him the first break. He lost out only to Nalan Kumarasamy (director of Soodhu Kavvum), one of his closest friends (who appears as himself in the first scene of Jigarthanda, in the elimination round of the reality contest). The two make cameos in each other’s films. Jigarthanda was the first script he wrote, but Pizza was that quick film he made to not lose an opportunity (As the line in his film goes: An opportunity is like a guardian angel. If you entertain her, she will keep coming back. If you disappoint her, you will never see her again). Jigarthanda needed the scale and you can see why in all the painstakingly crafted frames during the largely outdoor mid-portion of the film drenched in rain.
The crew came over to my place for the after party and the conversation about films went on till 7 a.m. A lot of it is off the record. Suffice to say that it was my turn to make pizza for Karthik.

Fix supply-side issues to control inflation:...100 days of Modi govt
(I would prefer to wait for…)
ET Now caught up with Bibek Debroy of the Centre for Policy Research for his take on the 100 days of the Modi government. Excerpts:
ET Now: The first 100 days of Modi Sarkar are over. Are you cautiously optimistic? Perhaps it's too early to celebrate just yet?
Bibek Debroy: It is a bit too early to celebrate because we still do not have sufficient evidence of investment intentions actually turning into investments. I would prefer to wait for one more quarter before one says that the economy is definitely on an upswing.
ET Now: Do you believe it was an error on the part of the Finance Minister to go and stick to the 4.1% fiscal deficit target when he actually had the elbowroom?
Bibek Debroy: The Finance Minister took a call that a wider fiscal deficit would have led to negative reactions, including on the part of the rating agencies. My belief is as growth requires public expenditure and a plan on capital investments, he should have had a larger fiscal deficit target of about 4.5% of GDP, supported by a credible medium-term fiscal policy plan of reducing that. But obviously, the Finance Minister had his own reasons for taking the call.
ET Now: Do you believe India's banking system is at a systemic risk, and there is too much concern that one needs to give as far as banking is concerned?
Bibek Debroy: We had a very clear distinction between banks and development finance institutions at one point in time. These institutions used to lend for the long term, but in the course of reforms, we blurred the difference between the two. Banks have now begun to lend for long-term projects and some of these projects are definitely going to be unviable in the short run. So I agree with what you are saying and would also say that part of the problem is due to the fact that we have not been looking at infrastructure projects.
ET Now: Is the government close to winning the battle against inflation?
Bibek Debroy: There are very few short-term fixes to address the inflation issue. Yes, you may do various things with the food grains you hold in stocks, but fundamentally, we have got supply-side problems. One of the reasons why the inflation numbers are looking a bit respectable is because of the base. As a trend, inflation will continue to be high because demand is high. Therefore, until the supply-side problems are addressed, I do not think inflation as an issue is going to go away. All that will happen is that the numbers will look a little bit more respectable.
ET Now: When this government came into office, expectations were really high that there will be ground-breaking reforms, but what they are essentially doing is they are trying to unclog the system. Are you a votary of that strategy?
Bibek Debroy: The attitudes of people, who propagated big-bang reforms, have probably changed a little bit post the budget speech. My diagnosis is that the reactions have become a bit more favourable. It is a completely different thing to suggest big-bang reforms for areas where states are the main players.
 
So, one ought not to expect a sudden scrapping of the chapter V-B of the Industrial Disputes Act or the repeal of all the labour laws. Those expectations would be unrealistic. By and large, most people would now recognise that the Finance Minister has decided to wait till the next budget for pushing through things like GST and DTC. When most people now talk of big-bang reforms, they do not have in mind thinks like FDI in retail. What they are probably talking about is GST.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Eastern Railway goods traffic earnings in April-August at Rs 2 052 crEastern Railway goods traffic earnings in April-August at Rs 2,052 cr
Abhishek Law
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept 6:  
Eastern Railway (ER) reported a 25 per cent increase in goods traffic earnings to over Rs 2,052 crore for the five-month period between April to August of 2014-15.
Earnings for the same period last fiscal stood at Rs 1,642 crore.
A bulk of its earnings during this five-month period, nearly 69 per cent or approximately Rs 1,411 crore, came from loading coal rakes.
Freight loading
According to the Railways, freight loading during the period stood at over 26.18 million tonnes, an increase of nearly 10 per cent.
Coal loading, which accounted for 69 per cent or 18 million tonnes of the total freight loading for the April to August period, increased by approximately 11 per cent.
“This quantum jump in both freight loading and earnings in the current year is due to loading of coal rakes for long distances,” ER said in a release.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)

Centre to fund special rhino protection force to save Kaziranga rhinos:JavadekarEnvironment Minister Prakash Javadekar travelling on a boat inside the Kaziranga National Park on Friday. (source: PTI Photo)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 6, 2014 4:47 pm
The Centre would fund setting up a Special Rhino Protection Force (SRPF) for protecting one-horned rhinos in Kaziranga National Park and other rhino habitats in Assam, union forest and environment minister Prakash Javadekar said on Saturday. He also said that the Centre would look towards covering more rhino-poaching cases by the CBI.
Winding up his two-day visit to Assam during which he concentrated only on protecting rhinos, Javadekar told a press conference that the Centre was for “zero-tolerance” towards rhino poaching and asked the Congress government in the state to be more pro-active in this regard. He visited Kaziranga along with Assam Forest Minister Rakibul Hussain on Friday and also listened to public grievances there.
“This Special Rhino Protection Force, fully funded by the Centre, will essentially comprise of local youth knows the rhino habitat and has access to lot of vital information regarding rhinos and movement of suspicious people close to Kaziranga. The government also believes in increasing community participation in protecting wildlife and forests. After all it is the local community which gets most affected,” Javadekar said.
As many as 22 rhinos have been killed by poachers in Assam in the current year, while forest guards too have gunned down 20 poachers in the past eight months, Javadekar said. Twenty-four poachers on the other hand have been apprehended since January, he said. “Poaching has to be brought down to zero,” he added.
The minister also announced that the Centre would constitute a task force that would hold a series of consultations with all stakeholders in the next six months and come out with a comprehensive strategy to protect rhinos and wipe out poaching. The government would also ensure that six animal corridors that Kaziranga animals use would also be made free of human obstruction soon.
On the demand for handing over all rhino-poaching cases to the CBI, Javadekar said since two cases are already with the agency, he would find out whether more cases could be brought under its purview. “I will soon find out from the CBI if it could expand the scope of its probe and take up some of the glaring cases for investigation,” he said.
Terming his trip to Assam as “mission rhino”, Javadekar also asked the state government to ensure eviction of all encroachers from inside national parks, wildlife sanctuaries and reserved forests. “Development and environment protection have to go hand in hand,” he said. The union minister had said in Kaziranga that the BJP government intended to increase the country’s forest cover from the existing 24 per cent to at least 33 per cent in the next 10-15 years.
Admitting that he was surprised at the overwhelming demand by the people for protecting rhinos, Javadekar said the people of Assam were totally committed continued…

Charlie Hunnam is face of Calvin Kleins newfragrancePress Trust of India | London | Posted: September 6, 2014 4:38 pm
‘Sons Of Anarchy’ star Charlie Hunnam has been announced as the face of Calvin Klein’s new fragrance.
The 34-year-old actor fronts the brand’s new ad campaign for Reveal Men, which is described as having notes of pear brandy, crystallised ginger and golden amber, and is set to be released next February, reported Contactmusic.
Hunnam who said he loved the luxury and glamour of the campaign shoot which was a world away from filming a movie in some less than welcoming locations. “Everyone always thinks the film business is so glamorous, and it really isn’t at all. Most of the time I’m up at 5 am working outside in the beating sun from sunrise to sunset in some dusty hell of a location.
“I mean, I love the business, but it’s not at all glamorous. The fashion and fragrance (world) is all about capturing the idea of aspirational living, the most extreme luxury and glamour that life has to offer,” he said.
Everyone always thinks the film business is so glamorous, and it really isn't at all. Most of the time I'm up at 5 am working outside in the beating sun from sunrise to sunset in some dusty hell of a location.

India gears up for Indian Ocean-wide mock tsunami drillThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Delhi s monthly urban per capita spending highest in countryApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

India open to alternative steps to curb incursions: RajnathSinghPress Trust of India | Jammu | Posted: September 6, 2014 5:17 pm
Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Saturday said India may resort to “alternative steps” if negotiations with neighbours on incursions do not yield fruitful results.
Singh, who is on a day’s tour to Jammu and Kashmir to assess flood situation was asked about incursions by Chinese army in Leh area to which he replied that incursions were happening earlier also.
“Our Jawans are guarding our borders and there will be no let up in the vigil. The government wants to resolve all issues with its neighbours through dialogue but alternative steps can be taken if they don’t believe in negotiations,” Singh said without specifying the neighbouring country.
Jammu and Kashmir has seen incursions from Pakistan as well as China.
When asked whether the centre and the state are on confrontational path following a resolution passed by Jammu and Kashmir Legislative Assembly seeking resumption of dialogue with Pakistan, the Home Minister said there is no confrontation and the centre and state have cordial relations.
Recently, PLA personnel entered Charding Nilu Nullah Junction in Demchok sector on their vehicles claiming it to be Chinese territory, official sources had said.
The PLA soldiers who wanted to have a round of the area were stopped by the Indian army and personnel of Indo Tibetan Border Police, a force which guards the India-China border.
After a 30-minute long stand-off followed by a banner drill where armies of both the countries warned each other against moving a step forward, the PLA personnel returned to their side, the sources said.
Earlier they had entered through Chumar, located 300 km east of Leh, on July 13 only to be confronted by Indian soldiers and after the usual banner drill between the two sides, the PLA patrol went back.
On the western front, Pakistan troops had recently violated the ceasefire by targeting Indian forward posts with small arms and automatic weapons along the LoC.

BJP will not resort to horse-trading to from govt in Delhi:RajnathPress Trust of India | Jammu | Posted: September 6, 2014 5:03 pm
With speculation of BJP being invited to form government in Delhi being rife, Home Minister Rajnath Singh today said a call will be taken once formal proposal is received from the Lt Governor even as he dismissed any attempt to form government by poaching MLAs of other parties.
The Home Minister who is on a day’s trip to the Jammu and Kashmir to assess the flood situation, said Delhi Lt Governor is free to call any party for government formation and BJP is the single largest party.
“If invited we will think about it. BJP does not believe in horse-trading. BJP will never favour a government with horse-trading,” Singh said.
BJP is likely to be invited to form a government in Delhi with Lt Governor Najeeb Jung sending a report to President Pranab Mukherjee seeking permission to call the single largest party to take a shot at power though it is well short of majority in the Assembly.
In his report, Jung gave a detailed analysis of the political situation in the city and underlined the need to have an elected government for Delhi which is under President’s rule since February 17 following resignation of AAP government.
Aam Aadmi Party and Congress have come down hard on Jung for his report and accused him of promoting “horse-trading”.
Last week the parties had cautioned the Lt Governor not to take any “unconstitutional move” by inviting BJP to form government. Both the parties have been demanding immediate dissolution of the Assembly, saying keeping it in suspended animation will encourage horse-trading.

Angel di Maria claims Real Madrid pressurised him to skip World CupfinalAngel di Maria reveals another reason to leave behind Madrid on Saturday as he revealed how he was asked to not to play the World Cup final. (Source: Reuters)
Reuters | Buenos Aires | Posted: September 6, 2014 5:00 pm | Updated: September 6, 2014 5:01 pm
Angel Di Maria has claimed his former club Real Madrid put pressure on Argentina not to play him in the World Cup final in another bitter chapter in his departure from the Spanish giants.
Di Maria joined Manchester United from Real last month for a British record fee of 59.7 million pounds ($97.45 million) with the Spanish club’s president Florentino Perez saying the winger’s demands for a new contract were too steep.
“There was a letter from Madrid that arrived at 11 in the morning of the match day, we were due to play at 4 in the afternoon… was putting ice on my leg to be in the final,” Di Maria told Argentine radio station America on Friday, suggesting the club did not want him to aggravate a leg injury.
“I tore up the letter as soon as it was given to me and didn’t take any notice of it, I didn’t care what might happen, but it was (coach) Alejandro’s (Sabella) decision,” he said.
“I didn’t want to make any demands of him but I also didn’t want to leave the team a man short five minutes from a very important match.”
Di Maria, whose goal gave Argentina a 1-0 win over Switzerland in the last 16, suffered a leg muscle injury during the 1-0 quarter-final win over Belgium and took no further part in the tournament.
Argentina lost the final 1-0 after extra time to Germany at the Maracana in Rio de Janeiro on July 13.
“I suffered a lot that morning, it was the worst thing that’s happened to me in my life in footballing (terms) because reaching another final is very difficult, not to say impossible,” Di Maria said.
“The letter was handed to (late Argentine FA president) Julio (Grondona) and he said if I wanted to play I should do so anyway. From what I understand it had something to do with insurance.”
Later on Friday, Julio Grondona Jr accused Perez of wanting to intimidate the AFA into not fielding Di Maria, who was man of the match in Real’s Champions league victory in the final against Atletico Madrid in May.
“We received the letter signed by Florentino Perez saying he did not allow Di Maria to play… We called Di Maria and together agreed to tear it up,” said Grondona’s son, president of Argentine first division club Arsenal which was founded by his father, and a member of Argentina’s World Cup delegation.
“We were pressured.”
Di Maria, outstanding in Argentina’s 4-2 friendly win over Germany in Duesseldorf on Wednesday, denied ever wanting to leave Real and once again praised former team mate Cristiano Ronaldo for backing him continued…

Smriti Irani to build Amethi as political base  pushes fordevelopmentSmriti Irani is planning to bring in developments through the Centre to maintain contact with the people of Amethi. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Amethi | Posted: September 6, 2014 5:31 pm | Updated: September 6, 2014 7:36 pm
Union HRD Minister Smriti Irani had lost the recent Lok Sabha election to Congress Vice-President Rahul Gandhi, but she has no plans of abandoning the constituency, and is planning to develop it as her political base.
Buoyed by the fact that Congress is not in a position to push through new projects for the development of the area, and problems of water, power and roads being state subjects, Irani is planning to bring in developments through the Centre to maintain contact with the people of Amethi.
“The people here are losing faith and getting disenchanted with the state of affairs and are looking ahead for change. Amethi, despite being a high profile constituency for the past so many years, has remained backward,” district unit BJP president Daya Shankar Yadav said.
“Irani is working for the all round development of the constituency, be it in the field of education, roads or the minor problems related to the people of Amethi,” Irani’s poll agent, Uma Shankar Pandey said.
Among the projects for which she has taken an initiative is a district level railway station at Gauriganj for which she also met the Railway Minister, besides development of roads, one of the main concerns of the people here.
“She is working for at least one km long roads in all assembly segments through the PMGSY (Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojna) immediately,” Pandey said.
She has also sought a proposal for rebuilding the 70 houses gutted in a major fire in Baraulia village on July 17.
Besides asking the district administration to identify land for rebuilding the houses, she has asked party workers to prepare a report on whether the houses can come up at the same place or land of the individual who lost his dwelling in the fire. Irani, who as BJP candidate had polled an impressive 3 lakh votes in the Lok Sabha elections, had visited the constituency soon after being inducted into the Union Ministry and said she would contest the polls from this seat next time to develop it as her political base.
In preparation for her battle, she has a host of proposals including setting up of a central school, an Army school, a degree college for girls, on the cards besides a women university depending upon the availability of land.
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi has also worked on developing the area as an educational hub with the setting up of petroleum institute, NIFT, FDDI, IIIT, nursing college and a paramedical science college.
Pandey said the Union Minister who was caught up with her responsibilities in Delhi would be visiting the district soon, possibly within a month.
“A three-member team is already posted in Delhi for Amethi for the problems of the people visiting the national capital like writing letters and coordinating with ministries or taking up issue with the administration among others,” Pandey said, adding that continued…

Wanted: Media directors for ancient ChinesetempleFile photo: Monks from the Shaolin Temple in China (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Beijing | Posted: September 6, 2014 5:28 pm
Help wanted: Ancient Buddhist temple famed for its kung fu monks seeks media directors to build brand. English and social media skills required. Not necessary to be a monk, practice martial arts or eat vegetarian.
That online ad placed by China’s 1,500-year-old Shaolin temple already has drawn a brisk response, reflecting the institution’s exalted place in Chinese history and popular culture.
Chinese state media reported on Friday that 300 people have already applied for the two positions available, including business executives, media professionals and recent graduates of top overseas universities. Although the temple’s monks are all male, men and women are both invited to send in their resumes, the reports said.
Calls to the temple’s publicity and assets management offices rang unanswered on Friday.
The move is the latest attempt by the enterprising abbot Shi Yongxin to exploit the temple’s fame in the name of propagating Buddhist thinking and culture.
The temple, its monks and their distinctive form of kung fu have developed into a lucrative business enterprise, raising controversy among some who accuse Shi of over-commercialization. Shi says he’s just defending the temple’s reputation and promoting its values.
Located deep in the mountains of Henan province south of Beijing, Shaolin won fame for its monks’ martial exploits, including the rescue centuries ago of an emperor. It has since been the subject of countless books in movies such as Steven Chow’s 2001 comedy “Shaolin Soccer.”
Since taking over as abbot in the 1990s, Shi has threatened to sue companies that use the temple’s name or image without permission, and served as executive producer for martial arts films centered on the temple. The temple takes in foreign students, runs monthlong executive martial arts retreats, and maintains a website in both Chinese and English.
Shi has used the income to upgrade temple facilities – installing lavish visitor restrooms equipped with uniformed cleaners and TVs. That has brought still more brickbats from traditionalist, and reports said deflecting against media criticism and accusations of overexploitation will be a major part of the job for any media director.
The flexibility over candidates’ requirements shows the temple’s desire to attract top talent, although a knowledge of and appreciation for Zen Buddhist thought and culture is desired.
Reports warned, however, that the position isn’t all glamor and glitz. While Shaolin is a high-profile name, it’s also an ancient temple where asceticism and removal from China’s fast-paced urban lifestyles underpin daily activities, the South Metropolitan newspaper pointed out.
“If you work for Shaolin Temple, you need to be able to handle loneliness,” the paper said, quoting an unidentified person who it said worked at the temple for many years. “Most young people will find this pretty dull.”

Obama anti-jihadist plan strong message of support : IraqFM"We have repeatedly called on our international partners for help and support because this threat is a very deadly threat", said Obama. ( Source: AP )
Agence-France Presse | Baghdad | Posted: September 6, 2014 5:26 pm
US President Barack Obama’s plan for an international anti-jihadist coalition is a “strong message of support” for Baghdad and its fight against militants, Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari said on Saturday. “We welcome that, and we have repeatedly called on our international partners for help and support because this threat is a very deadly threat… not only to the people of Iraq or the region, but to Europe, to America, to NATO,” Zebari said.
“This is basically our fight… but we need the support — our capacity is limited, and we need the support to enhance our capacity,” he said.
“Nobody’s thinking of any ground troops at this stage — they are calling for air support, for tactical support, for arming the forces on the ground, like the (Kurdish) peshmerga, the Iraqi security forces, and also to provide…intelligence, reconnaissance,” he added.
Obama outlined plans at a NATO summit on Friday for a broad coalition to defeat the Islamic State (IS) jihadist group, which led an offensive that overran chunks of five Iraqi provinces in June, and also holds significant territory in neighbouring Syria. The initial militant drive swept Iraqi security forces aside, but the federal government won its first major victories of the conflict in recent days, breaking a months-long siege of one town and retaking other territory from the militants.

Why IBM hires more in US than India nowIBM now hires more in US than India amid tax, visa worries
By Sujit John & Shilpa Phadnis, TNN | 6 Sep, 2014, 11.07AM IST
IBM hired frenetically in India, and cut jobs in the US in an effort to be cost competitive with Indian IT services providers. 
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
BANGALORE: Over the past decade, IBM hired frenetically in India, and cut jobs in the US in an effort to be cost competitive with Indian IT services providers. Now, the Big Blue appears to be changing track, goaded perhaps by the Obama administration's social and tax pressures, and the US work visa restrictions.
However, other global IT services companies like Ireland-registered Accenture and France-based Capgemini are continuing to keep their hiring focus on India.
IBM's 'Jobs at IBM' website currently lists about 6,750 jobs, of which nearly a third, 2,150, are in the US. India follows way behind at a little over 700, and China is third with about 650. More striking are the entry level positions. Of the total of 446 entry level positions open as on September 2, as many as 172, or nearly 40%, are in the US. In India, there are a mere five.
An employee of the company in India said the internal job portal now shows certain IT positions with 1-2 years' experience reserved for US citizens. "I can't recollect such entry level positions earlier being reserved for US citizens," he said.
When contacted, IBM did not directly address %the matter, but issued the following statement: "Managing resources and skills is an ongoing and critical component of our business model. IBM continues to meet the changing requirements of its clients, and to pioneer new, high value segments of the IT industry. To that end, IBM is positioning itself to lead in growth areas such as cloud, analytics and cognitive computing and investing in these priority areas. Investing in and hiring talent from over 100 college campuses in India continues to be part of the strategy."
US tech entrepreneur and academic Vivek Wadhwa said he would not know %if the IBM hiring trends were accurate, but said it would not surprise him. "IBM, like other US companies, is surely under pressure from nativists to hire more Americans. The noise is only getting louder. But it may be that IBM is trying to balance its growth and that is what is behind such a strategy," he said.
The years of frenzied hiring has resulted in India now accounting for over a third of IBM's 4.3 lakh employees (these are estimates, given that IBM has stopped disclosing its headcount by geography). In the US, the number has dropped from a peak of 1.53 lakh in 2000, to an estimated 88,000 now. B S Murthy, CEO of executive search firm LeadershipCapital, said IBM in India could now be depending more on contract staffing, rather than have them on rolls. Contract staffing involves bringing people in for short periods from other IT services providers for specified projects. IBM's rivals Accenture and Capgemini, however, are hiring in India far more than elsewhere. The Accenture website lists 10,700 jobs for India, ten times more than in the US, the next highest.
Capgemini has a total of 4,460 jobs listed, of which half are in India. In the US it's 764 and in home country France it is 363. Both these companies have their largest employee base in India. In April, Capgemini announced that it crossed the threshold of 50,000 employees in India; more than a third of its global strength of 1.34 lakh. Accenture does not disclose geography numbers, but it is estimated that about 90,000 of its 2.93 lakh employees are in India.

A role model for kids in PulianthopeUpdated: September 6, 2014 18:20 IST
A role model for kids in Pulianthope
LIFFY THOMAS
The Hindu Amalraj with his parents: Photo: B. Jothi Ramalingam
TOPICS
table tennis
Around 40 less-privileged children currently get free training on Table Tennis.
No 6, Matchar Ammal Lane is now the most attractive address in Pulianthope. Amalraj Anthony, silver medallist in table tennis at the Commonwealth Games, lives there. Amalraj is the hero for many youngsters in the neighbourhood.
“Amalraj’s success is the story of hard work, determination, sacrifices and the grace of God,” says his father Anthony Arputharaj, assistant revenue officer (Alandur, Zone XII). In an interview, Anthony, who is also Amalraj’s first coach, answers a volley of questions, ranging from how Amalraj was initiated into table tennis, along with his two siblings, to the plans for Amala Annai Table Tennis Academy, which he runs from his home, for the benefit of underprivileged children.
What encouraged Amalraj to take up table tennis, which is not popular in north Chennai. And how would he practise?
I have been a table tennis player and Amalraj got interested seeing me playing. At the age of 6, he started to practise regularly. His day would start early, at 5 a.m., with exercises for one hour and TT practice for another hour. Again in the evening, he would do shadow practice in front of a mirror using tumbles, then practise till 8 p.m. During the weekends, he would run on the Marina Beach for three hours and practise TT at the Corporation Recreation Club in Ripon Building for two hours. Don Bosco Youth Centre at Basin Bridge was another place where he got trained, thanks to Father Gerald.
Amalraj left the city at the age of 10. Tell us about his childhood, his association with the city and the neighbourhood?
He was selected by a Chinese coach named Yenwei to represent the Petroleum Sports Promotion Board (PSPB) Table Tennis Academy, based on his performance in the nationals in 1997. Until he turned 18, he was in Ajmer and would come to Chennai twice a year. Amalraj is a simple, quiet and shy boy who wouldn’t talk to neighbours. He has friends only in the TT circles. Later, when he returned to the city, he joined Southern Railways as ticket examiner and was selected to play for the Indian Railway team. Now, he is an officer with ONGC.
Your daughters are also State-level players. Did the three practise together?
My daughters – Mary Benita and Mary Judith – are younger than Amalraj. They learnt a lot about the sport from Amalraj when he came home for vacations. I was the first coach for the three..
What are your plans for Amala Annai Table Tennis Academy?
The Academy was opened in 2010 from the first floor of my house in Pulianthope to train underprivileged children. Apart from Amalraj, I am helped by my daughter and their cousin Richard Stanley to run the Academy. Nearly 40 children are currently training at the Academy and we want to produce more ‘Amalrajs’.

Someone actually read Steven Salaitas scholarship (updated)By David Bernstein September 5
I received a link to this Tablet piece in an email, and even though I’ve tried not to get more involved in this controversy, I couldn’t resist clicking because I had read in several sources that “everyone” agrees that Salaita’s scholarship is first-rate, a proposition I suspected was either not remotely true, or is a rather poor reflection on whomever constitutes “everyone.”  The upshot is what one would expect, if one is paying attention. Author Liel Leibovitz concludes, “Devoid of any real understanding, context, or nuance, stupidly dogmatic, and frequently given to hyperbolic fits of hatred, it should not qualify as scholarship.”
Leibovitz doesn’t provide sufficient evidence in that short piece to justify such a blanket conclusion. But he does provide some excruciating evidence, including this:
“Hillel and other Jewish civic organizations render themselves distinctly responsible for Israel’s violence by proclaiming themselves guardians of the state’s consciousness,” he writes. “Moreover, they perform a nonconsensual appropriation of all Jewish people into the service of state policies that render the culture indefensible along with the state policies that are said to arise from the culture. It is never a good idea, even through the trope of strategic essentialism, to link an ethnic group to a military apparatus. Such a move automatically justifies discourses—in this case anti-Semitic ones—that should never be justifiable.”
But don’t worry, I’ve discovered that earlier in the same book,  he tell us that “I want to be clear that I am not blaming anti-Semitism on Jews.”  That’s a relief, because I thought if Jewish culture had rendered itself indefensible because of Jewish organizations’ ties to Israel, and that justifies anti-Semitic discourse, he might actually be blaming Jews for he anti-Semitism. So I’m glad he cleared that up in advance.
Despite the academic gobbleygook, Salaita has nevertheless persuaded me of the underlying logic of his position. As a result, because he is a Palestinian-American who has defended Hamas, I hereby, among other things, hold Salaita distinctly responsible for Hamas’s terrorist violence, violence against gays, suppression of women, execution of suspects without due process, corruption, use of human shields, and so on and so forth by proclaiming himself guardian of Hamas’s consciousness. Or  at least I would if I had any idea of what being guardian of a non-sentinent organization’s consciousness could possibly mean. Moreover, Salaita’s identification with Palestinian nationalism justifies discourses that should never be justified. Not that I’m blaming Salaita for those discourses, of course.
Enough. University of Illinois’s behavior in this matter seems rather sketchy. But as with Ward Churchill, the scandal is two-fold, and begins with the scandal of his being offered a job in the Native American Studies Department in the first place. Instead of expressing concerns about civility, which I think is at best a poor justification for not rubber-stamping a tenured lateral offer, perhaps the Illinois administration should have, as a commenter on a previous thread suggests, “called the faculty hiring committee to the mat to justify the appointment, demanding that they explain in detail precisely why Salaita was not barely qualified but the best qualified candidate for the position, address concerns about possible classroom bias in the light of his extracurricular rants, and potentially require an extended probationary period before granting him tenure. [UPDATE: A few commenters have asked, "by running down Salaita, aren't you inviting similar treatment for 'your side.'" On the contrary, as I noted in my previous post on this issue, Salaita shouldn't be discriminated against because of his political views by the University of Illinois, nor should hiring decisions be made because of pressure from outsiders, whether donors or pressure groups. If Salaita can prove that's why he was unhired, he should win his case, even if there were other good reasons not to hire him in the first place. But some of Salaita's defenders have taken the line that Salaita is a magnificent scholar who got in trouble merely for getting a bit emotional about Gaza, which "Zionists" have turned into bogus evidence of anti-Semitism. The evidence suggests instead that Salaita is more likely a mediocre scholar hired to an area outside his main areas of expertise in part because of his political views, who is routinely intemperate, and who has written other things that more clearly seem to fall within a reasonable definition of anti-Jewish statements. So if Salaita is to win, let it also set a precedent that "right-wing" professors have equally strong academic freedom rights, even if they are mediocrities, even if they speak or write in an intemperate matter, even if a university is facing pressure from outsiders to penalize them based on real or perceived racist, sexist, or homophobic comments. Moreover, pointing out the ideological bias in many academic departments that benefits the likes of Salaita may aid the broader cause of academic freedom by discouraging such hiring practices in favor of scholarly merit.] Update: More wisdom from Salaita :
David Bernstein is the George Mason University Foundation Professor at the George Mason University School of Law in Arlington, VA.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409955915/1409955915000/1409955915 tracking: {authors=David Bernstein, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=someone-actually-read-steven-salaitas-scholarship, post_id=13088, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 10:25:15 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 10:25:15 PM

Angel di Maria claims Real Madrid pressurised him to skip World Cup finalAngel di Maria reveals another reason to leave behind Madrid on Saturday as he revealed how he was asked to not to play the World Cup final. (Source: Reuters)
Reuters | Buenos Aires | Posted: September 6, 2014 5:00 pm | Updated: September 6, 2014 5:01 pm
Angel Di Maria has claimed his former club Real Madrid put pressure on Argentina not to play him in the World Cup final in another bitter chapter in his departure from the Spanish giants.
Di Maria joined Manchester United from Real last month for a British record fee of 59.7 million pounds ($97.45 million) with the Spanish club’s president Florentino Perez saying the winger’s demands for a new contract were too steep.
“There was a letter from Madrid that arrived at 11 in the morning of the match day, we were due to play at 4 in the afternoon… was putting ice on my leg to be in the final,” Di Maria told Argentine radio station America on Friday, suggesting the club did not want him to aggravate a leg injury.
“I tore up the letter as soon as it was given to me and didn’t take any notice of it, I didn’t care what might happen, but it was (coach) Alejandro’s (Sabella) decision,” he said.
“I didn’t want to make any demands of him but I also didn’t want to leave the team a man short five minutes from a very important match.”
Di Maria, whose goal gave Argentina a 1-0 win over Switzerland in the last 16, suffered a leg muscle injury during the 1-0 quarter-final win over Belgium and took no further part in the tournament.
Argentina lost the final 1-0 after extra time to Germany at the Maracana in Rio de Janeiro on July 13.
“I suffered a lot that morning, it was the worst thing that’s happened to me in my life in footballing (terms) because reaching another final is very difficult, not to say impossible,” Di Maria said.
“The letter was handed to (late Argentine FA president) Julio (Grondona) and he said if I wanted to play I should do so anyway. From what I understand it had something to do with insurance.”
Later on Friday, Julio Grondona Jr accused Perez of wanting to intimidate the AFA into not fielding Di Maria, who was man of the match in Real’s Champions league victory in the final against Atletico Madrid in May.
“We received the letter signed by Florentino Perez saying he did not allow Di Maria to play… We called Di Maria and together agreed to tear it up,” said Grondona’s son, president of Argentine first division club Arsenal which was founded by his father, and a member of Argentina’s World Cup delegation.
“We were pressured.”
Di Maria, outstanding in Argentina’s 4-2 friendly win over Germany in Duesseldorf on Wednesday, denied ever wanting to leave Real and once again praised former team mate Cristiano Ronaldo for backing him continued…

Centre to fund special rhino protection force to save Kaziranga rhinos: JavadekarEnvironment Minister Prakash Javadekar travelling on a boat inside the Kaziranga National Park on Friday. (source: PTI Photo)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 6, 2014 4:47 pm
The Centre would fund setting up a Special Rhino Protection Force (SRPF) for protecting one-horned rhinos in Kaziranga National Park and other rhino habitats in Assam, union forest and environment minister Prakash Javadekar said on Saturday. He also said that the Centre would look towards covering more rhino-poaching cases by the CBI.
Winding up his two-day visit to Assam during which he concentrated only on protecting rhinos, Javadekar told a press conference that the Centre was for “zero-tolerance” towards rhino poaching and asked the Congress government in the state to be more pro-active in this regard. He visited Kaziranga along with Assam Forest Minister Rakibul Hussain on Friday and also listened to public grievances there.
“This Special Rhino Protection Force, fully funded by the Centre, will essentially comprise of local youth knows the rhino habitat and has access to lot of vital information regarding rhinos and movement of suspicious people close to Kaziranga. The government also believes in increasing community participation in protecting wildlife and forests. After all it is the local community which gets most affected,” Javadekar said.
As many as 22 rhinos have been killed by poachers in Assam in the current year, while forest guards too have gunned down 20 poachers in the past eight months, Javadekar said. Twenty-four poachers on the other hand have been apprehended since January, he said. “Poaching has to be brought down to zero,” he added.
The minister also announced that the Centre would constitute a task force that would hold a series of consultations with all stakeholders in the next six months and come out with a comprehensive strategy to protect rhinos and wipe out poaching. The government would also ensure that six animal corridors that Kaziranga animals use would also be made free of human obstruction soon.
On the demand for handing over all rhino-poaching cases to the CBI, Javadekar said since two cases are already with the agency, he would find out whether more cases could be brought under its purview. “I will soon find out from the CBI if it could expand the scope of its probe and take up some of the glaring cases for investigation,” he said.
Terming his trip to Assam as “mission rhino”, Javadekar also asked the state government to ensure eviction of all encroachers from inside national parks, wildlife sanctuaries and reserved forests. “Development and environment protection have to go hand in hand,” he said. The union minister had said in Kaziranga that the BJP government intended to increase the country’s forest cover from the existing 24 per cent to at least 33 per cent in the next 10-15 years.
Admitting that he was surprised at the overwhelming demand by the people for protecting rhinos, Javadekar said the people of Assam were totally committed continued…

Charlie Hunnam is face of Calvin Klein’s new fragrancePress Trust of India | London | Posted: September 6, 2014 4:38 pm
‘Sons Of Anarchy’ star Charlie Hunnam has been announced as the face of Calvin Klein’s new fragrance.
The 34-year-old actor fronts the brand’s new ad campaign for Reveal Men, which is described as having notes of pear brandy, crystallised ginger and golden amber, and is set to be released next February, reported Contactmusic.
Hunnam who said he loved the luxury and glamour of the campaign shoot which was a world away from filming a movie in some less than welcoming locations. “Everyone always thinks the film business is so glamorous, and it really isn’t at all. Most of the time I’m up at 5 am working outside in the beating sun from sunrise to sunset in some dusty hell of a location.
“I mean, I love the business, but it’s not at all glamorous. The fashion and fragrance (world) is all about capturing the idea of aspirational living, the most extreme luxury and glamour that life has to offer,” he said.
Everyone always thinks the film business is so glamorous, and it really isn't at all. Most of the time I'm up at 5 am working outside in the beating sun from sunrise to sunset in some dusty hell of a location.

World of Warcraft gives Robin Williams an ‘Aladdin’-quoting tributeBy Abby Ohlheiser September 5 Follow @abbyohlheiser
(Used with permission from WoWhead)
After weeks of speculation, a group of World of Warcraft players stumbled across an “Aladdin”-quoting genie tribute to Robin Williams in a test version of the game.
Gamers at the WoWhead fan site discovered the character on Thursday, when a user named Haldhur posted an image of the genie and its coordinates on the expansive role-playing game’s world map. Thus ended weeks of searching prompted by game maker Blizzard’s promise to include a Williams tribute following the actor’s death in August.
. @robinwilliams Thank you. You gave us so much joy in our lives, and we hope you enjoyed your time in our world. We’ll see you in-game.
— World of Warcraft (@Warcraft) August 13, 2014
The blue genie, named “Robin,” emerges from an “Ever-Burning Lamp” when players interact with the object. Then, the genie quotes one of the best lines from “Aladdin’s” Williams-voiced genie character in the 1994 film: “INFINITE COSMIC POWER!” he says, before shrinking, waving and adding, “itty-bitty living space.”
(Used with permission from WoWhead)
While he’s not yet available in the current version of World of Warcraft, players with access to the beta version of the upcoming Warlords of Draenor expansion pack can visit and interact with him.
And they have been, in droves, according to WowHead site director Alexis Kusy. Hours after Kusy posted several of her own screenshots of the genie and its location, she signed back into the game to find “a crowd of people paying tribute to him,” she told The Post. Users, through their avatars, were “saluting” and “bowing” to the genie, she added.
On a WoWhead character page for “Robin,” fans have left hundreds of heartfelt comments about Williams and the new character. “And there start the feels,” one user wrote, adding: “I’m going to visit him daily.”
Blizzard hasn’t said much about the Williams tribute aside from the fact that it would happen, eventually. But Kusy and her fellow WoWheads have uncovered a few other clues indicating that there might be more to Warcraft’s Williams tribute.
Sometimes, World of Warcraft fans are able to find possible new features before they appear in the actual game with a process called data-mining. That, essentially, involves combing through all of the files Blizzard sends out when they update the game on a weekly basis.
Those files often contain information — like, say, new objects and characters — that don’t yet appear on in the game to its players, but will in the future. “It’s kind of like a sneak preview,” Kusy explained.
A few weeks ago, through this process, users found evidence of two other versions of the “Robin” character that appear to be references to “Mork and Mindy” and “Mrs. Doubtfire.” These versions don’t yet appear in the game. But this is what they look like:
(Used with permission from WoWhead)
Some other clues are plainly visible: Next to the genie in the beta version are a large egg and a couple of stuffed animals and tanks, which Kusy speculates might end up as Mork and “Toys” references, respectively:
(Used with permission from WoWhead)
(Used with permission from WoWhead)
Williams was an avid gamer ; his daughter Zelda is even named after the character from the Nintendo series of games.
He’d spoken of playing World of Warcraft and its predecessor, Warcraft III. That’s, in part, why fans petitioned both Blizzard and Nintendo to include tributes to Williams. (Nintendo, unlike Blizzard, hasn’t indicated that it’s working on incorporating a Williams tribute into its games anytime soon.)
And that’s why the genie is striking a chord with so many fans, even though the commercial version of the new World of Warcraft expansion doesn’t even come out until November. Kusy, reflecting the feelings of many gamers, said that Williams was “one of us.”
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=lifestyle, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409952195/1409952195000/1409952195 tracking: {authors=Abby Ohlheiser, blog_name=style-blog, content_category=Lifestyle, in_url_headline=world-of-warcraft-gives-robin-williams-an-aladdin-quoting-tribute, post_id=33078, section={section=lifestyle, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 9:23:15 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 9:23:15 PM

CAG finds deficient performance by earlier Cong govt in APThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

FPIs continue to invest in Indian marketsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rebel leaders accuse Ukraine forces of breaking ceasefireThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Deepak Fertilisers  subsidiary incorporates JV in AustraliaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

By the way fitte muh is a word from a native african language meaning ...Chief of Bureau, CNBC-TV18 Mumbai
2353
Financial Markets Anchor & Research Analyst
12548
Head - Research
2546
After United Bank, now SBI declares KFA a willful defaulter. Is it too late for banks to recover their dues?
Yes

Brother  you are believing because some vested interest people or thos...Gold Member
399 Followers
I always like to invest in my own ideas. Why to stick to any persons idea. Hence till date I made huge loss. My profit came in Monsanto India and Freshtrop Fruits. Now I purchased Indosolar as I myself feel that there is value in the stock in long run as the solar sector there is a turn-around.
In reply to : vivekbhauka message
6.00 PM Sep 6th

Word to word is same..u can`t change one style..dnt fool here coz its ...Dear M,
See somebody said you " Saalee.....On FreshTrop" I did not mark that message and defended you.
However on many account you need to come clean, be sensible and honest to investor.I will support you.
Number of Followers are not a real reflection of your potential.I got a lot.Some got 10K follower as well.When I had 1 follower I remain raj,today they grow every day because I post more albeit a responsible one.It is nice to have follower but again you are pitching them in your mess.
Its about being pro investor, come up with nice idea, back it with your data.If you argue certain counter will grow then provide your insight with certain points.A HEALTHY ACADEMIC CIVILISED discussion.
A MERE REGURGITATION OF WORDS will not do.Finally as you said RESPECT COMES FROM HEART true when someone is in relationship.HERE RESPECT COMES FROM YOUR ONLINE BEHAVIOUR.QUALITY of your Post and PROFITABILITY and SENSE OF SECURITY in the mind of fellow borders.
Wish you good luck!!!

Dear follower bro ! luck also supports only those who are in right sid...Gold Member
22 Followers
Dear Niceworld! I am lucky today as I intended to sell yesterday after your communication regarding exit out of this. Only thing which barred me from executing the order   was that yesterday I was extremely busy in office and today my internet was  not working. I think in the end we have got what we have been waiting for all these days.
By the by, have you got those stocks with potential for  quick gains?? Also, I have named a few to you (1) Gokaldas Exports, (2) Sterlite Technologies and (3) Arvind. Warm regards!
In reply to : niceworld message
3.22 PM Sep 3rd

WHIRLPOOL CULINARY SHOWThe Indian market has been moving higher on positive domestic developments; other emerging markets have done well because of strong global inflows, but given the global cues one could see a tactical correction in emerging markets, Jyotivardhan Jaipur...
Source : CNBC-TV18
Share this video with Friends
Most Watched Videos

Ranbaxy LaboratoriesSep 10, 2014 at 13:29 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria, Head of Research, BofA ML is neutral on pharma space.
Sun Pharma shares gain; Credit Suisse raises target
Sep 08, 2014 at 13:51 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
According to the brokerage, approval of Ranbaxy merger (expected before FY15 end) and use of cash are key catalysts. Sun has cash of USD 2 billion (yield low at 5 percent) and generated FY14 free cash flow of USD 920 million.
CCI begins Sun-Ranbaxy deal's public scrutiny; seeks notes
Sep 04, 2014 at 13:02 | Source: PTI
The CCI said the public consultation process has been launched "in order to determine whether the combination has or is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India".
Sun Pharma, Ranbaxy, Infosys to get astro support: Gupta
Sep 04, 2014 at 11:07 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
According to Satish Gupta of astrostocktips.in, technology stocks like Tata Consultancy Services, Tech Mahindra, Infosys, Oracle Financial Services Software and Persistent System will get astrological suppport.
Buy Ranbaxy Laboratories, says Manas Jaiswal
Sep 02, 2014 at 14:35 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com recommends buying Ranbaxy Laboratories as the stock may touch Rs 680 in next two to three trading sessions.
Sun Pharma, Ranbaxy slip; CCI asks more details of merger
Aug 28, 2014 at 13:00 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy, which had announced a USD 4-billion deal in April this year, were asked by CCI on Wednesday to make public details of their proposed transaction in a "prescribed format" within 10 working days.
CCI expands probe into Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy deal
Aug 28, 2014 at 12:19 | Source: PTI
Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy, which had announced a USD 4-billion deal in April this year, were asked late last night to make public details of their proposed transaction in a "prescribed format" within 10 working days.
Ranbaxy Laboratories receives direction from CCI
Aug 28, 2014 at 10:29 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ranbaxy Laboratories has received direction vide letter dated August 27, 2014 from the Competition Commission of India(CCI) directing the Company to publish the details of the proposed combination in the prescribed format within 10 working days from the date of the said letter of the CCI.
Stocks in news: ONGC, Adani Power, Torrent Pharma, MCX, ITD
Aug 28, 2014 at 08:21 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Rural Electrification Corporation | Power Finance Corporation | ONGC | NHPC | Coal India | Adani Power | Tata Power | DLF | Piramal Enterprises | Navin Fluorine | Torrent Pharma | PNB | UCO Bank | Liberty Shoes | ITD Cementation | Muthoot Finance | Financial Tech | MCX India and Gayatri Projects are stocks, which are in the news today.
Stocks in news: SBI, ONGC, UCO Bank, IIFL, Jindal Saw, NHPC
Aug 27, 2014 at 08:23 | Source: CNBC-TV18
SBI | NHPC | ONGC | Power Finance Corporation | Rural Electrification Corporation | Coal India | IIFL Holdings | UCO Bank | GMR Infrastructure | Sesa Sterlite | Oberoi Realty | NTPC | IFCI | HDFC Bank | Financial Technologies | Jindal Saw | Adani Enterprises | Adani Ports | Polaris and Tata Elxsi are stocks, which are in the news today.
Sep 10, 2014 at 13:29 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria, Head of Research, BofA ML is neutral on pharma space.
Sun Pharma shares gain; Credit Suisse raises target
Sep 08, 2014 at 13:51 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
According to the brokerage, approval of Ranbaxy merger (expected before FY15 end) and use of cash are key catalysts. Sun has cash of USD 2 billion (yield low at 5 percent) and generated FY14 free cash flow of USD 920 million.
CCI begins Sun-Ranbaxy deal's public scrutiny; seeks notes
Sep 04, 2014 at 13:02 | Source: PTI
The CCI said the public consultation process has been launched "in order to determine whether the combination has or is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India".
Sun Pharma, Ranbaxy, Infosys to get astro support: Gupta
Sep 04, 2014 at 11:07 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
According to Satish Gupta of astrostocktips.in, technology stocks like Tata Consultancy Services, Tech Mahindra, Infosys, Oracle Financial Services Software and Persistent System will get astrological suppport.
Buy Ranbaxy Laboratories, says Manas Jaiswal
Sep 02, 2014 at 14:35 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com recommends buying Ranbaxy Laboratories as the stock may touch Rs 680 in next two to three trading sessions.
Ranbaxy Laboratories receives direction from CCI
Aug 28, 2014 at 10:29 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ranbaxy Laboratories has received direction vide letter dated August 27, 2014 from the Competition Commission of India(CCI) directing the Company to publish the details of the proposed combination in the prescribed format within 10 working days from the date of the said letter of the CCI.
Sun Pharma, Ranbaxy slip; CCI asks more details of merger
Aug 28, 2014 at 13:00 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy, which had announced a USD 4-billion deal in April this year, were asked by CCI on Wednesday to make public details of their proposed transaction in a "prescribed format" within 10 working days.
CCI expands probe into Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy deal
Aug 28, 2014 at 12:19 | Source: PTI
Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy, which had announced a USD 4-billion deal in April this year, were asked late last night to make public details of their proposed transaction in a "prescribed format" within 10 working days.
Stocks in news: ONGC, Adani Power, Torrent Pharma, MCX, ITD
Aug 28, 2014 at 08:21 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Rural Electrification Corporation | Power Finance Corporation | ONGC | NHPC | Coal India | Adani Power | Tata Power | DLF | Piramal Enterprises | Navin Fluorine | Torrent Pharma | PNB | UCO Bank | Liberty Shoes | ITD Cementation | Muthoot Finance | Financial Tech | MCX India and Gayatri Projects are stocks, which are in the news today.
Stocks in news: SBI, ONGC, UCO Bank, IIFL, Jindal Saw, NHPC
Aug 27, 2014 at 08:23 | Source: CNBC-TV18
SBI | NHPC | ONGC | Power Finance Corporation | Rural Electrification Corporation | Coal India | IIFL Holdings | UCO Bank | GMR Infrastructure | Sesa Sterlite | Oberoi Realty | NTPC | IFCI | HDFC Bank | Financial Technologies | Jindal Saw | Adani Enterprises | Adani Ports | Polaris and Tata Elxsi are stocks, which are in the news today.
Videos »

Politics without the minoritiesUpdated: September 5, 2014 02:13 IST
Politics without the minorities
religion and belief
The penchant and proclivity for making India Hindu is not a new phenomenon in Indian political life; but until the 2014 election, it did not have the power or the heft to pose a serious challenge to the idea of India
We have two parallel narratives running simultaneously in the first 100 days of the Narendra Modi government. In the first one, as a heroic Prime Minister in total command of his government and party, Mr. Modi is busy revving up the sputtering economy with his decisive leadership and “good governance” much acclaimed by economists, the middle classes, the media, and the twitterati. After taking charge, Mr. Modi has been quick in framing rules and taking some strong decisions: from the announcement to scrap the Planning Commission to calling off Foreign Secretary-level talks with Pakistan to clearing 49 per cent foreign direct investment in insurance to launching the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana with a promise to end “financial untouchability.”
The second narrative unfolding at the same time focusses on the template of majoritarianism defined by the Sangh Parivar’s principal belief that India is a Hindu nation. The Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) chief, Mohan Bhagwat, declared that “India is a Hindu state and citizens of Hindustan should be known as Hindus.” Endorsing the RSS view, the Union Minister for Minority Affairs, Najma Heptulla, said, “there is nothing wrong in calling all Indians Hindus,” which she later denied. A similar statement was made by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MP Yogi Adityanath while opening the Lok Sabha debate on communal violence — “Hindutva is a symbol of Indian nationalism.” That this speech evoked table thumping from his fellow BJP MPs makes it even more significant.
Subverting social fabric
One of the biggest anxieties about the Modi government was its antipathy towards minorities and religious diversity. There are some who would argue that this apprehension has come true as extremist elements continue to use communal polarisation as an instrument of political mobilisation — a tendency that Mr. Modi has done little to vanquish. A series of statements by senior BJP leaders designed to aggravate communal passions in different parts of the country, especially in the poll-bound States, constitutes the centrepiece of the second narrative. Many BJP leaders are having a field day manufacturing myths and non-history to subvert the social fabric. Non-existent “love jihad” is yet another tool for this purpose. Even though this phrase didn’t feature in its official resolution, the BJP nonetheless stated that “Instances of misbehaviour with women of one section by men of one particular section, whether just coincidence or by design, is a matter of concern.” Thus, Mr. Laxmikant Bajpai, the BJP’s Uttar Pradesh president, said, “Have they got the certificate to rape girls because they belong to a particular religion?” He further added, “Youngsters should be vigilant against love jihad. Why is the government lenient to those who indulge in such practice? Have they got licence to convert the girls of majority community?” Mr. Kalraj Mishra, a Union Minister, also spoke about the “love jihad.”
Polarising public sphere
Mr. Modi has not distanced himself from any of the outlandish statements of his supporters from Hindu hard-core organisations; there are no rumours that he even mildly upbraided them. Till now as “the Prime Minister of the entire nation, not just the 31 per cent who voted for him,” he has allowed space to those who speak of and act in the name of a “Hindu nation.” This has given the Sangh Parivar a free hand to polarise the public sphere. There is an interesting pattern to these controversies. Whenever a storm breaks out in the context of rising communal tensions, senior BJP leaders evade the issue and simply state that Mr. Modi’s agenda is “ sabka saath, sabka vikas ,” as though repeating this generic statement would heal communal wounds. While on the evening news shows, party spokespersons make the majoritarian case plainly and blame the usual “secular suspects” for perpetrating vote bank politics as opposed to their “India first” approach. If this is a calculated strategy, which it seems to be, then why would Mr. Modi or the BJP distance itself from Mr. Adityanath’s utterances. Far from doing this, he was asked to open the Lok Sabha debate on the communal violence Bill and later appointed in charge of the by-poll campaign in Uttar Pradesh. The message is loud and clear: the so-called “fringe” elements and “loony outfits” (as the media often describes them) are free to do their work, unchecked, while Mr. Modi will get on with growth and governance. In some respects this is a continuation of the doublespeak witnessed in the election campaign, but, post-election, it assumes a new meaning because now it is party leaders and elected MPs, and not just the religious right-wingers, who are indulging in communal speak.
The hiatus between the rhetoric of Modi and the reality on the ground is palpable. The plethora of communal statements indicates a concerted attempt to impose a majoritarian concept of nationhood — one that clearly militates against constitutional democracy and common citizenship. That this is not just idle propaganda is further evident from what is happening in the field of education and culture. From Kerala to Karnataka to Maharashtra and Punjab, there have been incidents of BJP and Sangh Parivar activists disrupting cultural events that are critical of Mr. Modi and his government.
The penchant and proclivity for making India Hindu is not a new phenomenon in Indian political life, having been an undercurrent since its emergence before Partition and independence; but until the 2014 election, it did not have the power or the heft to pose a serious challenge to the idea of India . The spectacular success of the Sangh Parivar accomplished by electoral means as well as by stoking simmering violence has radically changed the situation to the advantage of the BJP. Its electoral triumph in Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and Maharashtra and its unbroken success in Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Gujarat highlight the manifest possibilities of communal mobilisation in forging political majorities.
During the long campaign in Uttar Pradesh, BJP candidates and campaigners including Mr. Amit Shah actively played on insecurities shored up by the communal violence in Muzaffarnagar last year to try and secure the Hindu vote. If there was one obvious feature of this election, it was the BJP’s successful consolidation of the Hindu vote with religion often deciding voter preference. The party demonstrated that it can win a majority without minority support. One right-wing Hindu leader, who had a front-row seat at Mr. Modi’s swearing-in, said the “tables had turned.” The polls were a “setback to Muslim politics” used by “foreign and divisive forces to destroy our identity,” he said. “It was time for them to learn their lessons. Muslims will be treated as common citizens — nothing more, nothing less. And, they must learn to respect Hindu sentiments. If they keep opposing Hindus, how long can they survive?” What this suggests is that if this political climate continues, minorities will get pushed out of the system through electoral politics. Mr. Modi is creating a new model of running politics without minorities . No one is losing sleep over it or the predictable absence of diversity in the political system it entails if he delivers on economic growth.
Parallel narratives
Combining “development” and “polarisation” to construct electoral success represents a new development in the trajectory of majoritarianism. Pointing to the growing presence of the Sangh Parivar in the political sphere, Mr. Seshadri Chari, former editor of the Organiser, says that Hindus have always been a majority in India but the manifestation of majoritarianism has been reflected in the cultural and social field. “Now it is reflected in the politics of the country. A large number of foot soldiers in the RSS-BJP do believe that the political Hindu has arrived,” he observed. (Outlook, August 25, 2014) This marks a dramatic shift — a break from the past for the Sangh Parivar. In consequence, for the first time in independent India the BJP has won an absolute majority. In 1999, there was one National Democratic Alliance Agenda of Governance and this was different from the BJP programme. Back then, the BJP had many allies to take along. This time, there are no coalition impediments. Arguably, a majoritarian agenda may well prevail in the RSS-dominated government. Besides, Mr. Modi and the RSS are on the same page ideologically which was not often the case under Mr. Atal Bihari Vajpayee. In his first 100 days in power, Mr. Modi has defied those who expected governance to dictate his agenda which means keeping in check hardliners and their politics of polarisation. Instead, two concurrent narratives dominate the functioning of the government, economic growth and communal polarisation, and Mr. Modi and his supporters do not see any contradiction between the two tracks.
The contours of the majoritarian project have been laid out by Hindu nationalists; to a certain extent, significant sections of the middle classes have either bought into it or are not bothered about it as long as it does not affect their personal domain and as long as the government succeeds in delivering economic growth. Even as the influence of the majoritarian project is undeniable, its insistence on redefining India’s national identity presents the most formidable challenge to the democratic framework in recent times and is clearly at odds with the multicultural idea of India. The question is whether this project will succeed in the long run and whether it will respect constitutionalism and common citizenship, irrespective of caste or creed.
(Zoya Hasan is National Fellow, Indian Council of Social Science Research, and former Professor, Jawaharlal Nehru University.)

Hackathons: the new hotbed of innovationFrom big ideas to prototypes for future products, tech firms are benefiting from these collaborative programming events
Mumbai, September 5:  
Two popular features of the Kindle e-book reader — ‘Time to Read’ and ‘Vocabulary Builder’ — were first conceived at ‘hackathon’ contests in India.
These features in Kindle were picked up from the plethora of ideas submitted by Amazon India employees at contests held in Chennai and Bangalore, said Raj Raghavan, Director, Human Resource, of the global online giant’s domestic unit.
‘Time to Read’ tells how much time a person will take to finish a chapter or a book as a whole, on the basis of his reading speed, while ‘Vocabulary Builder’  keeps a log of all the words that have been looked up.
Hackathons are events that bring together students, partners and company employees for collaborative computer programming. The quest for the next big idea or for exceptional talent is propelling technology-intensive companies to facilitate these events.
“Nearly 40 per cent of the ideas coming from such events are disruptive — these are ground breaking ideas that have high business impact and the leadership team can decide to take these ideas to production,” said Raghavan.
Most of the hackathon-related innovations have come in the areas of Machine Learning, Big Data, Internet of Things and others, he added.
Focus on simplification
At Cognizant Technology Solutions, specific teams conduct hackathons for associates. The aim is to generate prototypes that simplify internal systems and applications.
The success stories range from “an app for internal event management, a mobile location-based task reminder app, a mobile app for social commerce, an app for disabled persons that uses facial gestures for commands, and others,” said Kumar Sachidanandam, Senior Director, Innovation Group, Cognizant.
In many cases, learnings from such events are used to improve the quality of services that Cognizant renders to its customers, which include several Fortune 500 companies.
For instance, the Nasdaq-listed company stumbled upon the idea of a mobile app to handle production support (for a retail customer), courtesy a hackathon. This has now become ‘a full-fledged production app’, said Sachidanandam, in a written statement. IBM conducts virtual and physical hackathons to encourage developers create prototypes for future products/services on its cloud computing platform, BlueMix.
Karthik Padmanabhan, country head of ecosystem development at IBM India, said that developers can come out with their own products by using BlueMix.
“Since most people have their own computing devices these days, all we have to provide is water, refreshments and a nice corner for developers to sit and code,” said Padmanabhan.
A case in point is Srinidhi Prahlad, a third-year engineering student who developed an online tool to host webinars and conferences in two days at a hackathon, using BlueMix.
Earlier this year, the product, christened Streamify, went live.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Vox regrets pro-Bitcoin pieceBy Erik Wemple September 5 Follow @ErikWemple
Vox.com, the smart policy-explanation site, today made a new policy of its own: It won’t be allowing its reporters to, say, write promotional pieces about Bitcoins after buying them.
That’s what Timothy B. Lee did in a piece titled “ Why I’m investing in bitcoins. ” A thoroughly informative and clear analysis of the bitcoin market, Lee’s explainer started with the fact that he himself had invested in bitcoins. As the author explained, he was prohibited from doing so at his former employer, The Washington Post, but Vox.com, under editorial chief Ezra Klein, allowed him to.
As it went through the intricacies of bitcoins, Lee’s piece struck a note of optimism on their future:
Bitcoin could dramatically reduce the barrier to entry for competing with conventional money transfer services. Entrepreneurs in different countries could help customers convert between their local currency and Bitcoin, and then use the Bitcoin network to actually send the money. Small firms in India, China, or Brazil would be able to send money anywhere in the world — without worrying about how the recipient would convert bitcoins back to the local currency. Low barriers to entry could mean more competition, lower prices, and higher quality service.
A more ambitious use for Bitcoin would be to compete with conventional credit card networks. Already, a growing number of merchants have begun accepting Bitcoin payments. However, a lot more work will be needed to build user-friendly services that allow consumers to make Bitcoin payments. But once again, the low barriers to entry for Bitcoin-based services — more Bitcoin startups are being created every day — means that lots of people will be trying to figure out how to make Bitcoin payments more accessible to consumers.
Careful readers spotted a impropriety in writing so rosily about something in which you’ve invested:
decided to unfollow @vox after they so blatantly disregarded journalistic ethics with @binarybits bitcoin piece
— Alberto Roldan (@bertstuck) September 5, 2014
Will it be worse if there’s outrage over Vox trying to inflate bitcoin or if they’re such a joke that no one even cares?
— Rusty Foster (@rustyk5) September 5, 2014
The Erik Wemple Blog earlier today asked Klein about Vox.com’s approach to such ethics considerations. He essentially answered the question with this apology post : “We made the wrong call on buying Bitcoins.” Here’s a sampling:
Today’s article was meant to disclose Lee’s purchase of Bitcoins. But it also made an argument for why Bitcoins are undervalued and might make some people very rich (though it paired this with an argument for why they were still probably a bad investment for most people). Putting those two together was a mistake — and it raised fair concerns about whether Lee’s investment would color his coverage going forward.
“This was my fault,” writes Klein.
And with that, a blast of fresh air sneaks into the workspace of the Erik Wemple Blog: Lee’s bitcoin piece hit the Internet at 8:30 a.m. Klein’s no-excuses apology lands at 1:20 p.m. Quick, thorough, move on.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409940867/1409940867000/1409940867 tracking: {authors=Erik Wemple, blog_name=erik-wemple, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=vox-regrets-pro-bitcoin-piece, post_id=14234, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 6:14:27 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 6:14:27 PM

Modi connects his office to classrooms across the country  says educating girls is priorityPrime Minister Narendra Modi interacts with schoolchildren in New Delhi on Teachers’ Day. ( Source: PTI )
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 1:52 am | Updated: September 6, 2014 8:47 am
Deftly blending the personal with the political, the anecdote with the lesson, Prime Minister Narendra Modi used Teachers’ Day to reach out to schoolchildren across the country.
Just over 100 days into his office, Modi turned into an avuncular teacher creating a national classroom out of a network of TV cameras connecting Central government schools across the country from Leh to Thiruvananthapuram. He connected with the children in their own language, peppered his remarks with jokes, shared stories about his pranks and yet was able to underline messages about the importance of girls going to school, of reading — and, of course, on how to become the Prime Minister.
Both the setting, the Manekshaw Centre in Delhi, and the script were new but the idea is vintage Modi: reaching out to people over the heads of those who think they are — or should be — the mediators. So even if it was Teachers’ Day, he hardly spent much time on them other than saying that India could export teaching talent to the rest of the world and focused more on answering students’ questions for the better part of his 120-minute programme beamed live in over 18 lakh government and private schools in the country with 1,000 students present at the venue.
Most of the children were between eight and 14 — they add up to an estimated 12 crore across the country.
“Educating girls is my priority,” Modi said, pointing out that girls drop out of schools by the time they reach Class 3 or 4. “They drop out just because schools don’t have separate toilets for them. They don’t feel comfortable,” he said, reiterating a point he made during his Independence Day address, of building toilets across the country. “We should concentrate on girl students not quitting schools,” he added.
Modi’s responses to children’s questions were spontaneous and laced with personal anecdotes and social messages. When a student from Manipur asked how he could become Prime Minister, Modi advised him to “start preparing for the 2024…till then I have no threat.”
“That is the beauty of our democracy and our Constitution-makers, “ he said. “Anybody can become the Prime Minister if you win the confidence and love of the people…I hope you will call me for your swearing-in.”
Were he a teacher, what type of students would he like, asked a student. An intelligent but a lazy one or one who was average but hardworking? “A good teacher does not discriminate on the basis of ability. Like a mother who treats all children alike, a teacher should also not discriminate on the basis of ability or super ability,” Modi said.
The Prime Minister said children continued…

Martial law to be eased but when situation improves: Thai PMPress Trust of India | Bangkok | Posted: September 6, 2014 10:20 am
Thailand’s new Prime Minister Gen Prayuth Chan-ocha, who seized power in a military coup over three months ago, has said he wants to lift martial law in the country but the current situation does not permit it.
The National Council for Peace and Order, set up by the junta and headed by the Prime Minister, is unlikely to lift the martial law in the near future as groups have been found campaigning against the regime both in Thailand and abroad, the Nation newspaper reported.
60-year-old Gen Prayuth had asked NCPO secretary-general and Deputy Defence Minister Gen Udomdej Sitabutr to chair a meeting to review martial law but the junta did not discuss lifting martial law during its meeting on Friday.
“I do not want to maintain martial law but restrictions will be eased gradually as the situation improves. I will tell you when. But we need to have measures for maintaining stability. Please wait for our signal,” the Premier said on his weekly TV programme on Friday.
The paper quoting sources said the army has detected underground groups campaigning against the NCPO in the country’s north and northeast. Intelligence officials also reported to the meeting that opponent groups have revived their campaigns against the junta since the Cabinet was formed.
Thailand’s army chief Gen Prayuth, seized power in a military coup and became the country’s prime minister, the first serving army officer to assume the top office in 22 years.
Gen Prayuth was named as the prime minister after the National Legislative Assembly (NLA) voted 191-0 in his favour in an uncontested race.

Asian Games: Gold hopes in changing timesReuters BEST BET: Mary Kom and Vikas Gowda (not in picture) have the talent to take on the best and attain glory at the Incheon Asian Games beginning later this month.
TOPICS
sports event
Who’s going? Should the football team go? Will basketball make it? Or softball?
These are the questions going around with just about two weeks to go for the Asian Games in Incheon, Korea.
Lack of funds, which means lack of quality international exposure, has been a big problem for teams this year. While the Chinese, Koreans and Japanese sent their athletes to Europe for training and competitions, our top stars stayed at home, competing in domestic meets under dismal conditions.
Under the circumstances, it is too risky to stick out one’s neck out and predict the gold winners at the Games which rolls out on September 19.
The recent Commonwealth Games, where India won 64 medals including 15 gold, cannot be taken as a yardstick for this exercise.
Athletics, which provided a lone gold medal in Glasgow, apart from a silver and bronze, brought the bulk of the yellows at the last Asian Games in 2010 in Guangzhou with five golds.
Distance runner Preeja Sreedharan, hurdlers Joseph Abraham and Ashwini Akkuni, steeplechaser Sudha Singh and the women’s mile relay team won gold. But times have changed.
Ashwini, who failed a dope test in 2011 and was suspended for two years, is nowhere near her best now and there are around 10 athletes who are faster than her this season. Joseph has many stronger hurdlers ahead of him this time.
Commonwealth Games discus champion Vikas Gowda, who has been more consistent than his nearest rival and London Olympics silver medalist Ehsan Hadadi of Iran this season, is our best hope followed by men’s triple jumper Arpinder Singh, women’s discus thrower Seema Punia and the 4x400m relay team. This could also be the best chance for Tintu Luka, the Asian leader in the women’s 800m this year, to go for gold.
The men’s hockey team, which was the best Asian side at the recent World Cup in the Netherlands, has a good chance of finishing on top but it will all depend on how it handles the new format which will have four quarters of 15 minutes each.
Sure gold
Kabaddi, as in the last few editions, is sure to bring the gold in the men’s and women’s and women’s sections but recent developments in tennis, which brought the men’s singles and doubles gold in 2010 with impressive performances from Somdev Devvarman, are bound to hit the sport in a big way. Somdev, the country’s top singles player, pulled out of the Asian Games to focus more on the pro tour in a bid to improve his ATP rankings and a couple of others may follow suit.
London Olympics bronze medallist Mary Kom’s return, after missing Glasgow, has given a fillip to boxing which brought two gold medals apart from three silvers and four bronzes in 2010 but Guangzhou gold medallist Vijender Singh’s withdrawal with a hand injury will hurt India’s chances.
Wrestling (5 golds), shooting (4) weightlifting (3) hogged the limelight at the Commonwealth Games but the country got just one gold in these three events put together at the last Asiad, through shooter Ronjan Sodhi in the men’s double trap. That should give a picture of the tough opposition our athletes could face in these events.
Olympic wrestling silver medallist Sushil Kumar’s absence, he pulled out of the Continental event to focus on the 2016 Rio Olympics, has also hurt’s the sport’s chances further.
We will offer a closer look at many of the disciplines over the next few days in the run-up to the Games.

Married tycoon pays $81 000 to kiss Elizabeth HurleyMarried Indian origin tycoon pays $81,000 to kiss Elizabeth Hurley
PTI  Los Angeles, September 06, 2014
First Published: 12:05 IST(6/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:25 IST(7/9/2014)
Comments
A kiss from model-actor Elizabeth Hurley sold for $81,000 (app Rs 49 lakh) at a fund raising auction for Elton John's AIDS Foundation.
It was bought by Canadian tycoon Julian Bharti as part of the auction and dinner at the music legend's Woodside End of Summer Party, which brought in money for the singer's charity, reported E!Online.
The 27-year-old father of three kissed the 49-year-old model full on mouth while the largely celeb crowd cheered on. Bharti is a Person of Indian Origin (PIO) and the eldest son of billionaire Forbes & Manhattan founder and CEO, Stan Bharti.
Hurley looked absolutely stunning in a cream mini dress and gold strappy sandals. She also draped a fur stole around her shoulders and accessorised her look with some neck and ear bling, along with a gold sparkly clutch bag.
Guests including Ian MCKellen, Ellie Goulding and Lulu splashed out $5,100 each on tickets to the exclusive gala, which was held in the grounds of John's mansion in Berkshire.
Advertisement

Telangana CM meets Modi; discusses household survey issuePress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 4:10 pm
Amid reports of friction between the Centre and the Telangana Government, a delegation led by Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao on Saturday called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi and discussed the controversial household survey conducted in the state among other issues.
The Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) government had conducted a massive household survey across the state last month to ascertain comprehensive information on citizens, an exercise which attracted criticism from certain quarters.
The survey had created apprehension among people hailing from Seemandhra region who reside in Telangana that it was meant to identify Seemandhra natives.
“We have told the Prime Minister that we have done the survey and got the best of it. We informed him (about) the benefits of the survey,” TRS Rajya Sabha MP K Keshava Rao told PTI after the meeting.
Keshava Rao asserted that the survey was conducted only to know the true facts on the ground against the backdrop of alleged excess ration cards.
“There are 80 lakh households, but 1.2 crore ration cards. We wanted to know what is reason behind it… So, we thought that the best thing would be to get the real picture.
We had no other intention,” he said.
The Chief Minister was accompanied by his party MPs.
Keshava Rao also said that the delegation has urged the PM to consider a second airport for Hyderabad in the northern part of the city.
“Already, we have an airport in the southern part of Hyderabad. We have requested for another airport in the northern part of the city.”
Telangana special representative to Delhi, Venugopalachary said the meeting lasted for 30 minutes, during which about 20 issues ranging from power to setting up of educational institutions were discussed.

Tainted by Arvind Kejriwal  Nitin Gadkari still looks to forgiveApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Priyanka Chopra powers  Mary Kom  box office collections to Rs 8.5 cr on Day 1Apple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

BJP will not indulge in horse-trading to form government in Delhi: Rajnath SinghUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Jammu: With speculation of the Bharatiya Janata Party being invited to form government in Delhi being rife, Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Saturday said a call will be taken once formal proposal is received from the Lieutenant Governor even as he dismissed any attempt to form government by poaching MLAs of other parties.
The Home Minister who is on a day's trip to the Jammu and Kashmir to assess the flood situation, said Delhi Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung is free to call any party for government formation and BJP is the single largest party.
"If invited we will think about it. BJP does not believe in horse-trading. BJP will never favour a government with horse-trading," Singh said.
Rajnath said said Delhi Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung is free to call any party for government formation and BJP is the single largest party.
The BJP is likely to be invited to form a government in Delhi with Lt Governor sending a report to President Pranab Mukherjee seeking permission to call the single largest party to take a shot at power though it is well short of majority in the Assembly.
In his report, Jung gave a detailed analysis of the political situation in the city and underlined the need to have an elected government for Delhi which is under President's rule since February 17 following resignation of the AAP government.
Aam Aadmi Party and Congress have come down hard on Jung for his report and accused him of promoting "horse-trading".
Last week the parties had cautioned the Lt Governor not to take any "unconstitutional move" by inviting the BJP to form the government. Both the parties have been demanding immediate dissolution of the Assembly, saying keeping it in suspended animation will encourage horse-trading.

Motorola: India as one of the biggest marketsMotorola sees India as one of the biggest markets globally
Danish Khan, ET Bureau Sep 6, 2014, 02.29PM IST
Tags:
India
(The company upgraded its…)
NEW DELHI: Motorola Mobility sees India as one of the biggest markets globally, a top official said, as the company that would soon become part of the Lenovo group launches upgraded versions of its smartphones and a new smartwatch.
"The Indian market is massive and tremendously important to us. We completely believe in what we are doing here. Now, we are able to grow on the portfolio we have. It's getting more exciting for us," Senior Marketing Director Marcus Frost told ET Friday.
The company upgraded its smartphone portfolio with the launch of improved versions of the Moto G and Moto X smartphones. It is bringing these devices along with its first smartwatch, Moto 360, to India simultaneously with their global launches.
Motorola has high ambitions from its new smartphones, Marcus said, and added that it will bring the next significant update of the Android operating system, Android L, to these new devices.
The latest Moto G is available in the market starting Friday, while the Moto X and the Moto 360 smartwatch will be available later this month.
Marcus said the company has learnt a lot from the Moto G, which ran out of stock in the first couple of days of launch. "We corrected that instantly, which shows the might of Motorola at the background. We are able to turn around situations very quickly. But also we are constantly learning."
Both Flipkart and Motorola are equipped to handle demand for the latest Moto G smartphone in India, he said. "We are bringing a lot of units."
Motorola has seen huge success in the Indian market for the Moto G and Moto E as the company broke in to the top five smartphone vendors in India in the last quarter, within a year of re-entering the market. It was at the fourth spot in the quarter through June, according to handset sales tracker Canalys.
According to Flipkart's vice president for retail and head of brand alliances, Michael Adnani, 1.6 million Motorola smartphones have been sold in the country till date.
The Indian market has lately seen increased competition post the entry of vendors like China's Xiaomi. Marcus said India has always been a ferociously competitive market and Motorola was keeping an eye on its competition.
Besides smartphones, Motorola sees opportunity in the wearable space, though others like Samsung have seen lukewarm response for their smartwatches. "We have been providing enough information about this product to test the appetite in India as well as other markets. People that are interested in watches are our target customers. We are targeting the mass market for the Moto 360," Marcus said. "The Moto 360 is a watch first. As you live with Moto 360, it gets better and better."
Motorola is working with Flipkart on a marketing plan for its new devices.
On the status of Lenovo's acquisition of Motorola Mobility, Marcus said the company would be a part of the Lenovo family in a matter of weeks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Kerala asks CBI to probe RSS activist murder caseKerala asks CBI to probe RSS activist murder case
PTI  Thiruvananthapuram, September 06, 2014
First Published: 16:12 IST(6/9/2014) | Last Updated: 16:40 IST(6/9/2014)
Comments
Congress-led UDF government in Kerala on Saturday said it has decided to hand over to CBI the investigation into the recent murder of RSS leader Manoj, allegedly by CPI-M workers in Kannur district.
Announcing the decision at a press meet here, state home minister Ramesh Chennithala said a notification in this regard would be issued soon.
Describing the murder as a heinous crime, Chennithala said the decision was taken based on the state DGP's recommendation which stated that the case has a wider conspiracy angle.
Chief minister Oommen Chandy had in a letter on Friday informed Union home minister Rajnath Singh that all accused in the murder have been arrested and produced before a court.
On September 2, Singh had a telephonic conversation with Chandy and had expressed concern over the killings of political and social activists in the state.
The home minister had asked Chandy to take strict action to stop such political killings.
Quoting the DGP's report, Chennithala said the culprits' foreign and outside the state connection also could not ruled out.
The state BJP leaders had submitted a memorandum to chief minister Oommen Chandy seeking a CBI probe into the murder.
Manoj, a district functionary of the RSS, was hacked to death by an unidentified gang on September 1.
The killing shocked the Sangh outfits as it happened on a day when BJP president Amit Shah was in Thiruvanathapuram.
RSS-BJP leaders alleged that the CPI(M) was behind the killing and gave a call for a dawn-to-dusk hartal in the state on September 2.

Amit Shah on 2-day visit to West Bengal; to chalk out plan for BJP expansionUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi/Kolkata: Buoyed by its vote swell in West Bengal in Lok Sabha polls, BJP President Amit Shah on Saturday embarked on a two-day visit to the state in his bid to strengthen the party base and consolidate the gains to project it as an alternative to Left and Trinamool Congress there. Shah, who is visiting the state for the first time after taking charge as BJP chief, would be meeting the office-bearers of the state to discuss the present situation in the wake of alleged repeated attacks on BJP workers.
He will also address the West Bengal BJP unit meet which started its two-day brain storming session on Saturday to chalk out strategy to counter the ruling Trinamool. The new BJP President will start his day on Sunday in the West Bengal capital by seeking the blessings of Goddess Kali and then hold a meeting of the state executive.
He is expected to discuss strategy to help BJP expand its support base and make electoral gains in the state with special emphasis on the need for strengthening the party at the village level, sources said. Shah will also address a public rally in the famous Bow Bazaar area. Though it won only two Lok seats in West Bengal, the BJP's vote share swelled to 16.8 per cent in the state in the last Parliamentary elections and the new BJP chief has embarked on this ambitious plan of consolidating on the gains.
The new BJP President will start his day on Sunday in the West Bengal capital by seeking the blessings of Goddess Kali and then hold a meeting of the state executive.
During his recent visit to Kerala, Shah had made clear that West Bengal was on his radar where he hopes BJP will emerge as viable option for voters in the state polity. The Trinamool Congress (TMC) has been targeting BJP post Lok Sabha elections with Chief Minister and party chief Mamata Banerjee leading the charge.
BJP has alleged that its workers at the grassroots level face repeated attacks at the the behest of the TMC. Its workers were also killed in Birbhum district and in Sandeshkali area in the state after which the party top brass had sent two fact-finding teams to assess the ground situation and the reasons behind the attacks.
A delegation of BJP leaders which had visited the state in June had termed the law and order in Bengal as "precarious" and asked Home Minister Rajnath Singh to take urgent measures to rectify it. Targeting the Banerjee government, the five-member team of BJP leaders had alleged that the violence could be "state-sponsored" and that the border area with Bangladesh is the "new home for Islamic fundamentalist groups which being patronised" by TMC government for votebank politics.
TMC, however, refuted these charges and accused BJP of fomenting communal discontent. West Bengal has been ruled for almost three decades by the Left, which was dethroned by Banerjee-led TMC in 2011.

WB: Woman held for faking CM Mamata Banerjee s voice to demand money from 2 TMC leadersUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Barasat: A woman has been arrested for impersonating West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee over phone in North 24-Parganas district.
Deputy Commissioner (Detective Department) Barrackpore Commisionerate C Sudhakar said Ananya Biswas, a resident of Khardah, was arrested two days ago on a charge of faking Banerjee's voice demanding cash from two senior TMC leaders in the district.
"Didi bolchi" (Didi speaking) was what the woman told chairman of Titagarh municipality Prashanta Chowdhury who received the call first.
A woman has been arrested for impersonating West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee over phone in North 24-Parganas district.
Chowdhury in his complaint to the police alleged that Biswas had asked for over Rs 5 lakh for some welfare activity over the phone four days back.
Chowdhury forwarded the request to another senior TMC leader of Khardah who talked to the lady. This time he smelt something foul and passed the caller's phone number to the police.
The police later found out that the telephone number belonged to Ananya Biswas, Sudhakar said.

Capital gets its second Monkey BarUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Monkey Bar, a popular gastropub, has now opened in Connaught Place. It is its second outlet in the capital.
Owned by Olive Cafés South Private Limited, a subsidiary of Olive Bar and Kitchen Pvt. Ltd, Monkey Bar's first Delhi outlet is located in Vasant Kunj..
The new outlet, perched high aloft P Block in Connaught Place, will open its doors to the public starting September 10.
Monkey Bar, a popular gastropub, has now opened in Connaught Place. It is its second outlet in the capital. ( Group of party people , via Shutterstock)
The latest Monkey Bar is fun, quirky and is inspired by New York, and yet it is truly Indian, according to a statement.
"The interiors evoke the feeling of being in a fun New York-esque space: exposed brick walls, soft wood floors, and large comfortable booths in deep tones, offset by mismatched yet warm lights and fixtures.
"Split across two levels, the space is welcoming and intimate with its own brand of charm. While the facade retains the heritage of the colonial white building, the interiors reflect the industrial and quirky overtones which have become Monkey Bar signatures," read the statement.
Some of the popular recipes and drinks available at Monkey Bar include Delhi 6 Role, Mobar Gymkhana Sandwich, dry aged and wood-fired burgers, cocktails in Nutella jars and copper tumblers, Aam panna with vodka, Galouti Killer served with pav, onions and chutney, Spiked Nachos and Sundae Sandwiches.

Obama anti-jihadist plan ‘strong message of support : Iraq FM"We have repeatedly called on our international partners for help and support because this threat is a very deadly threat", said Obama. ( Source: AP )
Agence-France Presse | Baghdad | Posted: September 6, 2014 5:26 pm
US President Barack Obama’s plan for an international anti-jihadist coalition is a “strong message of support” for Baghdad and its fight against militants, Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari said on Saturday. “We welcome that, and we have repeatedly called on our international partners for help and support because this threat is a very deadly threat… not only to the people of Iraq or the region, but to Europe, to America, to NATO,” Zebari said.
“This is basically our fight… but we need the support — our capacity is limited, and we need the support to enhance our capacity,” he said.
“Nobody’s thinking of any ground troops at this stage — they are calling for air support, for tactical support, for arming the forces on the ground, like the (Kurdish) peshmerga, the Iraqi security forces, and also to provide…intelligence, reconnaissance,” he added.
Obama outlined plans at a NATO summit on Friday for a broad coalition to defeat the Islamic State (IS) jihadist group, which led an offensive that overran chunks of five Iraqi provinces in June, and also holds significant territory in neighbouring Syria. The initial militant drive swept Iraqi security forces aside, but the federal government won its first major victories of the conflict in recent days, breaking a months-long siege of one town and retaking other territory from the militants.

India open to alternative steps to curb incursions: Rajnath SinghPress Trust of India | Jammu | Posted: September 6, 2014 5:17 pm
Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Saturday said India may resort to “alternative steps” if negotiations with neighbours on incursions do not yield fruitful results.
Singh, who is on a day’s tour to Jammu and Kashmir to assess flood situation was asked about incursions by Chinese army in Leh area to which he replied that incursions were happening earlier also.
“Our Jawans are guarding our borders and there will be no let up in the vigil. The government wants to resolve all issues with its neighbours through dialogue but alternative steps can be taken if they don’t believe in negotiations,” Singh said without specifying the neighbouring country.
Jammu and Kashmir has seen incursions from Pakistan as well as China.
When asked whether the centre and the state are on confrontational path following a resolution passed by Jammu and Kashmir Legislative Assembly seeking resumption of dialogue with Pakistan, the Home Minister said there is no confrontation and the centre and state have cordial relations.
Recently, PLA personnel entered Charding Nilu Nullah Junction in Demchok sector on their vehicles claiming it to be Chinese territory, official sources had said.
The PLA soldiers who wanted to have a round of the area were stopped by the Indian army and personnel of Indo Tibetan Border Police, a force which guards the India-China border.
After a 30-minute long stand-off followed by a banner drill where armies of both the countries warned each other against moving a step forward, the PLA personnel returned to their side, the sources said.
Earlier they had entered through Chumar, located 300 km east of Leh, on July 13 only to be confronted by Indian soldiers and after the usual banner drill between the two sides, the PLA patrol went back.
On the western front, Pakistan troops had recently violated the ceasefire by targeting Indian forward posts with small arms and automatic weapons along the LoC.

BJP will not resort to horse-trading to from govt in Delhi: RajnathPress Trust of India | Jammu | Posted: September 6, 2014 5:03 pm
With speculation of BJP being invited to form government in Delhi being rife, Home Minister Rajnath Singh today said a call will be taken once formal proposal is received from the Lt Governor even as he dismissed any attempt to form government by poaching MLAs of other parties.
The Home Minister who is on a day’s trip to the Jammu and Kashmir to assess the flood situation, said Delhi Lt Governor is free to call any party for government formation and BJP is the single largest party.
“If invited we will think about it. BJP does not believe in horse-trading. BJP will never favour a government with horse-trading,” Singh said.
BJP is likely to be invited to form a government in Delhi with Lt Governor Najeeb Jung sending a report to President Pranab Mukherjee seeking permission to call the single largest party to take a shot at power though it is well short of majority in the Assembly.
In his report, Jung gave a detailed analysis of the political situation in the city and underlined the need to have an elected government for Delhi which is under President’s rule since February 17 following resignation of AAP government.
Aam Aadmi Party and Congress have come down hard on Jung for his report and accused him of promoting “horse-trading”.
Last week the parties had cautioned the Lt Governor not to take any “unconstitutional move” by inviting BJP to form government. Both the parties have been demanding immediate dissolution of the Assembly, saying keeping it in suspended animation will encourage horse-trading.

TN Govt drops V Moorthy  inducts BV RamanaaTN Govt drops V Moorthy, reinducts BV Ramanaa
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, Sept 6:  
The Tamil Nadu Government has dropped V Moorthy from the council of ministers, according to a press release from the Governor.
The release said the Governor has accepted the recommendation of the state government dropping Moorthy, the Minister for Milk and Dairy Development.
The Government has inducted BV Ramanaa into the Cabinet. He will handle the portfolio of milk and dairy development, the release said.
Ramanaa had previously been the Revenue Minister when he was dropped from the cabinet earlier this year.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Most Popular

Commuters demand bus bays at T. Nagar terminusUpdated: September 6, 2014 18:45 IST
Commuters demand bus bays at T. Nagar terminus
T.S. ATUL SWAMINATHAN
The Hindu Chaos rules: The terminus is too small to have dedicated bus bays. Photo: M. Karunakaran
TOPICS
Chennai
With a huge fleet of buses being operated from the facility, there is a need for a systematic design.
The T. Nagar bus terminus suffers from a problem of plenty. Too many buses, far too many to be accommodated in the available space. Only a few weeks ago, a few more bus services were added to existing route numbers.
No, we are not implying that there are too many buses than are necessary. Each of the buses being operated from the terminus meets a deeply felt need. It is just that the terminus is too small to have dedicated bus bays for route numbers, which results in confusion for commuters.
They look like children ‘going round a mulberry bush’ as they try to locate their route numbers.
It is one of the most crowded bus terminuses in the city. There are so many buses plying from here that commuters have to squeeze through gaps to board the buses,” S. Malini, a commuter, said.
“Commuters get exhausted after walking through the entire terminus to locate a bus. Senior-citizens and women are the biggest sufferers. Regular announcements are made through a Public Address System about buses leaving the terminus. We get jabbed by people hurrying to catch their buses,” J. Venkatesan and Kavitha Venkatesan said.
Because of this, many commuters ‘strategically’ position themselves at the gates of the terminus to avoid the tiresome scouting exercise. “If we are not able to find our route numbers in the terminal, we go to Police Quarters Road to board the buses,” Malini added.
But, the stretch is used as a public lavatory and the unbearable stench makes it difficult for commuters to even stand there. For making commuting easier, many want MTC to create dedicated bus bays like in the Broadway Bus Terminus, where certain route numbers are parked on- Frazer Bridge Road and Rattan Bazaar Road.

Suspected IM operative remanded to 10 days police custodyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SpiceJet tickets for Rs 599  Rs 1 999 till Sept 10Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

CAG says previous Congress govt in Andhra Pradesh caused thousands of crores worth losses to exchequerThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

The whole affair of promoter`s actions smell fishy.Platinum Member
282 Followers
I wish if the Promoters now buy atleast the same qty which they have sold to restore the confidence of the investors.The differance between the sale price and the buy price will still give them enough cash to meet their fund requirement for the social cause.They can later on sell when above 100 as the likes of Infosys and Wipro have done in the past.

Joining punj lloyd from reliance power  chalasani would work closely w...Silver Member
33 Followers
Joining Punj Lloyd from Reliance Power, Chalasani would work closely with Atul Punj, the group chairman, and lead the entire management team from the company’s corporate headquarters in Gurgaon. “This is a significant development for Punj Lloyd. J P Chalasani’s proficiency in handling challenging assignments is well established and I am confident that his experience and expertise will augment the company`s global operations and increase shareholder value,” Atul Punj said
In reply to : ashmaxim message
7.03 PM Sep 6th

Yes willwin  i know some of the projects they burnt their hands with h...Silver Member
33 Followers
Joining Punj Lloyd from Reliance Power, Chalasani would work closely with Atul Punj, the group chairman, and lead the entire management team from the company’s corporate headquarters in Gurgaon. “This is a significant development for Punj Lloyd. J P Chalasani’s proficiency in handling challenging assignments is well established and I am confident that his experience and expertise will augment the company`s global operations and increase shareholder value,” Atul Punj said
In reply to : ashmaxim message
7.03 PM Sep 6th

For you it may be a junk stock. but for me it is a gem  kohinoor gem. ...Dear M,
See somebody said you " Saalee.....On FreshTrop" I did not mark that message and defended you.
However on many account you need to come clean, be sensible and honest to investor.I will support you.
Number of Followers are not a real reflection of your potential.I got a lot.Some got 10K follower as well.When I had 1 follower I remain raj,today they grow every day because I post more albeit a responsible one.It is nice to have follower but again you are pitching them in your mess.
Its about being pro investor, come up with nice idea, back it with your data.If you argue certain counter will grow then provide your insight with certain points.A HEALTHY ACADEMIC CIVILISED discussion.
A MERE REGURGITATION OF WORDS will not do.Finally as you said RESPECT COMES FROM HEART true when someone is in relationship.HERE RESPECT COMES FROM YOUR ONLINE BEHAVIOUR.QUALITY of your Post and PROFITABILITY and SENSE OF SECURITY in the mind of fellow borders.
Wish you good luck!!!

Columbia Student Drags Her Mattress Around Campus Until Her Rapist Leavesreddit
Emma Sulkowicz is a senior visual arts student at Columbia University. On the first day of her sophomore year, she says, she was raped by a classmate on her mattress .
"Rape can happen anywhere," she explains in the video above. "For me, I was raped in my own dorm bed. Since then, it has basically become fraught for me, and I feel like I've carried the weight of what happened there with me everywhere since then."
Sulkowicz' senior thesis, titled "Mattress Performance" or "Carry That Weight," is a literal expression of that emotional weight. In what she calls an endurance art piece, she will drag her mattress everywhere she goes on campus until her rapist is expelled or leaves. The project, she says, could extend for one day or for the entire remainder of her time at Columbia.
"The past year or so of my life has been really marked by telling people what happened in that most intimate private space and bringing it out into the light," she says. "So I think the act of carrying something that is normally found in our bedroom out into the light is supposed to mirror the way I've talked to the media and talked to different news channels, etc."
When Sulkowicz's case made it to a university hearing seven months after the actual incident occurred, administrators were confused about how anal rape could happen and she had to draw a diagram. The experience left her feeling physically ill.
Two other women came forward to say they had been assaulted by the same student , but all believe their cases were mishandled, in part by mistake-riddled record-keeping on the part of university authorities (note: aliases were used in early reporting on the case to protect the identity of those involved).
Their alleged attacker was found not responsible by the university, and remains at the school.
"I was so naive that I guess I thought they would just believe me because I was telling the truth," Sulkowicz told The Huffington Post in February. "I didn't expect the school was going to try to not take my side."
Sulkowicz was one of 23 students who filed a federal complaint against Columbia for mishandling sexual assault cases, in violation of the gender equity law Title IX. The U.S. Department of Education has yet to determine whether it will investigate the university.
"Carry That Weight" is especially powerful protest against injustice, while also forcing her community to face the emotional and physical trauma of sexual assault. While one of her rules for the performance is that she can't ask for help carrying it around, Sulkowicz said others are allowed to offer their help.
"I'm hoping that not only do I get better at carrying the mattress, but... I'm very interested in seeing where this piece goes and what sort of life it takes on," she says.
Additional reporting by Tyler Kingkade.
Need help? In the U.S., visit the National Sexual Assault Online Hotline operated by RAINN . For more resources, visit the National Sexual Violence Resource Center's website .
Also on HuffPost:
More:

Monsoon winds head right into Jammu and Kashmir  Punjab  HimachalMonsoon winds head right into Jammu and Kashmir, Punjab, Himachal
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, September 4:  
Heavily moisture-laden monsoon winds are now fanning right into Jammu and Kashmir in the extreme north of the country and adjoining north-west India.
Other areas being covered include Punjab and Himachal Pradesh, an India Met Department outlook said, confirming forecasts made by various international weather models.
Twin ‘low’s
The low-pressure twins are now active over west Rajasthan to the north and Kutch in Gujarat to the southwest and their performance is being stepped up by passing western disturbances.
The Met had forecast heavy to very heavy rainfall over Jammu and Kashmir, west Rajasthan, east Rajasthan, Punjab, Saurashtra and Kutch for Thursday.
Its outlook was for heavy rainfall over east Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh, Haryana, Odisha, coastal Karnataka and Kerala.
As for Friday, it has forecast heavy to very heavy rainfall for Jammu and Kashmir, Punjab and Odisha.
Heavy rain is expected over Rajasthan, east Gujarat, Saurashtra, Kutch, Odisha and coastal Karnataka.
Building ‘low’
By Saturday, the heavy rainfall focus would once again shift back to the east coast with heavy rainfall being forecast for Odisha and coastal Andhra Pradesh.
And expectedly so since this would be the time around when a building low-pressure area would go through the motion even while still being at a base out into the sea (Bay of Bengal).
The new ‘low’ will wait until the current feverish activity over extreme north and northwest India lifts and make a delayed entry into Andhra Pradesh coast, south of where it is actually taking shape.
This would take the next couple of days to happen, and the ‘low’ will once again bring heavy rain into central and adjoining north peninsular India (mainly Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh and Odisha).
Westerly front
But latest forecasts suggest that it will run into a barrage of rampaging westerlies over central India, breaking free as they do subsequent to clearing of air over Rajasthan and Gujarat.
The westerlies might cause the ‘low’ to shift gear and head a little to the north where it is seen parking over northwest Madhya Pradesh and adjoining east Rajasthan.
Monsoon watchers are also looking for signs for abatement of sea-based weather activity in the Arabian Sea and Bay of Bengal by mid-week next week when the causative upper level wave would exit the Bay.
The Madden-Julian Oscillation wave is predicted to enter South China Sea/west Pacific to set up clouds and kick off a rainy spell over the Maritime Continent (Indonesia, et al).
(This article was published on September 4, 2014)

China to limit foreign TV shows on video-streaming sitesBy Jiaxi Lu September 5 Follow @JiaxiLuReports
The Big Bang Theory (Photo: Michael Yarish/Warner Bros)
Five months after Chinese regulators suddenly took down popular American TV series “The Big Bang Theory” along with three other shows from Chinese video sites, a new limit on foreign television shows is reportedly in the works.
China is reportedly going to impose a new limit on the number of foreign television shows that online video-streaming services can offer, according to the Wall Street Journal, citing people familiar with the matter. The new policy aims to make sure foreign TV shows comprise no more than 30 percent of the content on Chinese video-streaming sites such as Youku and Sohu.
Whether the 30 percent cap referred to the number of titles of TV shows or the number of show’s episodes is yet unclear. Neither Youku nor Sohu responded to requests for comment.
“The regulator has been collecting data about episodes of different online programs from major video sites for quite a while,” the Journal quoted  one executive of a domestic video site as saying. “The agency has done quite a lot of homework for this policy.”
The new restriction could have some impact on the business models of sites such as Youku, Sohu and Tencent, since these sites usually pay for the rights of the TV shows, stream them at no cost to viewers and profit from advertisements.
Foreign TV shows take up more than half of the video content on Chinese video sites, according to a report by Chinese state media. “Sherlock” from the U.K. and “House of Cards” from the U.S. have topped China’s must-watch lists. Sohu, a major video-streaming site in China, has drawn more than 120 million views a month streaming “The Big Bang Theory.”
Questions about intensified government control over online video contents have been raised since Chinese audience who went online to watch “The Big Bang Theory,” “The Good Wife,” “NCIS” and “The Practice” in April but only found an announcement saying that “the episode cannot be watched due to government policy.”
Most complaints on social media came from the Chinese audience of “The Big Bang Theory,” a sitcom whose main characters are nerdy science guys.
There is a demographic reason why fictitious nerds from CalTech have charmed millions of Chinese viewers, Liz Carter wrote in Foreign Policy . One of China’s popular words in 2013 was “diaosi,” a term used to describe poor and girlfriend-less geeks. While it may seem odd that young Chinese are willingly to label themselves as “diaosi” — sometimes translated as losers — it actually reflects a phenomenon of Chinese youth blaming the lack of material, romantic and professional success on the country’s gender imbalance, high cost of urban living and low social mobility.
After the show was removed from online video sites, many have questioned if the Chinese regulators removed the show to gain profits by directing viewers to the state-run channels from online sites. Only days after “The Big Bang Theory” was taken down, the state-run broadcast channel CCTV began to air “Game of Thrones” and confirmed that the channel is in the process of translating and editing a “Green edition” of the “The Big Bang Theory” that will not contain any inappropriate scenes.
“Regulators should at least clarify why they are banning ‘The Big Bang Theory’ while keeping shows that actually could have negative influence on children,” one Weibo user wrote. “If government regulators never explain their decisions, they will begin to lose their credibility among the public.”
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business/technology, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409914901/1409914901000/1409914901 tracking: {authors=Jiaxi Lu, blog_name=technology, content_category=Business/technology, in_url_headline=chinese-regulators-to-limit-foreign-tv-shows-on-video-streaming-sites, post_id=394, section={section=business/technology, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 11:01:41 AM close date: Sep 19, 2014 11:01:41 AM

This time for the common manUpdated: September 5, 2014 16:56 IST
This time for the common man
MADHUR TANKHA
Special Arrangement A model in Deepak Perwani's garmet
Special Arrangmenet TDAP Chief Executive S. M. Muneer
TOPICS
lifestyle and leisure
The second edition of lifestyle exhibition, “Aalishan Pakistan”, will showcase more than just special goods from across the border
Establishing people-to-people contact in an environment of trust and friendship between India and Pakistan is the principal agenda of the Trade Development Authority of Pakistan. To fulfil this objective, the TDAP will present its famed cuisine, exquisite carpets and clothes in a four-day-long lifestyle exhibition beginning on September 11 at Pragati Maidan in New Delhi.
Since the exhibition’s conceived to epitomise lifestyle and grandeur, the organisers have named it Aalishan Pakistan. In the earlier edition, the Pakistani delegation comprised 200 members of the trading community. This time, the TDAP is keen on taking the bi-lateral ties to a new high with the new dispensation at the Centre. It is coming with a 300-strong delegation and has a roadmap for building strategic partnerships with Indian partners which would eventually lead to employment for small scale workers in both countries.
The visiting delegation will showcase a wide array of leather merchandise, ubiquitous onyx, advancement in agro industries, embroidered carpets and trendy outfits apart from exploring bi-lateral opportunities between the two nations.
Also on the cards is a fashion extravaganza with the participation of top notch designers like Sami, Umar Sayeed, Deepak Perwani and Warda Saleem. They will show the outfits which are much sought after here during expositions at IITF or Dilli Haat.
Speaking to this correspondent on the phone from Pakistan, TDAP chief executive S.M. Muneer says it is a “win-win situation” for both countries as the event will facilitate interaction between prominent Pakistani manufacturers of onyx, carpet, lehengas and saris with Indian buyers and manufacturers.
“The event will help people on both sides of the border to get livelihood opportunities.
Millions of Indians and Pakistanis will benefit materially from this event. Pakistan would like to get cheaper Indian goods instead of importing the ones manufactured in the Far East at exorbitant rates.
Similarly, if India gets economically-priced goods from our country it should be able to access them. Not only the business community will reap the advantages but also more small scale workers belonging to both neighbours. This is our aspiration.”
For Muneer getting more business opportunities for Pakistani manufacturers is a necessity and his insistence on a level playing field sounds logical.
“Right now the tilt is heavily in favour of India. It is currently one to five ratio. We want our domestic industry to survive. People on both sides need to benefit.”
If this is a business-to-business event then will the public be able to access these goods?
“Surely, this event is for the public. We want to make Aalishan Pakistan a memorable event.”
Since the highest footfall is in the Pakistan pavilion at the trade fair, is Pakistan contemplating sending famous chefs to prepare their delicacies?
“Yes, we know that Indians love food from our side of Punjab or the North West Frontier Province. So we are sending our famous khansamahs to cook Mughlai delicacies for the Indian public.”
The TDAP chief executive was non-committal on the prospects of a collaborative venture between Pakistani designers and Indian couturiers like Rohit Bal, JJ Valaya, Tarun Tahiliani and Ritu Beri.
An art exhibition at Hotel Lalit will also be held.

Starbucks expanding its line-up with express stores  upscale tasting roomBy Sarah Halzack September 5 Follow @sarahhalzack
A Starbucks drink waits for a customer to pick it up as barista Josh Barrow prepares another. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren)
It may already feel like there’s a Starbucks on every corner.  But with an announcement Friday that the coffee giant plans to launch express stores in 2015, the company has created a format that it hopes will push it deeper into urban neighborhoods and gain it even more traction with convenience-oriented consumers.
The express stores will be smaller than traditional Starbucks cafes and will offer a limited menu.  The company says the stores will emphasize a commitment to convenience by offering mobile ordering and the Starbucks digital payment platform. Starbucks said that its locations with drive-thru windows have higher-than-average sales growth, signaling that there are dollars to be made with commuter-focused express stores.  The first express store is to open in New York in early 2015.
The coffee company is also slated to open a Starbucks Reserve Roastery and Tasting Room in its hometown of Seattle later this year.  The company has dubbed the space a “union for Starbucks of coffee theatre and manufacturing.” It will offer a tasting room experience for learning about coffee, a retail space for purchasing its products and a production facility for its small-batch coffees in the Starbucks Reserve line.  The launch of the 15,000-square-foot tasting room comes as many retailers are seeking ways to make shopping in their stores a memorable experience instead of a routine errand.
The increased manufacturing capabilities will help the chain expand its Starbucks Reserve brand, which includes premium coffees.  The company currently offers the line in 800 of its stores and now plans to expand it to 1,500 stores by the end of 2015.
In July, Starbucks said it saw a strong six percent increase in sales in the third quarter and an 11 percent increase in revenue.
Starbucks has undertaken a variety of steps recently to expand its reach and boost its sales.  Much of their efforts have been focused on making Starbucks a place that consumers think of for more than just breakfast and a caffeine pick-me-up.   In June, it added  Fizzio sodas and Teavana Shaken Iced Teas to its menus to expand its beverage offerings.  The company has also been adding beer and wine to its menus as part of an effort to lure customers during evening hours.  Menu items such as parmesan encrusted chicken skewers and chicken sausage & mushroom flatbread have been introduced as dinner-time options. After acquiring bakery La Boulange in 2012, the company began offering those pastries in stores last year, a move aimed at improving its food offerings.
To keep customers lingering longer, Starbucks has begun adding charging mats its stores so people can power up their gadgets. The launch started with stores in the San Francisco area, and plans are to roll it out in other major metropolitan areas next year.
Starbucks also plans to continue growing its fleet of traditional cafes.  The company said it expects to add 1,550 stores overall in 2014 and an additional 1,600 stores in 2015.
 
Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economics news.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409929097/1409929097000/1409929097 tracking: {authors=Sarah Halzack, blog_name=business, content_category=Business, in_url_headline=starbucks-expanding-its-line-up-with-express-stores-upscale-tasting-room, post_id=1569, section={section=business, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 2:58:17 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 2:58:17 PM

Cipla to Acquire Two Units in Goa  Maharashtra for Rs 100 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
Cipla to Acquire Two Units in Goa, Maharashtra for Rs 100 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 05, 2014 20:58 (IST)
Jack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
New Delhi: Pharmaceutical major Cipla Ltd said on Friday that it will acquire two manufacturing units from its contract manufacturer Okasa for Rs 100.93 crore.
The acquisition will be carried out through Medispray Laboratories, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cipla. The decision was approved by Cipla's board at its meeting held on Friday.
"A significant portion of the capacities of the two undertakings are dedicated for the manufacture of Cipla's products. Acquisition of the aforesaid undertakings is expected to yield operational synergies," Cipla said in a filing to the BSE.
The consideration for the above two transactions are Rs 29 crore and Rs 71.93 crore respectively, it added.
"The first manufacturing facility located at Goa is owned by Okasa Pvt Ltd and the second manufacturing facility located at Satara (Maharashtra) is owned by Okasa Pharma Pvt Ltd."
Entities controlled by relatives of the promoters hold a majority interest in the companies, which own the aforesaid undertakings, it added.
Price Waterhouse & Co LLP and Kotak Mahindra Capital have valued the transactions.
Shares in Cipla, on Friday, ended at Rs 557.30 apiece on the BSE, up 1 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 19:15 (IST)

How One Woman Went From Executive Assistant to Executive Coachreddit
To thrive in today's job market you need the right skills. Python, C++, Java... learning these programming languages in today's software-driven world can help you achieve a successful professional career. Fine, but what if you don't want to write code for a living?
What if on the road to self-discovery you find yourself stuck in a job you don't like but feel paralyzed because you don't believe there's anything better elsewhere? You feel lucky to still be earning your biweekly salary, but you find that the overwhelming competition for jobs stymies your ambitions. Or maybe you find yourself held hostage by a pair of golden handcuffs ?
According to a recent Gallup poll , more than one in three Americans say now is a good time to find a quality job. That leaves nearly 70 percent who believe the job market is poor, suggesting they might be holding on to jobs they dislike. To make matters more problematic, a 2013 Pew study found that men are more willing to sacrifice their ethical values in exchange for money or success on the job while women were less inclined to sell out their values. All of these conditions point to a work culture that's perpetuating some degree of fear. It's fear born out of resignation that you won't discover something better and you should just settle for less. What is there to do?
Welcome to life coaching. "If the atmosphere and culture of a company is so far outside a person's core values and comfort zone, people have to admit to themselves that there is a choice to find something more aligned with where they want to be," says professional life and self-described "authenticity coach," Kathleen O'Grady. O'Grady's Raleigh Coaching provides services for professionals who seek greater satisfaction in their work life by uniting their personal goals and passions with their chosen occupation.
But it's not what she does that intrigued me about her, as much as the story of how she got there that inspired me to interview her. O'Grady discovered early on that life's hopes and dreams are often first met with life's painful realities. Upon graduating from the University of Massachusetts in 2001, O'Grady fell victim to a recessionary economy, forced to scramble for any job. She eventually landed on her feet in Stamford, Connecticut, getting work leasing high-end luxury apartments and condominiums. But that kind of work has a plateau, and the salary and bonuses became too meager to live on.
That's when life throws you unexpected opportunities. O'Grady became a professional executive assistant, working for the most successful hedge-fund manager in history . She became intimately involved in the daily functions of the business and came to realize that not all corporations truly represent the mission statements and vision that they purport to uphold. O'Grady began to identify that a phony display of professionalism in some corporations could indicate a true lack of authenticity.
If a company was not going to practice what it preaches, she realized, then it was time to find a new environment in which an employee could be in alignment with his or her own values. Wanting to live life on her own terms, O'Grady discovered coaching through a certificate program. Since then, O'Grady has opened up her own professional coaching service and works to help people realize their professional aspirations.
"People don't have to accept being a victim of circumstance. They don't have to accept living scared in their professional life," O'Grady told me. Life coaching is not a substitute for therapy. Whereas therapy responds to pains and ills stemming from one's life encounters, coaching focuses on fighting fears and discomforts with a person's level of professional and personal fulfillment. "A coach's role is to help people understand that the answers are within them. My aim is to pull solutions from the individual, provide those 'a-ha' moments that can lead them to more satisfaction," said O'Grady.
As a profession, life coaching has exploded across the United States. Millennials in particular now openly embraced this line of work, with projections by the Bureau of Labor Studies indicating that the consulting services industry is responsible for the majority of employment growth in professional and business services today. The International Coach Federation (ICF) has established certification-training programs at a number of major universities across the country. More than 18,000 members make up the ICF, with 49 percent in the United States.
Many performance artists, directors and writers have used life coaches to help them to better define their career and personal goals. For O'Grady, to lead by example is to lead authentically. This means abandoning the golden handcuffs and seeking your true life's calling.
Who knows? A life coach just might be the catalyst you're searching for that can help you tap into your unique genius.
Follow Shane Paul Neil on Twitter: www.twitter.com/shanepaulneil
More:

With more housing projects  cement companies bet on demand revivalHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
With more housing projects, cement companies bet on demand revival
Suresh P Iyengar
To add 56 million tonnes capacity in three years
Mumbai, September 5:  
Cement companies are expected to add 56 million tonnes (mt) capacity over the next three years on expectation of a revival in demand.
The cement capacity in India may register a growth of 8 per cent by next year end to 395 mt from the current level of 366 mt. It may increase further to 421 mt by 2017-end.
Almost all the major cement companies such as UltraTech Cement, ACC, Ambuja Cement and Dalmia Cement have announced expansion plans.
Daljeet S Kohli, Head of Research, IndiaNivesh Research, said cement demand is likely to improve with the Government plan to provide housing for poor. In the South, the demand should come from the Telangana Government’s effort to build a new capital and infrastructure development.
“We expect the capacity utilisation also to improve from here on,” he said.
The southern region (Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Kerala and Andhra Pradesh) will witness the maximum capacity addition of 22 mt followed by 16 mt in the central region, which includes Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh.
The north zone comprising Rajasthan, Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Punjab, Uttarakhand and Haryana may add 12 mt. The capacity addition will be the least in Maharashtra, Goa and Gujarat at 6 mt.
The all-India capacity utilisation may improve marginally to 70 per cent over the next three years from the current level of 67 per cent. Cement companies effort to improve capacity utilisation may result in supply exceeding demand and make it difficult for them to increase prices.
Murtuza Arsiwalla, Research Analyst, Kotak Institutional Equities Research, said the cement sector may remain volatile as fresh capacity addition would cap utilisation level even if demand grows to double digit.
Interestingly, cement demand has crossed 10 per cent growth only on four occasions in the last two decades. It remained in single digits for the last four years, he said.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Sania Mirza  Bruno Soares win US Open mixed doubles titleSania Mirza, Bruno Soares win US Open mixed doubles title
PTI
New York, September 05, 2014
First Published: 23:19 IST(5/9/2014)
print
Indian tennis ace Sania Mirza clinched her third mixed doubles Grand Slam title as she and her partner Bruno Soares overcame a few anxiuous moments in the match tie break to win the US Open on Friday.
The top seeded Indo-Brazilian pair squandered five straight championship points before scoring a 6-1 2-6 11-9 win over Abigail Spears from the USA and Santiago Gonzalez from Mexico in exactly 60 minutes.
Bruno Soares and Sania Mirza pose for photos with the championship trophy after defeating Abigail Spears and Santiago Gonzalez in the mixed doubles final of the 2014 US Open tennis tournament.(AP Photo)
Spears sent a backhand volley long after making it 9-9 from 4-9, as Sania and Soares heaved a sigh of relief.
It was first time that Sania and Soares were playing together as a pair.
"Playing with him is a lot of fun. He did not play with me all these years not sure why?," Sania gushed after the win and confirmed that the pairing will continue for the Australian Open.
Sania Mirza and Bruno Soares react after defeating Abigail Spears and Santiago Gonzalez in the mixed doubles final. (AP Photo)
Sania's previous titles came with compatriot Mahesh Bhupathi. They won Australian Open in 2009 and French Open in 2012.
The 27-year old had reached the Australian Open mixed doubles final this year also but ended runners-up with Romanian partner Horea Tecau.
Sania played well in the women's doubles also, making the semifinals with Zimbabwe's Cara Black.

Obama cogent -- and cautious -- at NATO summitBy Katie Zezima September 5 Follow @katiezez
President Barack Obama speaks during a joint news conference with Estonian President Toomas Hendrik Ilves, September 3, 2014. EPA/VALDA KALNINA
NEWPORT, Wales - President Obama has spent the summer carefully weighing options to confront the world's myriad crises, while much of the world looked to the United States to take charge.
This week, at the NATO summit here in the rolling hills of Wales, Obama and members of his cabinet edged toward action, drumming up coalition support for action against the Islamic State. The president said Friday that a NATO-led group  could reach out to Syrian rebels as possible proxy fighters to fight against Islamic militants.
"There’s great conviction that we have to act as part of the international community to degrade and ultimately destroy ISIL," Obama said, using an acronym for the Islamic State.
But while Obama was cogent during a 25-minute news conference here Friday, he could not shed his innate caution when it comes to potential military action in the region.
"We have been very systematic and methodical in going after these kinds of organizations that may threaten U.S. personnel and the homeland. And that deliberation allows us to do it right," Obama said. "....It’s not going to happen overnight, but we are steadily moving in the right direction. And we are going to achieve our goal."
For years, that kind of patience – or dithering, to his critics – has marked his approach to the civil war in Syria, the cradle of the latest incarnation of the Islamic State.
Meanwhile, that group's own movement has been marked by speed. The Islamic State swept across Syria’s border with Iraq earlier this year to capture in a matter of weeks the country’s second largest city, Mosul, and push on toward the edges of Baghdad.
Obama and the Islamic State have been operating on different clocks.
The president has been hammered on all sides for not being aggressive enough in confronting the Islamic State -- or Russia, as that nation makes increasingly aggressive moves against its neighbor, Ukraine. And so the NATO summit was a chance for for him to try to flex his muscles and lead a coalition in the direction of some sort of action after a summer where he has been chided for appearing weak and indecisive.
“This is a deep struggle for the president within himself,” said Heather Conley, an analyst with the Center for Strategic and International Studies. “His mandate as he’s seen it, his legacy, is withdrawing America from foreign entanglements -- and the last couple of months, what the international scene has been doing is demanding an American response. And this is really the struggle within him.”
A senior administration official said NATO will make overtures to the new Iraqi government on how it can work with it to help defeat the Islamic State. That will not be an immediate step, but it is one that Obama seems to be pleased with, according to a senior administration official.
"I think the boss left here energized that we’ve got the essence of an emerging coalition here," this person, who requested anonymity to discuss sensitive matters, said.
It's a coalition that's taken more than a little time to gel, on several fronts. When Obama announced airstrikes against the Islamic State last month, none of his European allies joined in – not even Britain, which nearly always partners with Washington for military interventions.
While Britain, Germany, France, Italy and other allies have all provided varying degrees of support to the Kurdish forces that are fighting Islamic State head-on, Europe has been reluctant to dive back into another Middle Eastern war. That’s been true even as thousands of Europeans have ventured to the region to fight alongside Islamic State militants –  spurring fears that they’ll soon be back  to carry out attacks on the continent.
Of course, when the threat has been closer to home, joint action has often seemed just as reluctant. For months, European leaders lagged behind Washington  in imposing tough sanctions against Russia, with many fretting that attempts to punish Moscow would backfire and cause serious economic pain at home. The gap in the trans-Atlantic alliance  was widely noted – not least by Russia, which continued its thrust into Ukraine.
But ultimately, Europe caught up. And so, even as some joint strategies remained uncertain, one policy was crystal clear this week: Obama affirmed the U.S. and NATO's commitment to collective defense while in Tallinn -- a clear shot at Putin on the Russian leader's doorstep.
"The defense of Tallinn and Riga and Vilnius is just as important as the defense of Berlin and Paris and London," Obama said.
The speech was broadcast on a massive screen in Tallinn's Freedom Square, as thousands of Estonians cheered.
Griff Witte contributed to this report
Katie Zezima covers the White House for Post Politics and The Fix.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409975284/1409975284000/1409975284 tracking: {authors=Katie Zezima, blog_name=post-politics, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=obama-cogent-and-cautious-at-nato-summit, post_id=96626, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 6, 2014 3:48:04 AM close date: Sep 20, 2014 3:48:04 AM

How Alibaba is preparing for its $21.1 bn IPOHow Alibaba is preparing for its $21.1 billion splashy IPO
New York Times Sep 7, 2014, 03.48AM IST
Tags:
(So far, Alibaba is just dipping…)
By Michael J. De La Merced
It began as a small Internet upstart in China, but now the Alibaba Group is preparing for a splashy debutante party that will stretch from New York to Hong Kong and back again.
The company, which runs two huge online marketplaces in China, plans to kick off a long-awaited roadshow for potential investors Monday. It is the start of a formal effort to drum up interest in what could be the biggest stock market debut in the United States ever if Alibaba succeeds in raising its target goal of $21.1 billion.
The whirlwind tour, which will encompass 100 meetings in 10 days, will begin not in Alibaba's hometown, Hong Kong, but in New York, where shares of the company are expected to begin trading Sept. 19.
Two teams of senior executives, codenamed "Red" and "Orange," will travel with advisers across the United States and then to Europe, the Middle East and Asia.
The sheer breadth of the trip highlights not only the outsize ambitions of Alibaba executives as they seek to establish their company as a global giant on par with Google and Amazon.com, but also the hunger of investors eager for a piece of the booming business.
Even before Alibaba filed for an initial public offering in May, money managers have cleared space in their portfolios for shares in the company.
An amended prospectus Friday revealed just how big Alibaba will be once it is traded publicly. At the midpoint of its expected price range of $60 to $66 in US depositary shares, the company would be valued at nearly $156 billion. That is not far behind Amazon.com and more than eBay, LinkedIn and Twitter combined.
Should the company's IPO hit the top end of its price expectations, it will have surpassed the market debuts of Facebook, General Motors and Visa.
While poised to become a new behemoth, Alibaba cast itself as a champion of small business in its roadshow materials. In an online video that featured animation and music, Joseph C. Tsai, executive vice chairman of Alibaba, outlined the company's plans make people "meet, work and live at Alibaba."
And in a letter to investors Friday, Jack Ma, Alibaba's chairman and co-founder, wrote, "Our proposition is simple: We want to help small businesses grow by solving their problems through Internet technology."
The price range filed Friday gives investors an important hook for valuing Alibaba. At $66 a share, the company would be trading at around 40 times its earnings for the 12
months through the end of March.
 
That ratio is high compared with the broader stock market. But 40 times is below that of other fast-growing technology companies. Facebook's shares, for instance, trade at more than 80 times its earnings in the 12 months through June.
Alibaba's profit margins are very strong, with the company making 43 cents of operating profit for every dollar of revenue that it earns. Its earnings are also growing rapidly. As a result, investors may be willing to pay considerably more than 40 times earnings for Alibaba's stock.
"It's one of the largest e-commerce companies on the planet, and it's still growing faster than almost any other e-commerce company," said Sameet Sinha, an analyst at B. Riley & Co.
If demand seems strong before the offering, investment bankers can increase the price range, as was the case in the Facebook and Twitter offerings. But the bankers may want to underprice the shares somewhat to increase the chance that they rise sharply on their first day of trading.
One element that remains unclear, Sinha said, is whether investors will be wary of a corporate governance structure that concentrates power in the hands of the company's partnership, a select group of insiders like Ma.
The company has embarked on an acquisition spree that included an impromptu purchase of a stake in a major Chinese soccer team and a deal for a stake in a Hong Kong film studio that has since disclosed suspicious accounting practices.
Still, the stock sale is expected to generate a bonanza for the small group of investors who are selling shares. The single-biggest seller is Yahoo, which is contractually obligated to sell a portion of its holdings, and which would reap some $7.7 billion at the midpoint of the price range.
Ma, who oversaw Alibaba's rise, will see his net worth skyrocket as well. Ma will sell only a small portion of his holdings, retaining a stake of nearly 8 per cent. At the midpoint of the range, he could gain $803 million in the IPO, and his remaining shares would be valued at nearly $12.2 billion.
His longtime lieutenant, Tsai, will also see a huge jump in his net worth as well, despite selling a small portion of his shares. His remaining holdings would be valued at roughly $5 billion.
What is perhaps most striking is that other than Yahoo, few shareholders are selling many shares at all.

Music acts look to Groupon  LivingSocial for helpApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Frank-Walter Steinmeier on India visit  to m...Aga Khan Trust
(Steinmeier is accompanied…)
NEW DELHI: German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier will reach here Saturday evening for a Sep 6 to 8 visit.
Steinmeier, accompanied by a high-level business delegation, will also hold talks with Human Resource Development Minister Smriti Irani , Urban Development Minister M. Venkaiah Naidu and Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman .
He is accompanied by a large and high-profile delegation of German Members of Parliament, business people, representatives from the cultural sector and journalists.
Steinmeier will visit a construction site of the Delhi Metro where a German-made tunnel-drilling machine has been used.
Continuing to support the 'Deutsch an 1000 Schulen' project (German in 1000 Schools), Steinmeier will visit a Kendriya Vidyalaya School where he will interact with students.
He will hold talks with several Indian intellectuals and artists and also visit Chausath Khamba in the Nizamuddin area of Delhi. The German foreign office has financially supported restoration of the Chausath Khamba led by the Aga Khan Trust for Culture.
Ahead of the visit, German Ambassador to India, Michael Steiner, welcomed the foreign minister's visit and said, "There is huge potential in closer cooperation in several key areas, like trade, business, education, science, environment and energy. This visit will intensify Indo-German relations and help us make progress in these sectors further strengthening our bilateral ties."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi Police arrest suspected IM operative Ajaz Sheikh in west UPDelhi Police arrest suspected IM operative in UP
Karn Pratap Singh , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 06, 2014
First Published: 12:20 IST(6/9/2014) | Last Updated: 19:27 IST(6/9/2014)
Comments
A suspected Indian Mujahideen (IM) operative reportedly involved in the 2010 Jama Masjid attack was arrested by the Special Cell of Delhi Police in Saharanpur, western Uttar Pradesh, on Friday night.
The arrest of Ajaz Sheikh, 27, could be another major setback to the IM, as intelligence agencies have successfully tracked down and arrested some if its key operatives in the last two years. 
Sheikh, 27, a native of Pune (Maharashtra), was wanted in connection with several terror strikes in India.
 
"We arrested him from Saharanpur on Friday night. He will be taken to Delhi for interrogation," said special commissioner (Special Cell) SN Shrivastava.
Shrivastava told HT that Sheikh had been hiding in Saharanpur for the past few days.
The arrest is expected to boost the morale of Indian security agencies that are on high alert following al Qaeda's announcement of launching a special wing in the subcontinent.
Sheikh is considered a "technical expert" and a key member of the IM. He had been absconding since long and was arrested following a tip-off.
A senior officer said Sheikh was the one who had sent emails to some media organisations after the 2010 Jama Masjid attack in Delhi, claiming responsibility.
On September 19, 2010, two tourists from Taiwan were injured when two bike-borne men opened fire at a tourist bus near Gate No. 3 of the mosque.
About two and a half hours later, a pressure cooker bomb planted in a car abandoned close to the firing spot exploded. The incident had come a few days ahead of the Commonwealth Games in the Capital.
Earlier, in another successful operation in March this year, Tehseen Akhtar, alias Monu, the India operations chief of the IM, was arrested from Indo-Nepal border by the Special Cell.
His arrest had come days after the same unit of Delhi Police had nabbed another top IM operative, Zia Ur Rehman, alias Waqas, from Ajmer in Rajasthan along with three of his associates.
One of the most wanted terrorist of the country, Ahmad Siddhibappa Zarar, alias Yasin Bhatkal, and his key associate Asadullah Akhtar, alias Haddi, were arrested from Indo-Nepal border last year.
(With PTI inputs)

Smriti Irani to build Amethi as political base  pushes for developmentSmriti Irani is planning to bring in developments through the Centre to maintain contact with the people of Amethi. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Amethi | Posted: September 6, 2014 5:31 pm | Updated: September 6, 2014 7:36 pm
Union HRD Minister Smriti Irani had lost the recent Lok Sabha election to Congress Vice-President Rahul Gandhi, but she has no plans of abandoning the constituency, and is planning to develop it as her political base.
Buoyed by the fact that Congress is not in a position to push through new projects for the development of the area, and problems of water, power and roads being state subjects, Irani is planning to bring in developments through the Centre to maintain contact with the people of Amethi.
“The people here are losing faith and getting disenchanted with the state of affairs and are looking ahead for change. Amethi, despite being a high profile constituency for the past so many years, has remained backward,” district unit BJP president Daya Shankar Yadav said.
“Irani is working for the all round development of the constituency, be it in the field of education, roads or the minor problems related to the people of Amethi,” Irani’s poll agent, Uma Shankar Pandey said.
Among the projects for which she has taken an initiative is a district level railway station at Gauriganj for which she also met the Railway Minister, besides development of roads, one of the main concerns of the people here.
“She is working for at least one km long roads in all assembly segments through the PMGSY (Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojna) immediately,” Pandey said.
She has also sought a proposal for rebuilding the 70 houses gutted in a major fire in Baraulia village on July 17.
Besides asking the district administration to identify land for rebuilding the houses, she has asked party workers to prepare a report on whether the houses can come up at the same place or land of the individual who lost his dwelling in the fire. Irani, who as BJP candidate had polled an impressive 3 lakh votes in the Lok Sabha elections, had visited the constituency soon after being inducted into the Union Ministry and said she would contest the polls from this seat next time to develop it as her political base.
In preparation for her battle, she has a host of proposals including setting up of a central school, an Army school, a degree college for girls, on the cards besides a women university depending upon the availability of land.
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi has also worked on developing the area as an educational hub with the setting up of petroleum institute, NIFT, FDDI, IIIT, nursing college and a paramedical science college.
Pandey said the Union Minister who was caught up with her responsibilities in Delhi would be visiting the district soon, possibly within a month.
“A three-member team is already posted in Delhi for Amethi for the problems of the people visiting the national capital like writing letters and coordinating with ministries or taking up issue with the administration among others,” Pandey said, adding that continued…

Wanted: Media directors for ancient Chinese templeFile photo: Monks from the Shaolin Temple in China (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Beijing | Posted: September 6, 2014 5:28 pm
Help wanted: Ancient Buddhist temple famed for its kung fu monks seeks media directors to build brand. English and social media skills required. Not necessary to be a monk, practice martial arts or eat vegetarian.
That online ad placed by China’s 1,500-year-old Shaolin temple already has drawn a brisk response, reflecting the institution’s exalted place in Chinese history and popular culture.
Chinese state media reported on Friday that 300 people have already applied for the two positions available, including business executives, media professionals and recent graduates of top overseas universities. Although the temple’s monks are all male, men and women are both invited to send in their resumes, the reports said.
Calls to the temple’s publicity and assets management offices rang unanswered on Friday.
The move is the latest attempt by the enterprising abbot Shi Yongxin to exploit the temple’s fame in the name of propagating Buddhist thinking and culture.
The temple, its monks and their distinctive form of kung fu have developed into a lucrative business enterprise, raising controversy among some who accuse Shi of over-commercialization. Shi says he’s just defending the temple’s reputation and promoting its values.
Located deep in the mountains of Henan province south of Beijing, Shaolin won fame for its monks’ martial exploits, including the rescue centuries ago of an emperor. It has since been the subject of countless books in movies such as Steven Chow’s 2001 comedy “Shaolin Soccer.”
Since taking over as abbot in the 1990s, Shi has threatened to sue companies that use the temple’s name or image without permission, and served as executive producer for martial arts films centered on the temple. The temple takes in foreign students, runs monthlong executive martial arts retreats, and maintains a website in both Chinese and English.
Shi has used the income to upgrade temple facilities – installing lavish visitor restrooms equipped with uniformed cleaners and TVs. That has brought still more brickbats from traditionalist, and reports said deflecting against media criticism and accusations of overexploitation will be a major part of the job for any media director.
The flexibility over candidates’ requirements shows the temple’s desire to attract top talent, although a knowledge of and appreciation for Zen Buddhist thought and culture is desired.
Reports warned, however, that the position isn’t all glamor and glitz. While Shaolin is a high-profile name, it’s also an ancient temple where asceticism and removal from China’s fast-paced urban lifestyles underpin daily activities, the South Metropolitan newspaper pointed out.
“If you work for Shaolin Temple, you need to be able to handle loneliness,” the paper said, quoting an unidentified person who it said worked at the temple for many years. “Most young people will find this pretty dull.”

Thomas Pynchon made a personal edit to his lines on ‘The Simpsons’ out of loyalty to HomerBy Justin Bank September 5 Follow @bankonjustin
“The Simpsons” has hosted hundreds of guest stars  to voice characters or themselves over the course of its epic 25-year run. Show executives recently shared the story of how one was bold enough to change his lines to defend the honor of one of the characters.
Thomas Pynchon is a celebrated novelist who has kept a famously low personal profile  since shooting to the top of the literary world with his 1974  National Book Award . He’s also, apparently, an unabashed homer for Homer Simpson.
During last week’s FXX “Simpsons” marathon, the show’s executive producer Matt Selman tweeted out an image of a marked up script that Pynchon faxed back with changes to lines that made derisive comments about Homer’s derriere. At the bottom of the page, Pynchon scrawled out, “Sorry guys, Homer is my role model and I can’t speak ill of him.”
The fax sent to us by Thomas Pynchon with his jokes written on the script page pic.twitter.com/wL8Nm6R92I
— Matt Selman (@mattselman) August 28, 2014
The script is from the season 16 episode, “ Alls Fair in Oven War ,” where the cartoon Pynchon is munching on some of Marge’s gourmet chicken wings.
Selman has previously written for Time Magazine about the experience of working with Pynchon and described him as sounding “like a New York Grampa. Gruff but sweet. Good guy.”

How climate change is affecting the world’s biggest food companyThe food world has a few problems on its hands. (Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg News)
Food is a necessity, but it's also a big business.
That duality has often pitted consumers against the powerful food corporations that farm, produce, and ultimately feed large swaths of the global population, especially on questions of health and sustainability. But with national diets in this country leading to obesity and diabetes epidemics  and global issues around poverty, food waste and climate change, consumers and producers are having new discussions about their relationship to one another.
Few, if any, companies will play as central a role in these issues as Nestlé S.A., the world's largest food and beverage company, which makes everything from chocolate (Crunch, Toll House, and Butterfinger) and coffee (Nespresso), to baby food (Gerber), pizza (DiGiorno), milk (Skinny Cow), ice cream (Haagen-Dazs), and packaged meals (Hot Pockets, Lean Cuisine).
I sat down with Nestle S.A.'s vice president and global head of operations José Lopez, who's also often described as the company's head of sustainability, even though the company doesn't technically have someone with that title. We discussed how climate change is affecting the company, how the company is working to affect climate change, what sustainability means in the corporate food world, and the company's responsibility to the people who eat its food, especially given its size.
José Lopez, the Executive Vice President and Head of Global Operations for Nestlé S.A., is pictured. (Source: Nestlé S.A.)
Why doesn't Nestlé have a head of sustainability? 
I am seen by the outside world as the head of sustainability here, because I do attend to issues of sustainability, but in essence we don't have one. The problem is that these positions are often part of public affairs or corporate affairs, or corporate communications, but the story shouldn't be how we talk about sustainability—it should be about what we do about sustainability. So for us, operations comes first and talking comes next.
For some time this was actually a little frustrating to some of our management members, because people didn't know what we were doing behind the scenes. But you cannot work to tell people; you have to work to do the right thing.
What then does sustainability mean for Nestlé?
Sustainability is not only making sure that our business model is able to survive but that we live in a society that is in harmony with what we want our business to be in the future. You have to be relevant, you have to be in tune with what society needs, so that your business can continue to work over the long term.
We are a very long-term oriented company. There was a time when our company decided to take its stock from all trading stock markets aside from the one in Zurich. The reason was that we no longer wanted to do quarterly reporting, because we found that this was nonsense for a company like ours. To change your decision-making on numbers you're going to have to give each quarter, when it takes years to put products in place, build factories, find distribution, and bring forward a brand, doesn't make sense.
But sustainability isn't a static term. It has a very different meaning today than it did, say, 150 years ago, when Nestlé was founded. How has its meaning changed?
On one side of the equation, you have technology, and access to technology. This has a big and positive impact. Society now demands more transparency, because we're able to provide more transparency. Corporations have received a renewed mandate by society. We have to take responsibility for things that in the past we didn't feel we had the legitimacy to. The role that we are given by society is changing, and rapidly, and, in my mind, in a very positive manner.
But we also now know a lot more about what can be done. The science and technology that we already know, and information that we already have, is sufficient to tackle the very pressing issues that the planet, the earth, is facing. We know how to achieve sustainable farming, we know how to achieve sustainable harvesting of many of our key ingredients, but when you look around, you realize that this is just a drop in the ocean. It's just starting.
So the question is how can we scale this up. For that we need to engage everyone, including the media.
What about specific sustainability issues, like climate change. How is climate change affecting Nestlé on the back end, and behind the scenes?
Climate change has many impacts on the value chain. We source a tremendous amount of raw materials, as you can imagine. We are the biggest buyer of cocoa in the world, and one of the biggest buyers of coffee in the world. Both of those commodities have gotten more expensive as a result of climate change.
Are those prices reflected in profit margins for farmers?
They are, and they must be. Otherwise this whole thing will become unsustainable. If there isn't a means for farmers to adapt to climate change, as we see it, then the children of today's farmers will not become farmers.
Farming has to become a different player in the eyes of the consumer. I am convinced that consumers will accept and understand that food cannot be the place where you save most of your money. It has to be the place where you have to have a value understanding. We need to educate everyone about the real value of their purchasing activities.
But what if everyone simply can't afford more expensive food? How do we feed a growing population, given the amount of hunger and poverty that already persists in the world?
The first thing is we need to stop waste. Food waste is an incredible and absurd issue for the world today. The numbers that come around are always in the neighborhood of 30 to 35 percent--meaning that a third of what is produced is wasted, which also has an environmental impact. But beyond that environmental impact is the impact on soil, on water, on the resources and our natural capital that we impose for the benefit of no one.
Unfortunately what happens is poorer countries can't afford to waste food, because it's such a large part of their disposable income, while in the Western world it is such a small part of disposable income that it's okay to waste from an economic standpoint. Because of that waste, you have to raise prices, which the people in those poorer countries, the ones who don't have the money, then have to pay. You see this happening with all kinds of goods around the world.
What is important for companies like ours is to make sure that we don't participate in processes that produce unintended consequences that go against our interests in the long term. That is a perfect example. And we are not going to sacrifice the long-term sustainability of our business for short-term gains.
There's another form of sustainability that more directly affects consumers: Health. We don't know a lot about how foodstuffs affect people, because the narrative is constantly changing. How does a company like Nestlé reconcile that, and deal with those violent swings?
When people talk about the food industry and food companies, they are intuitively referring to packaged goods, and, specifically, branded packaged goods. When you look at the amount of food a human being ingests, the part that is branded packaged goods is actually a very small part. But in terms of total calories or total nutrients, it happens to be the most attractive part, partly because they have been adapted using science to make them taste better.
We have to take responsibility for that. I will be the first one to say that we have done a very poor job explaining to the world why we exist as an industry, what we bring to society, and what the world would look like if we didn't exist.
It's like speaking about packaging. Packaging is a huge source of littering and other negative environmental impact. But can we take packaging away from food? You know what will happen, and immediately? The amount of waste will multiply by who knows how much if we take away packaging from our food system.
Instead we need to sit back and understand that we have an issue with packaging, agree that we have an issue with caloric intake, especially attractive caloric intake because of branding, and take responsibility for improving the health status down the road.
We need to lower the amount of sugar and sodium we have in our food. We also have to apply a better understanding of nutrition and portion control. We have done a terrible job explaining to consumers why we existed, because we were too busy competing with each other.
So, why then does Nestlé exist?
Because it would be impossible to feed 7 billion people, let alone billions more to come, without it. Because we need to preserve food, and safely, so consumers can eat and drink under any condition and in any season. The reason why we exist, primarily, is that human beings decided to live together, because of urbanization.
Today there is a very close relationship between urbanization and the food industry. We have to provide food all the time, during every season, and it needs to be safe, affordable, and so on and so forth. That's our job.
Now, in order to do that job, you shouldn't hurt anybody. You shouldn't hurt the people who produce the food or the people that consume the food. That's what we need to work on.
How far is Nestlé willing to go to achieve that? If there were a product that wasn't good for people to consume, would the company stop selling it?
I don't think there are any products that aren't good for people to consume. There are substances that aren't good for people to consume, and there is always the notion of quantity and portion control. Human beings are able to process a lot of things, and we have the mechanism to live in an environment that isn't always friendly, but we adapt.
What we need is to understand [food] microbiology better. That's where science needs to go. We need to have a better understanding of how food interacts with out health. If we found that something was toxic, we would stop using it. No question.
Every time there is a concern that surfaces from a study, we investigate. The health and safety of our consumers has to be our primary concern, but once we fail that, we're gone.
How can Nestlé and other major food companies ensure that developing countries like India and China don't suffer the same sort of health issues, such as obesity, that are crippling developed countries like the U.S.?
We have to find solutions.
Knowing what we know, we have to make sure that the products we sell are formulated in a way that will not induce excessive consumption or will not imply strict replacement of healthy food by less healthy food. We know how to make a more balanced food, and also a more balanced diet.
The most important thing, though, is education.
When you go to a medical school and ask how many hours students spend on nutrition, it's incredible, because it's so few. When you know that the number one medicine for human beings is food, and yet doctors spend so little time learning what is the right nutrition, that's baffling.
The whole system requires a reset—from health professionals, from food companies, from the producers, but also from the marketers, from the media, and from all the other stakeholders—because, the reality is that population will continue to increase, demands on the food system will continue to stress the system, and our collective lifestyles are driving climate change, which is putting even more stress on producing food.
There is a real sense of urgency here on the need to align the positive impact that every stakeholder can have on this process.
Roberto A. Ferdman is a reporter for Wonkblog covering food, economics, immigration and other things. He was previously a staff writer at Quartz.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409929730/1409929730000/1409929730 tracking: {authors=Roberto A. Ferdman, blog_name=wonkblog, content_category=Business, in_url_headline=how-climate-change-is-affecting-the-worlds-biggest-food-company, post_id=100172, section={section=business, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 3:08:50 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 3:08:50 PM

How women’s tennis fought for equal payBy Jena McGregor September 5 Follow @jenamcgregor
Serena Williams, of the United States, in the quarterfinals of the U.S. Open tennis tournament Wednesday, Sept. 3, 2014, in New York. (AP Photo/Darron Cummings)
When the women in the U.S. Open  tournament take the court on Sunday, they’ll compete for the same prize money as their male peers. Since 2007, when Wimbledon and the French Open joined the other Grand Slam tournaments in giving equal prize money to men and women, tennis has broken down  the gender pay gap.
Stacey Allaster , head of the Women’s Tennis Association, has played a big role in that development. Allaster spoke with The Washington Post about being a female executive in the sports industry and the legacy of Billie Jean King. The interview was edited for length and clarity.
Q. Why has women’s tennis succeeded at equal pay?
A. The WTA was founded on the principles of equality and the empowerment of women through the great Billie Jean King. It was her vision that a women’s-only tour would be commercially successful and that any girl in the world could play professional tennis.
That was a critical time, 1970 to 1973. King was forming the WTA. She was winning Grand Slams. She was getting the USTA [United States Tennis Association] to pay equal prize money — in 1973. And, of course, she beat Bobby Riggs in the Battle of the Sexes  match. When you hear it from Billie, the weight of the world was on her shoulders. It wasn’t about winning a tennis match. It was about showing that women were confident, strong and equal.
Q. You helped secure equal prize money at Wimbledon and Roland Garros. Tell me about that.
A. I was the president of the WTA at the time. Larry Scott was chairman and CEO. But it took decades of effort from great champions like Chris Evert and Martina Navratilova and other advocates.
(Stacey Allaster | Photo courtesy of WTA)
We were at 93 percent of pay in 2006. We launched a public opinion campaign in France and Britain. We presented the data that showed our sponsorship revenues were very strong. We had a strong political campaign in business leaders like Richard Branson. Tessa Jowell, the minister of sport in Britain, was able to get Tony Blair on the House of Commons floor to say that Wimbledon should pay equal prize money.
Our ace was Venus Williams. On the eve of the Wimbledon finals in 2007, Larry said to Venus, “I’d like you to talk to the All England committee about equal prize money. I’m just a suit.” Venus, with her gift of diplomacy, was able to bring it over the line.
Q. What do you make of some of the responses from male players, such as the idea that women should also play five sets if they're going to be paid equally?
A. It's such an old discussion. Really. We said in 1973, and we continue to say in 2014, we're ready, willing and able to play five sets if that's what they'd like us to play. Our athletes are putting in the same effort, same training, and they deserve to be paid equally.
This issue of parity is not a women's issue. It's a societal issue that needs to be resolved by men and women. Having sponsor support and male leadership support in this area has been a key to our success.
Q. Tell me about your plans for growing women’s tennis.
A. Where we think we can play and win is that our athletes are incredibly inspiring on and off the court. We are fundamentally in the entertainment business.
Research tells us that our strategy needs to improve our connection with fans. We need more live content. We have over 2,000 matches played in the WTA, but we’re probably only producing about 700 for television or digital platforms. We’re showing our fans about a third of our total product.
There also came back a resounding, strong demand for a World Cup-type event. The time period we're looking at is potentially 2017. If we just look at sport, which events are massively successful? The Olympic Games. The World Cup. What's the common denominator? Teams. Nations against nations in a team format. Sport is about emotion. Nothing connects a fan more to a sport than national heroes competing. This would be something our association owns. We don't own the Grand Slams. As I said to our membership, someone's going to do this. Do you want to be the leaders and the owners or do you want to be the partners in it?
Q. For the first time since 1977, there will be eight different women finalists in the four Grand Slam tournaments in the same year. In other words, the bench is deep and superstars haven't consistently been winning. Is that a good thing or not for the sport?
A. The last couple of years we've had the established stars — Maria, Serena, Li Na — at the top of the sport; the rising stars; and a new generation coming in. That's created great drama. In 2012, for the first time in our history, we had 10 different nations ranked in the top 10. That's great for driving fan interest, sponsor interest and broadcaster interest.
Q. What is the biggest challenge of being a female executive in the sports world?
A. I was young, ambitious and naive when I came out of college to think that my gender didn't matter, that I was just going to prove myself through hard work and results. Probably by age 32-ish I began to hit the glass ceiling, and the recognition that there was gender bias and gender inequality hit me.
I’m the only female in the world running a global professional sport. Even in our sport — the sport of equality — right now, the International Tennis Federation  does not have one woman on its board.
Read also:
Like On Leadership ? Follow us on Facebook and Twitter .
Jena McGregor writes a daily column analyzing leadership in the news for the Washington Post’s On Leadership section.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business/on-leadership, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409916587/1409916587000/1409916587 tracking: {authors=Jena McGregor, blog_name=on-leadership, content_category=Business/on-leadership, in_url_headline=how-womens-tennis-fought-for-equal-pay, post_id=7508, section={section=business/on-leadership, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 11:29:47 AM close date: Sep 19, 2014 11:29:47 AM

Gold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27 750Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Health Insurance via Credit Card: Few Things to KnowThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Vaishnodevi Yatra suspended for third consecutive dayPrint
PTI | Jammu | Posted: September 6, 2014 6:43 pm
Yatra to Mata Vaishnodevi cave shrine has been suspended for third consecutive day today in view of heavy rains in Jammu and Kashmir as authorities said the pilgrimage would be resumed only after the weather improves. “Yatra to cave shrine remained suspended for third day today in view of heavy rains and bad weather conditions”, officials of Shri Mata Vaishnodevi Shrine Board (SMVSB) said.
Keeping in view the safety of pilgrims in the wake of incessant torrential rainfall and also considering the weather forecast, yatra to the Shrine from Katra-the base camp, has been temporarily suspended till further notice, a spokesman of the Board said. The Yatra was temporarily suspended from 4.00 PM onwards on September 4 in view of heavy rain in the state.
“Yatra to the Holy Cave Shrine of Shri Mata Vaishno Deviji from Katra onwards continues to remain under suspension today also keeping in view the safety of pilgrims in the wake of continuing rains and the closure of the track due to landslides at various places”, he said.
Mandeep K Bhandari, Chief Executive Officer, SMVSB, said on Saturday that the decision about resumption of the Yatra will be taken only after the weather improves and, as such, advised the intending pilgrims to replan their schedule for undertaking the pilgrimage accordingly. Over 4000 pilgrims, who were stranded at Bhawan and other places have been shifted to safer places.
The flood situation in Jammu and Kashmir continued to worsen on Saturday with the death toll mounting to over 100 while rescuers struggled to evacuate thousands of people to safety as major rivers and streams were in spate due to incessant rains.

Sikh man gunned down in PakistanPress Trust of India | Peshawar | Posted: September 6, 2014 6:39 pm
A 28-year-old Sikh man was shot dead by unknown gunmen in the northwestern Pakistani city of Peshawar, the second member from the minority community to be killed in the country in past two days.
Harjeet Singh, who owns a grocery shop, was attacked by motorcycle-borne gunmen outside his shop in the congested Nothia Bazaar.
The man died on the spot and his attackers, who have not yet been identified, managed to flee the area, Dawn online reported.
Riaz Ali Shah, SHO at Gulberg Police Station, said the trader was a resident of Dabgari.
Police is investigating the circumstances around the incident and motive of the attackers.
On Thursday, another Sikh man was stabbed to death by unidentified attackers in northwestern Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province.
On August 6, members of Peshawar’s Sikh community had come under attack with one killed and two injured in a firing incident.
Last month’s attack had led to protests by members of the community who have demanded protection from the government.
Minorities in Muslim-majority Pakistan make up some two per cent of the country’s population of 180 million.
Pakistan has witnessed violence against religious minorities in recent days as Al-Qaeda and Taliban-led militants regularly target Christian, Sikhs, Hindus, Ahmadi and Shiite communities in the country.

Gen V K Singh hits back on tribunal verdict in Sukna land scamPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 6:37 pm
Former Army chief and Union Minister Gen VK Singh, against whom the armed forces tribunal had made some carping comments in the Sukna land scam case, on Saturday questioned the findings against him and the said the government should challenge it in a higher court.
Lt Gen PK Rath, who was given a clean chit by the tribunal, said he felt vindicated by the judgement.
Reacting to the verdict, Singh said instead of issues, the tribunal has made personal attack.
“In the tribunal’s judgment, instead of reacting on issues, personal attack has been made. Perhaps, we hardly get to see such a judgment.
“An issue which was very clear and where corruption was tried to be prevented. Perhaps through such a judgement, people will not get scared of corruption,” former Army chief V K Singh told reporters.
He was commenting on the tribunal’s virtual indictment of his actions as Army Chief in the court martial of former 33 Corps Commander Lt Gen PK Rath, who was given a clean chit by tribunal in the Sukna land scam.
“They also don’t tell anybody that institution was to be constructed on this land and not just a school. Through this judgment, the morale of corrupt people will go up,” Singh said.
“You say that in view of security perspective, an NOC cannot be given on land. But, when new person comes, it is then said that there was no security concern and you don’t tell anybody about anything in this regard which suggest wrong-doing,” he said.
Gen Singh sought to question the tribunal’s knowledge of armed forces saying the “I have nothing to comment on thedecision. The tribunal has an honourable judge who is advised by the retired armed forces officers. What advise the armed forces officers give him is what he goes by because he does not know anything about armed forces.”
“There is a need for people to look at it again. In 77 pages, you do not talk whether there was a scam or not, what was the validity of the whole thing. You only talk of peripheral individual issues and we need to look at it again,” he said.
Gen Singh said the Ministry of Defence goes against several verdicts of the tribunal which are for welfare of troops and expressed hope that it will file an appeal against the verdict.
The Minister said Rath had failed to inform higher authorities about the MoU being signed by the 33 Corps with private builders to build educational institutions on a land which was sensitive in terms of security.
The Tribunal had on Friday allowed Rath’s petition in which he had alleged that Gen V K Singh had given “undue importance” to the case as he had a “serious grudge” against the then Military Secretary Lt Gen Avdesh Prakash whom he held responsible for obtaining a commitment from him on the issue continued…

Brazil s Silva and Rousseff tied in first round: pollThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Investor Camp: Will market s bull run continueThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Thousands displaced as floods submerge 400 villages in Kashmir ValleyUpdated: September 7, 2014 19:30 IST
Rivers submerge more villages in J&K
Zahid Rafiq
Tweet
AP A jawan carries a child after evacuating a family from a flooded area in Srinagar on Saturday.
AP Migrant workers cover themselves with plastic sheets to shield from the rain, as they camp on a highway after the area they were living in was inundated by floodwaters in Srinagar on Saturday.
The Hindu Jawans evacuate flood-hit people in Jammu on Saturday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
Reuters Children with their belongings sit under an umbrella during rain in Srinagar.
Reuters Flood-hit residents are evacuated to higher ground by jawans in Srinagar on Saturday.
Reuters People use a truck to move to safer places through a flooded street after heavy rain in Srinagar on Saturday.
Reuters Men pull a woman from the side embankment of a bridge during rain in Srinagar on Saturday.
SLIDESHOW
There was no let-up in the flood fury in Jammu and Kashmir with incessant rains feeding the already overflowing rivers and streams.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will visit the State on Sunday.
The rivers Jhelum in Kashmir and Tawi in the Jammu region continued to flow far above the danger mark, swallowing houses along the embankments and submerging more villages and towns.
Authorities struggled to rescue thousands of trapped villagers as rain continued to lash the state and officials ran out of boats to reach the marooned. At least nine Army personnel, including an officer, got trapped in the strong currents of Jhelum as their boat capsized during a rescue operation in Pulwama district. Seven were later rescued.
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh visited Srinagar on Saturday and later conducted an aerial survey of the flood-affected areas of Rajouri and Poonch in Jammu.
He said the worst floods in six decades had affected 2,600 villages, 1,600 in Kashmir and the rest in Jammu, with 450 completely submerged.
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah said South Kashmir was inaccessible with rescuers unable to reach the affected villages because of torrential rains.
“We are waiting for a break in the weather,” he said.
Mr. Abdullah briefed Mr. Singh at the Srinagar airport and later himself drove the Home Minister through the waterlogged roads of the city.
Revenue and Relief Secretary Vinod Koul said 50 bridges were damaged and hundreds of kilometres of roads were washed away.
Power installations units had broken down and the state urgently needed 25,000 tents and 40,000 blankets, Mr. Koul said.
Large parts of Srinagar went without power on Saturday. There was no water supply, too, and residents said they had run out of drinking water.
There were no reports so far of food and essential commodities running out, with people stocking up for the worst.
The city resembled a ghost town with schools, colleges, shops and offices shut. Most of the people were moving their belongings to the second floor as flood waters had entered their homes.
Despite the best efforts of the Army, the National Disaster Response Force and the authorities, many complained that they were left to fend for themselves with no help from the government.
“No one is coming to help us. Yesterday the CM came and assured us that the Government would provide us blankets and food but nothing has come yet. Our children are starving,” Nazir Ahmad said.

DGCA cracks the whip on Jet Airways for training deficienciesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SpiceJet announces tickets for Rs 599  Rs 1999 till Sept 10Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Good to know bhai ... happy investing in jp hum saath saath hein :)Platinum Member
314 Followers
Yes advisor as per technicals I shudnt have gone wrong but the news of promoter selling just came in  but they were selling since 70 ...just dial mein bhi aisa hi hua tha within 3 ,mnts it came from 970 /1800 .....jpa mein bhi aisa hi ho raha hai I will average my price below 50 on monday

As per bazaartrend.com: as on friday 5th sep 2014 kgl closed @ 1...119 Followers
As per Bazaartrend.com:
As on Friday 5th Sep 2014 KGL closed @ 1.80 and we RECOMMEND Strong Sell for LONG-TERM with Stoploss of 2.24 and Strong Sell for SHORT-TERM with Stoploss of 1.45 we also expect STOCK to react on Following IMPORTANT LEVELS.
KGL Targets for September

Ms  a lot of people think suzlon to be a rare stock.Forget Bordeaux first growths.
Investors are falling over themselves to snag iconic single-malt scotches and Japan`s rare whiskies
Investors are falling over themselves to snag iconic single-malt scotches like Macallan, Bowmore and Dalmore and Japan`s rare Karuizawa and Yamazaki whiskies. Bars dedicated to the amber liquid have sprung up from Manhattan to Singapore, and prices are rising to dizzying levels. Last week, a bottle of Yamazaki single malt went for $11,064 (Rs 6.7 lakh) at a Bonhams auction in Hong Kong.Sotheby`s sold a six-litre Lalique decanter of Macallan “M“ single malt in January for a record $ 632,238 (Rs 3.8 crore).
“I`m not really an advocate of buying whisky and flipping it,“ said Heather Greene, director of whisky education at the Flatiron Room in Manhattan. “But I`m getting questions from people asking if they should buy a couple of cases and sell them for double.“
Double? Try quintuple. According to the Investment Grade Scotch index, published by Whisky High land in Tain, Scotland, the top 100 single malts delivered an average return of 440% from the start of 2008 till the end of July this year.That compares with a 31% gain in S&P 500 stocks index and a sobering 2% drop in the Liv-ex 100 Benchmark Fine Wine Index.
The price surge is great news for Mahesh Patel, a real-estate developer who has more than 5,000 bottles. “Everything I have is appreciating,“ says 47-year-old Patel, whose cache is insured for close to $6 million (Rs 36.2 crore). “I am a believer of buying two of everything. One to open and enjoy , the other you put away if it`s rare.“
One exception is a Dalmore Trinitas 64-year-old that he bought in 2010 for $166,455 (Rs 1 crore ). Only three were ever made.
As the value of top malts rises, the temptation to keep bottles for investment gets stronger. One reason for the surge in prices is that distillers simply can`t react to the increase in demand fast enough because whisky takes so long to age. Even a standard duty-free Glenfiddich or Glenlivet spends 12 years in the cask. The 1962 Macallan the villainous Raoul Silva offered James Bond in “Skyfall“ was aged for half a century.
The rising demand prompted Rickesh Kishnani, CEO of Hong Kong-based Platinum Wines, to start the world`s first whisky fund in June after raising $4 million (Rs 24.2 crore) in the first round of financing. “There will be a gap in the market for 10-15 years between the supply of rare old single malts and growing demand, particularly in Asia,“ says Kishnani. Part of that demand is coming from wine col lectors who are switching.
“My wine portfolio is not doing very well right now so I am diver sifying into whisky ,“ says SK Yu who attended the August Bonhams auction of Japanese single malts He`s entering a more exclusive arena. There are only about 100 single-malt distilleries in Scotland according to the Scotch Whisky Association, compared with more than 8,000 winemakers in Bor deaux, which produces less than 2% of the world`s wine. Added to the mix are whiskies from Japan which opened its first commercia distillery -Yamazaki -90 years ago. Japanese malts have been made more popular in the West by films like “Kill Bill“ or “Lost in Translation“.
While the frenzy is making some people talk of the bourbon bubble, it doesn`t bother Patel ter ribly much. “I don`t see this as a paper investment, it has inherent value,“ he says. “ At the end of the day you can still open the bottle and enjoy it.“
In reply to : Black blades message
12.56 PM Sep 6th

Brother  went through your site. good it is  do you have feed from mmb...Platinum Member
332 Followers
Boss, this stock Architect is your own web site? It is very nice, informative. Decision making is so simple. And promoting on MMB is free also. Thank you.
In reply to : rameshjain message
5.06 PM Sep 6th

Kingfisher Airlines crisis: TimelineMarch 15, 2012: Kingfisher announces curtailing of its international operations .
March 17, 2012: Revenue dept. threatens to take Kingfisher Airlines to court over alleged service tax evasion, saying the company has not deposited taxes it collected from travellers.
March 19, 2012: Anil Kumar Ganguly, the only independent director on the board of Kingfisher Airlines, quits the company , leaving it with only three board members.
March 20, 2012: Mr. Mallya explains the airline's position to the Directorate-General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) following summons and says that it is suspending all its international operations .
March 27, 2012: Burdened by a debt of over Rs.7,000 crore, the airline suspends operations from Kolkata, Hyderabad, Patna, Lucknow, Thiruvananthapuram and Bhubaneshwar. The airline operated about 120 daily flights by this date, down from more than 400 earlier.
March 28, 2012: The airlines inducts three independent directors in its board to comply with the listing norms.
April 2, 2012: The company’s staff threaten to go on strike , demanding payment of salary dues.
April 3, 2012: The standoff ends with the protestors accepting the assurance given by Mallya.
April 9, 2012: Employees, including pilots and engineers, receive salaries after a delay of nearly four months.
May 11, 2012: Kingfisher flights cancelled after the pilots report sick to protest non-payment of salaries.
June 27, 2012: Kingfisher shares tumble over 13% following reports that 34 aircraft have been possessed due to non-payment of lease rentals.
July 5, 2012: A 15-day time was given by the company’s lenders to come up with a plan to improve its operations. The airlines had a total outstanding debt of around Rs.7,500 crore to a consortium of 17 banks led by State Bank of India (SBI).
July 14, 2012: Pilots go on strike against the non-payment of wages for almost five months.
July 18, 2012: Minister for Civil Aviation Ajit Singh rules out bailout of Kingfisher Airlines.
August 8, 2012: A section of its employees strike and 15 flights were cancelled .
August 18, 2012: A section of pilots of the near-bankrupt airlines go on strike , second time in a month, demanding immediate payment of March salaries, leading to cancellation of seven flights from Mumbai.
September 4, 2012: Chairman Vijay Mallya gives guarantees worth Rs. 5,904 crore for the carrier’s loans and other liabilities in 2011-12, but did not get any commission for the same because of lenders’ opposition.
September 6, 2012: A section of the company’s engineers go on strike demanding payment of salaries. The airlines’ lenders ask Mallya to spell out the airline’s revival plan by the end of the month.
September 9, 2012: Pilots from both Delhi and Mumbai threaten to strike work as part of mass agitation for immediate disbursal of salaries.
September 26, 2012: Mr. Mallya announces that the carrier was in talks with overseas airlines for investment.
September 28, 2012: Turning down a request for Rs.200-crore working loan by Kingfisher, the State Bank of India-led lenders consortium, asks SBI Capitals to chalk out a fresh revival plan for the cash-strapped airline in the next 2-3 weeks.
October 1, 2012: Unpaid staff protest in Delhi, Mumbai and other airports and almost all of Kingfisher’s flights from all stations were cancelled as engineers did not certify the planes to fly.
October 2, 2012: The carrier declared partial lock-out following a strike by a section of its employees.
October 4, 2012: Uncertainty continues over Kingfisher resuming operations.
October 5, 2012: Banks give lifeline to the carrier , agreeing to release Rs.60 crore locked in an escrow account to pay employees’ salaries.
October 6, 2012: DGCA issues show-cause notice to Kingfisher asking why its flying permit should not be suspended or cancelled.
October 9, 2012: DGCA asks Kingfisher to stop ticket bookings , following reports that the airline planned to resume normal operations from October 13.
October 12, 2012: Commercial banks which had lent over Rs.7,000 crore to the airlines, closely monitor the situation and tighten the noose around its promoter to protect their interest.
The airlines further extends its partial lock-out until October 20 as it could not persuade the striking employees to join back duty without getting any salary.
A non-bailable arrest warrant issued against Vijay Mallya, and four other directors for non-appearance in cases relating to bouncing of cheques issued in favour of GMR Hyderabad International Airport Limited (GHIAL) towards user charges.
October 20, 2012: The airline’s permit got suspended and experts said Vijay Mallya’s United Breweries group needs to pump in over Rs. 3,000 crore to get Kingfisher airborne again as no foreign operator would come forward to invest in the airline in its present state.
October 24, 2012: Employees reject the management’s fresh offer and demand payment of four months’ backlog in lumpsum before October 26.
October 25, 2012: Engineers, technicians and pilots call off their 26-day strike and agreed to join work immediately by accepting the management’s offer of disbursal of three months salary.
October 30, 2012: Vijay Mallya meets Civil Aviation Secretary K.N. Srivastava on the airlines’ revival plan and its intention to resume operations as soon as possible.
November 1, 2012: The airlines pay April salary to its employees and the salary for March was paid the moment the employees called off their strike on October 25 .
November 9, 2012: The company’s Q2 loss widens to Rs. 754 crore , as compared to a net loss of Rs.469 crore in the corresponding period in the previous year.
November 10, 2012: Mr. Mallya loses Royal Challenge when international liquor major Diageo announced its decision to acquire 53.4 per cent stake in Vijay Mallya-owned United Spirits Ltd. (USL) for Rs.11,166.50 crore.
November 16, 2012: The company starts paying salaries to employees in batches and employees with low salaries received their May wage.
December 5, 2012: Trying to help revive Kingfisher, says SBI , the lead banker in the 17-lenders consortium that extended Rs 7,000 crore loans to the carrier, and said that the banks are trying to do everything to find an amicable solution to the carrier’s financial troubles.
Karnataka High Court directs Kingfisher to deposit 50 per cent of the total amount of Rs.371 crore that the company is required to remit to the Income Tax Department as tax deducted at source (TDS) from its employees and payments made towards company expenses.
December 20, 2012: Kingfisher applies for renewal of its licence that would expire on December 31.
December 25, 2012: The Airlines submits an interim revival plan to the DGCA, seeking approval to take to the skies once again after being grounded for almost three months.
December 31, 2012: The carrier loses its flying licence as the DGCA refused to renew its Air Operator Permit (AOP).
January 9, 2013: The company flies into more trouble , with its employees planning to head to court, a move that came after the management delayed in paying pending salaries.
January 10, 2013: The airlines’ Chairman Vijay Mallya appeals to his staff to stay on board, telling them that he was planning a limited restart with seven aircraft.
January 22, 2013: SBI’s Chairman Pratip Chaudhuri says that Kingfisher needs Rs. 2,000 crore for revival.
February 18, 2013: United Breweries Holdings seeks shareholders’ approval to provide additional loans of Rs.450 crore to the grounded airline.
February 21, 2013: The Special Court for Economic Offences, Bangalore, issues summons to Vijay Mallya on a criminal case filed by the Income-Tax Department for not remitting to the government tax deducted at source (TDS).
February 25, 2013: The beleaguered airlines loses international and domestic flying slots and the move came close on heels of a decision taken by the consortium of bankers to start recalling their loans amounting to Rs.7,500 crore.
March 10, 2013: DGCA asks the carrier to clear all dues, including pending salaries of employees, before seeking licence renewal.
March 15, 2013: Airports Authority of India says it would release the deregistered leased aircraft of Kingfisher for the lessors only after a formal nod from the Civil Aviation Ministry.
March 21, 2013: Civil Aviation Minister Ajit Singh says that Kingfisher has not yet given a revival plan to restart operations.
March 27, 2013: DGCA deregisters 15 Kingfisher aircraft.
April 3, 2013: Bombay High Court refuses to grant any interim relief to United Breweries Holdings, which had filed a petition to prevent Kingfisher Airlines’ lenders from selling pledged shares of UB group companies.
April 5, 2013: The airlines' staff protest in Bangalore demanding the immediate release of their pending salaries.
June 2, 2013: Three senior Kingfisher executives quit.
June 8, 2013: Mallya says he cannot pay his employees.
August 15, 2013: Auditors red-flag Kingfisher’s revival plans.
September 24, 2013: Kingfisher in talks with foreign investor for potential stake sale.
October 29, 2013: Mallya ranks 84th in Forbes India rich list.
January 7, 2014: Employees of grounded Kingfisher Airlines have intensified efforts to recover their unpaid salaries.
February 12, 2014: Kingfisher Airlines reported a net loss of Rs. 822.42 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2013.
February 17,2014: The CEO of the company, Sanjay Aggarwal quit Kingfisher airlines.
July 17, 2014: The Kingfisher was declared to be the top NPA of the country as it failed to repay loans of over 4,000 crore, mostly borrowed from state-owned banks.
July 31, 2014: Kingfisher Airlines head Vijay Mallya personally appears before the Special Court for Economic Offences in Bangalore, in connection with three criminal cases booked against him by the Income Tax Department. The court granted him bail while directing him to deposit Rs. 1 lakh as cash surety in each case, bail bonds and solvent surety for the same sum.
August 9, 2014: CBI institues a preliminary inquiry against IDBI Bank and Kingfisher Airlines. The bank had sanctioned a loan of Rs. 950 crore, despite KFA having a negative rating.
August 21, 2014: Punjab National Bank issues notice to KFA alleging the carrier has wilfully defaulted in payment of outstanding dues of over Rs 770 crore.
September 1, 2014: United Bank of India declares Vijay Mallya and three directors of Kingfisher Airlines (KFA) as wilful defaulters.
September 2, 2014: Supreme Court denies relief to KFA challenging the decision of the Grievance Redressal Committee of United Bank of India (UBI) to declare the airline and its promoter Vijay Mallya as wilful defaulters.
September 4, 2014: Vijay Mallya reiterates his intention to seek legal recourse in the UBI case, during the Annual General Body Meeting of United Breweries.

Inflation still high  says RBI governorUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Mumbai: Ahead of the policy review by month-end, Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan has said that inflation is still high.
"... but inflation still remains high on supply-side rigidities," Rajan was quoted as telling a conference in Boston, USA, by the organisers Citi.
Rajan has hiked rates thrice in his year-long stint as the central bank Governor and continued to maintain the rates at high levels despite pressure from the pro-growth lobby.
The government too has taken a slew of measures to ease the supply-side constraints, especially to curb hoarding.
The government too has taken a slew of measures to ease the supply-side constraints, especially to curb hoarding.
RBI will announce the bi-monthly review of the policy on September 30.
Rajan singled out food inflation as a growing concern in his speech last night.
"Food inflation is a source of discomfort and given the sub-par monsoon this year, there is a need to keep an eye on food inflation," he said.
It can be noted that the sown area for the kharif crop has fallen 3.2 per cent due to the lower rainfall.
Rajan said fall in inflation to current 8 per cent from a high of 11.2 per cent in November 2013 was due to monetary tightening, fiscal consolidation and food management policies.
RBI is aiming to contain the headline number at 8 per cent by January 2015, and bring it down further to 6 per cent by January 2016.

LaRoche played through fluComments
(Adam LaRoche became just the second player since 1961 to enter a game in the ninth inning or later and drive in five runs. (Jae C. Hong/Associated Press)
“I feel like I’m just recovering from a car accident,” Adam LaRoche said Friday afternoon in the Nationals’ clubhouse. He felt strong enough to return to the Nationals’ lineup, but LaRoche still felt the effects from his epic performance in the Nationals’ preposterous, 14-inning victory two days prior.
Early Wednesday morning, inside the cramped visitors clubhouse at Dodger Stadium, LaRoche packed to go home. Along with the back stiffness that had hampered him for more than a week, LaRoche had come down with the flu. His head pounded and he had no energy — he felt drained. LaRoche felt certain he wouldn’t play, so he stuffed his uniform into a duffel bag.
In the eighth inning, after he had spent an early portion of the game sleeping off his flu on a trainer’s table, a coach asked LaRoche if he felt well enough to pinch-hit. LaRoche unzipped his bag, pulled out his uniform and pulled it on. He walked to the dugout and grabbed one of Jayson Werth ’s bats, because his were still in a case.
The Nationals had not planned to use LaRoche at all. Instead, he hit a game-tying homer in the ninth inning and continued playing not only through the flu and the back pain, but also a swollen elbow he suffered when he got hit with a pitch in the 11th inning. LaRoche still drove in two more runs with a single in the 12th and scored the go-ahead run with a fielder’s choice in the 14th.
In the end, LaRoche joined Harold Baines as the second player since 1961 to enter a game in the ninth inning or later and drive in five runs. And he did it with no energy, a balky back and a throbbing elbow.
“I was – I hate to say trying to survive, because life can be way worse,” LaRoche said. “I was trying not to pass out. I felt that weak, with whatever the virus was. I was trying to survive every inning. On defense, praying the ball was not hit to me, which is typically the opposite of what you want your defenders thinking. To be honest, I wanted to get through it as quick as possible. If that meant driving in some runs to get the game over with, then that’s what it took.”
LaRoche could not speak with reporters Wednesday evening, because he was receiving an IV and taking anti-inflammatory medication.
Still, LaRoche had recovered on Thursday’s off day enough to tell Manager Matt Williams during their daily conversation, “I want to be in there.” By Friday afternoon, LaRoche said his elbow actually hurt the most, followed by his back and effects of his flu.
“It kind of took the focus off my back for 24 hours,” LaRoche said, laughing.
LaRoche came to the plate in the ninth as a pinch hitter, replacing Tyler Moore. Williams would only use LaRoche with the game on the line, and now the Nationals could tie a 2-0 game with one swing of the bat. Against menacing closer Kenley Jansen – who had allowed 19 homers in his career against 1,100 batters – LaRoche drove a fastball over the left field fence to tie the score.
In the 11th, LaRoche’s day turned even more difficult. Jamey Wright drilled him in the elbow with a fastball. LaRoche dropped to his knees in pain as he walked to first base. He stayed in the game, but his elbow swelled and it hurt to throw and to swing.
LaRoche’s turn in the lineup came up again in the 12th with the bases loaded and one out. He had swung in the tunnel, and it hurt so much he didn’t think he would be able hit a pitch.
“Literally right before I was going on deck, I told [Williams], ‘I just got to bunt. I don’t think I can swing,’ ” LaRoche said. “I had every intention of bunting, and I look up, and [Juan] Uribe is playing me like a speed guy – even with the base, on the grass. So that was out. I figured I’d try to swing 50 percent, try to make something happen.”
Sure enough, LaRoche stroked 1-0, 95-mph fastball into left field for a two-run single. “Some adrenaline took care of that pain,” LaRoche said. “It still didn’t feel great.”
Williams believes the three maladies LaRoche played through helped him in an indirect way.
“Oftentimes, guys have their best games when they’re sick or when they’re hurt,” Williams said. “That’s the case with Adam.”
“There may be something to that,” LaRoche said. “They always say when you’re sick or hurt, the last thing you’re thinking about is hitting in the box. Which is actually the best thing that can happen – hitting with a clear mind. The last thing I was thinking there was any type of approach, or what pitches. I’m just trying to make contact.”
Once the Nationals took the lead, Williams worried about how longer LaRoche could remain in the game. He started making contingency plans, but the only position player left on the bench Wilson Ramos. So if LaRoche felt too dizzy to play, who would play first?
“I don’t even know,” Williams said. “We had Wilson still on the bench. We could have put Sandy there. We could have put Wilson there. I’m glad we didn’t have to get to it.”
Once Carl Crawford hit a two-run, game-tying in the bottom of the 12th, the dilemma became more possible. Doug Fister, a first baseman in college, pinch-hit to lead off the 13th inning.
“We thought about not hitting Doug, because he has played first,” Williams said. “There was all kinds of things that we had to think of. I don’t want to go there again.”
But LaRoche stayed in the game, and he delivered a fielder’s choice by beating out a double play ball in the 14th inning. The Nationals held on to their lead. LaRoche could take his uniform off and pack it away, finally.
“And then we had the six-hour flight,” LaRoche said. “So that was fun.”

Motorola Emphasizes Design in Round SmartwatchMotorola Emphasizes Design in Round Smartwatch
Motorola Emphasizes Design in Round Smartwatch
Motorola rolled out a circular smartwatch, counting on a more traditional design to win over consumers who have so far shunned other computerized wrist devices. (Sept. 5)
Motorola rolled out a circular smartwatch, counting on a more traditional design to win over consumers who have so far shunned other computerized wrist devices. (Sept. 5)

Maharani Paints eyes Rs 132 crore salesStory
Success with Colours
Maharani Paints' gross sales have grown from around Rs 82 crore in 2010/11 to Rs 100 crore in 2013/14. It aims to cross Rs 132 crore by the end of this fiscal year.
Maharani  Paints Chairman B.R. Bhatia.
BT-YES Bank Best SME Survey
MAHARANI PAINTS
Among the industrial paint makers, Maharani Paints is known for its technology to convert sludge or waste paint into reusable one. The company owns patents for the technology in India, Canada and Korea, and counts among its customers automakers such as Tata Motors, Hero MotoCorp and Mahindra & Mahindra. 
The company, under the leadership of its Chairman B.R. Bhatia, has leveraged the technology so well that waste paint contributes six per cent of its top line. Set up in 1986 by Bhatia, currently it has one factory each in Haryana, Uttarakhand and Maharashtra. Unlike companies like Asian Paints, which make industrial and decorative paints, Maharani Paints focuses only on industrial paints.
FULL COVERAGE: India's Best SMEs
"While large brands dominate the domestic paints industry, small and medium-sized companies dominate the commercial paints segment that mainly supplies to industries like railways, automobile or hospitals. Large companies even outsource production of primers to SMEs, to keep their costs low," says O P Madhogaria, Vice-President of the Indian Small Scale Paint Association.
Bhatia kept away from decorative paint business as it involves huge marketing costs and need a robust distribution network. In February, the company had entered into a pact with Japan's Dai Nippon Toryo Company for better know-how on paint manufacturing. Growth has been consistent for the company.
VIDEO: Why Maharani Paints is the most innovative SME
Its gross sales have grown from around Rs 82 crore in 2010/11 to Rs 100 crore in 2013/14. It aims to cross Rs 132 crore by the end of this fiscal year. "When your balance sheet is strong, everybody is after you to give funds," says Bhatia, eldest among four brothers.

Heavy monsoon rains kill 160 people in PakistanAn Pakistani army helicopter hovers to rescue trapped people from a flooded area on the outskirts of Islamabad, Pakistan, Friday, Sept. 5, 2014. (AP Photo)
Press Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: September 6, 2014 10:54 am | Updated: September 6, 2014 4:45 pm
At least 160 people have been killed and 148 others injured in torrential monsoon rains in Pakistan that have wreaked havoc across the country as troops raced to evacuate people from deluged areas.
Premier Nawaz Sharif on Saturday chaired a meeting to review rain and flood situation in the country and the damage caused to life and property by incessant showers.
Monsoon rains continue to wreak havoc across Punjab and Pakistan-occupied Kashmir (PoK), increasing the death toll to at least 160, Express News reported on Saturday.
The downpour, termed as one of the heaviest ever, started on Wednesday and has since continued to lash certain parts of the country.
Chairman National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA), Major General Muhammad Saeed Aleem briefed the Prime Minister about the ongoing relief activities and measures being taken at the district, provincial and national levels to cope with the emergent situation.
Areas in Punjab, PoK and Gilgit-Baltistan have been affected by the rains and flooding.
Lahore and Rawalpindi divisions are experiencing serious urban flooding. There is also flooding in Chenab and Jhelum while canals, especially in Gujranwala and Rawalpindi, are also flooded, Aleem said.
Flood level in Jhelum river and Mangla reservoir is exceptionally high while the flood level at Rasul Headworks, a dam in Punjab, is at medium level.
The Prime Minister was informed that Palandri (in PoK) had received 668 mm of rain, Islamabad got 316 mm, Rawalpindi 440 mm, Lahore 350 mm while Sialkot received 316 mm of rainfall during the last 48 hours, resulting in flashfloods in PoK and northeast Punjab.
Sharif directed that evacuation of people and livestock should be carried out immediately while all national highways be opened for traffic by Saturday night.
The incessant rains have wreaked havoc, affecting the urban infrastructure in Pakistan that regularly suffers from flooding during the monsoon season.
The floods of 2010 were the worst in the country’s history, with 1,700 people killed and 21 million affected. In 2013, 178 people were killed and around 1.5 million affected by flooding.
Pakistan, like neighboring India, suffers widespread flooding during the annual monsoon season. In 2010, flash floods killed 1,700 people in Pakistan.

Licenses of 140 Jet Air pilots may be suspendedHi Guest
Licenses of 140 Jet Air pilots may be suspended
Aviation regulator DGCA has cracked down on nearly 140 Jet Airways pilots for continuing to fly without clearing mandatory biannual exams and issued show cause notices to the airline questioning its pilot training programme. The notices were issued to the pilots, as also Jet's chief operating officer and training chief, on the basis of an audit of its training programme by a three-member DGCA team. The DGCA, through the show cause notices, asked these pilots why their licenses should not be ...

Govt to promote green affordable housingGovt to promote green affordable housing
V. Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept. 6:  
The Union Ministry of Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation plans to work closely with all the stakeholders in promoting Green Affordable Housing and with the State Governments in mapping the needs and requirements for affordable housing.
It is proposed to make affordable housing an integral part of smart cities.
Speaking at the CII-IGBC Green Building Congress 2014 here, Anita Agnihotri, Secretary, Ministry of Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation, said with increased urbanisation, there is a growing need to develop and promote housing structures which are not only affordable but also sustainable and scalable.
She said housing sector has a great multiplier effect in terms of proving employment and security. To make this happen, it is imperative to work closely with all the stakeholders. The Ministry would be pleased to work with IGBC and other stakeholders.
Prem C Jain, Chairman, IGBC, said India with over 2.2 billion Sq.ft is the second country in the world with largest green building footprint. Various types of buildings, including schools are going the green way. IGBC aspires that by the year 2032, every Indian should find his shelter in a green home, where there is increased quality of life, he said.
C Shekar Reddy, National President, CREDAI, highlighted the need to do away with no objection certificates (NOCs) and implement online registrations of building permissions. This will make the process transparent, simpler and facilitate rapid spread of the housing sector.
The three-day Congress concluded today.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)

Vaishnodevi Yatra suspended for third consecutive dayPrint
PTI | Jammu | Posted: September 6, 2014 6:43 pm
Yatra to Mata Vaishnodevi cave shrine has been suspended for third consecutive day today in view of heavy rains in Jammu and Kashmir as authorities said the pilgrimage would be resumed only after the weather improves. “Yatra to cave shrine remained suspended for third day today in view of heavy rains and bad weather conditions”, officials of Shri Mata Vaishnodevi Shrine Board (SMVSB) said.
Keeping in view the safety of pilgrims in the wake of incessant torrential rainfall and also considering the weather forecast, yatra to the Shrine from Katra-the base camp, has been temporarily suspended till further notice, a spokesman of the Board said. The Yatra was temporarily suspended from 4.00 PM onwards on September 4 in view of heavy rain in the state.
“Yatra to the Holy Cave Shrine of Shri Mata Vaishno Deviji from Katra onwards continues to remain under suspension today also keeping in view the safety of pilgrims in the wake of continuing rains and the closure of the track due to landslides at various places”, he said.
Mandeep K Bhandari, Chief Executive Officer, SMVSB, said on Saturday that the decision about resumption of the Yatra will be taken only after the weather improves and, as such, advised the intending pilgrims to replan their schedule for undertaking the pilgrimage accordingly. Over 4000 pilgrims, who were stranded at Bhawan and other places have been shifted to safer places.
The flood situation in Jammu and Kashmir continued to worsen on Saturday with the death toll mounting to over 100 while rescuers struggled to evacuate thousands of people to safety as major rivers and streams were in spate due to incessant rains.

Depends on Lt Governor whom he invites to form the government  says Rajnath SinghWatch: Former MP Saifuddin Soz heckled by flood victims in Srinagar
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Modi government will clear hurdles for building Ayodhya Ram temple: Muralidhar RaoUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Hyderabad: The BJP-led NDA government's immediate priority is to ensure that the economic parameters of the country are improved, though issues such as Ram Janmabhoomi are still on the agenda, the party's national general secretary P Muralidhar Rao said on Saturday.
"We want to solve all the issues as early as possible. But the rider is...first priority is to tackle the economic problems of the country and bring (the country) back to growth path and establishing good governance. These are the main priorities before the government as of now," Rao said.
"Whether it is Ram Janmabhoomi or uniform civil code or Article 370, there is an agenda for the BJP. All the issues cannot be solved immediately...We are not going to build Ram temple. The government will pave the way by clearing hurdles to the people who are going to construct Ram Mandir (Ram Temple)," he added.
Rai said that the government will have to "observe the same sequence of promises" made before the Lok Sabha elections, when they come to implementation.
Rao said though ideologically the Ram Janmabhoomi issue is important, the government will have to "observe the same sequence of promises" made before the Lok Sabha elections, when they come to implementation.
Terming Prime Minister Modi's recent visit to Japan as a "strategic one", Rao said the tour is an important step towards making Asian region as economic leader of the world.
The BJP leader said the Prime Minister's recent visits to countries such as Brazil are to garner support for the country's bid to secure a permanent place in the UN Security Council, among others.
Rao rubbished allegations in some quarters that the Modi's Cabinet colleagues do not have freedom, terming them as "baseless".
According to him, all the economic indicators of the country started showing improvement during the past three months due to the "pro-active approach" of the government.

HC pulls up Maharashtra government for load shedding at HSC  SSC Exam centresUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Mumbai: The Bombay High Court has pulled up Maharashtra government for its apathy towards students due to load-shedding at Higher Secondary Certificate (HSC) and Secondary School Certificate (SSC) examination centres in schools across the state.
"Why is there no load-shedding during festivals? Why power failures at HSC and SSC examination centres? said a bench of Justices Abhay Oka and AS Chandurkar. "It is the essential duty of the state to ensure that electricity is provided at the examination centres," observed the Judges yesterday while hearing a contempt petition filed by activist Vishnu Gawli.
The petition alleged that the state government had not implemented earlier court orders in 2008 of providing uninterrupted power supply to schools which conduct HSC and SSC examinations. In July, the High Court had asked the state to provide generators, inverters and solar systems on a war-footing to schools as students have to write answer papers during examinations in darkness due to load shedding in the state.
The petition alleged that the state government had not implemented earlier court orders in 2008 of providing uninterrupted power supply to schools which conduct HSC and SSC examinations.
Gawli, arguing in person, informed the judges that till date the government has not taken any steps to ensure that such provisions are made for students, especially during the examinations. In 2008, Gawli had written a letter to the HC, which was converted into a suo moto PIL, highlighting that lakhs of students were forced to take their examinations in darkness due to load shedding.
On February 27, 2009, the High Court had directed the government to ensure supply of around 40,000 generators to schools conducting the examinations. In addition, the court had asked the Maharashtra State Electricity Board (MSEB) to ensure that there is no load shedding at the time of examinations.
The Court had also asked the authorities -- Maharashtra government, Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC), MSEB and Education Department -- to hold a meeting and find a solution to difficulties faced by students while writing examinations during load shedding.
Adjourning the matter to next week, the bench on Friday asked the state Education Board to submit a list of HSC and SSC examination centres where there is no power supply or load shedding.

Maharashtra: HC gives time to Government to reply to sisters  plea on death rowUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Mumbai: The Bombay High Court has granted further two weeks time to Maharashtra government to file an affidavit in reply to a petition filed by two sisters urging that their death sentence be commuted to life imprisonment. The mercy petitions of Renuka Shinde and Seema Gavit, who were sentenced to death in 2001 for kidnapping 13 children and killing nine of them between 1990 and October 1996, were rejected by the President recently.
The apex court had earlier upheld death for the duo. However, being aggrieved, they moved the high court seeking reduction of punishment to life imprisonment. Hearing their petition, Justices VM Kanade and PD Kode had earlier given two weeks time to the government to file its reply. However, when the matter came up for hearing on Friday, the state urged the judges to grant further two weeks and the court allowed its plea.
The two sisters, hailing from Kolhapur, contended that the President had taken more than five years to decide their mercy petitions when such a plea should have been disposed of within three months. On this ground alone, their death sentence may be commuted to life term, the duo prayed. The two sisters were assisted in the crime by their mother Anjana Gavit and Renuka's husband Kiran Shinde. Anjana died in custody while Kiran turned an approver.
The apex court had earlier upheld death for the duo. However, being aggrieved, they moved the high court seeking reduction of punishment to life imprisonment.
They used to force children to beg, commit petty thefts and pickpocketing. The children were starved to force them to commit crimes. After having sufficiently used the children in crime, they banged their head against walls and killed them.
The sisters, who could be the first women convicts to be sent to the gallows since Independence, are currently lodged in Pune's Yerawada prison and were recently informed about the President's decision to reject their mercy petitions. The 14-day buffer period before execution expired on August 16, according to their lawyer Sudeep Jaiswal.
"The extraordinary and unjustified delay in execution of death sentence has caused immense mental torture, emotional and physical agony to us. Since we have suffered immensely, in the interest of justice and good conscience, death sentence may be commuted to life imprisonment," they pleaded.

Al-Qaeda s designs would come to nought: Shiv SenaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

137 forest officials bribed by Bellary mining mafia under Lok Ayukta scannerPrint
Written by Santosh Kumar R B | Bangalore | Posted: September 6, 2014 7:52 pm
A Special Investigation Team of the Karnataka Lok Ayukta will investigate 137 forest department officials for allegedly receiving illegal iron ore mining related bribes from a close aide of the under trial former Karnataka minister Gali Janardhana Reddy. As many as 37 forest personnel who were bribed by the Reddy aide Karapudi Mahesh are yet to be identified by name. The exercise of identifying the officials and staff of the forest department who allowed the illegal loot of iron ore by a mafia operated by the former minister is part of a recent state government ordered Lokayukta probe into corruption among lower staff in the forest department that enabled iron ore to be smuggled out for exports from 16 districts in the state including the iron ore rich Bellary district between 2009-2011.
The second part of a Lok Ayukta report on illegal mining that was submitted to the state government on July 27, 2011 had stated that 617 government officials took bribes from Karapudi Mahesh to facilitate transportation of  73.99 lakh MT of iron ore extracted illegally from 2009-20011 from 11 different mines valued at Rs 1849.82 crore. According to data gathered by the Lok Ayukta as much as Rs. 2.46 crore was paid to 617 officials in Bellary as bribes in one year by the illegal mining syndicate. Among the 617 officials who were bribed by the mining mafia the forest department formed a key chunk with 137 officials being identified by designations by the Lok Ayukta.
The state government had earlier asked the Principal Chief Conservator of Forest (PCCF) to identify the tainted officials whose designations for the 2009-11 period had been supplied by the Lok Ayukta. The PCCF has now provided the Lok Ayukta SIT definite information of 100 officials but as many as 37 officials remained unidentified. According to the PCCF’s report there were many forest department workers accused of receiving bribes who are of the rank of guards, foresters and watchers making it difficult to pinpoint individuals. The Lok Ayukta police have now been tasked with finding evidence against the officials named by the PCCF’s report and the 37 unidentified officials.
A similar exercise of identifying the officials who were the recipients of bribes is bing carried out the Post and Inland Water Transport Department as well. A committee has been contitued to investigate the officials mentioned in the Lok Ayukta report to enable disciplinary action to be taken against these officials.

Assam girls found hanging were not raped: Post-mortem reportPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 6, 2014 7:49 pm | Updated: September 7, 2014 12:37 am
Two days after bodies of two schoolgirls were found hanging from a tree in a village in Karimganj district bordering Bangladesh, the post-mortem examination report has ruled out rape and confirmed that the duo had committed suicide.
“The post-mortem examination report that has come late Saturday afternoon has clearly said that the girls had died of asphyxia as a result of suicidal hanging. The report provided by the Silchar Medical College hospital has also clearly stated that there was no evidence or sign of any sexual assault or intercourse,” Karimganj deputy commissioner Sanjib Gohain Baruah told The Indian Express over the telephone.
Tension prevailed in Kabaldubri village, under Nilambazar police station, after villagers found bodies of two girls hanging from the same tree. Initial local reports hinted at suspicion that the two were raped and murdered, with a section of the media even comparing it with the Badaun ‘rape’ and murder of Uttar Pradesh.
Police said the girls had gone missing after school on Thursday. While one girl was in Class VIII, the other was in Class IX. The families of the two girls however have not filed any FIR with the police till Saturday evening.
Kabaldubri is located right on the Indo-Bangladesh border with most of the 100-odd families belonging to a minority community are poor farmers either with small land-holdings or share-croppers.

Zaheer Khan  Wasim Jaffer in Mumbai’s list of probables for Ranji TrophyPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 6, 2014 7:37 pm
Speedster Zaheer Khan, who has not played a single game since getting injured in the last IPL season, and veteran batsman Wasim Jaffer, have been included in the 28-member strong Mumbai probables for the upcoming season in four-day as well as one day formats of the game.
The probables are: Wasim Jaffer, Rohit Sharma, Zaheer Khan, Ajinkya Rahane, Abhishek Nayar, Suryakumar Yadav, Hiken Shah, Dhawal Kulkarni, Avishkar Salvi, Akhil Herwadkar, Sushant Marathe, Bravish Shetty, Siddhesh Lad, Sarfaraz Khan, Aditya Tare, Wilkin Mota, Vinit Indulkar, Vishal Dabholkar, Iqbal Abdullah, Kevin D’Almeida, Shardul Thakur, Javed Khan, Saurabh Netrawalkar, Sufiyan Shaikh, Kshemal Waingankar, Praful Waghela, Shreyas Iyer, Badre Alam.

Train services to Katra cancelled due to floodPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 7:26 pm
Northern Railway on Saturday cancelled train services to Katra due to heavy floods and breaches on tracks between Jammu and Katra section.
Besides the gushing of flood waters, heavy boulders had fallen on tracks at certain places in the Jammu-Udhampur-Mata Vaishno Devi Katra rail section, a senior Northern Railway official said.
As a result, train services to Katra have been cancelled, he said.
Five train services – three between New Delhi and Katra and one each bewtween Jammu and Udhampur, and Anand Vihar and Uddhampur – have been cancelled.
Train services between Pathankot and Katra, Katra and Jammu slated for towmorrow have also been cancelled.

CRPF suspends 17 personnel for inaction during Naxal ambushPrint
Written by Ashutosh Bhardwaj | Raipur | Posted: September 6, 2014 6:55 pm | Updated: September 7, 2014 2:16 am
The CRPF has suspended 17 of its personnel for “inaction and lack of satisfactory counter-action” during a Maoist attack six months ago at Tahakwada in Sukma district in which 11 personnel of the paramilitary force and four men of the Chhattisgarh Police were killed.
This is the first instance when the CRPF had suspended its personnel deployed on the anti-Naxal front in Chhattisgarh for “dereliction of duty and cowardice”, said senior officials.
The action followed a preliminary enquiry ordered by CRPF IG Chhattisgarh HS Siddhu. “Following a preliminary enquiry these personnel were placed under suspension and departmental inquiry has been initiated for inaction and lack of satisfactory response during the Naxal attack,” Siddhu told The Sunday Express.
All the suspended personnel — 14 constables and head constables, two assistant sub-inspectors and an inspector— belonged to the 80th Battalion.
The biggest Maoist ambush on security forces in three years, the attack took place on March 11 morning, weeks before the Lok Sabha elections in Bastar. Along with the 15 CRPF and police personnel, a villager was also killed in the attack.
The state police have also suspended a head constable, an alleged “Maoist mole” in the force who informed the rebels about the police movement during the ambush. Bastar IG SRP Kalluri said, “A court of inquiry was conducted. On the basis of account of the injured CRPF personnel and eyewitnesses and other evidence available, CRPF has suspended them. We have also suspended a head constable Mahadev Nag. He informed one Manjhi Ram Kashyap that forces had left the thana. Kashyap later informed the Maoists about the force movement,” Kalluri added. Kashyap was arrested a fortnight ago.
Several of the CRPF’s suspended personnel have been sent on leave and sources indicated they might be dismissed after the departmental inquiry that is likely to submit its report in three months.
While Bastar has seen killings of several security personnel in Maoist ambushes, the Tahakwada incident was different. A team of 45 CRPF and police personnel had left Tongpal police station for a patrol on national highway around 9.30 am. They had barely walked 3-4 km when they were ambushed in a plain area, where there were no hills or forests as in other ambushes. The Maoists fired from behind the small hedges in a field, just 40-45 metre from the road and managed to kill 15 personnel of the front row in the first burst of fire itself.
It has now emerged that the suspended personnel were behind this first section and instead of coming to their help, they stayed behind and later deserted their colleagues.
The Maoists also easily managed to snatch the rifles of the slain personnel. The weapons and ammunition looted included six AK-47s, some of which were fitted with Under Barrel Grenade Launchers, 18 magazines of the same rifle, one Light Machine Gun with 10 magazines, nine INSAS rifles with 30 magazines, two SLRs with six magazines and two wireless sets.
While Chhattisgarh police and CRPF DGP Dileep Trivedi had claimed after the ambush that the forces fought continued…

Could yogurt pearls spell the end of food packagingA more affordable WaterWall dishwasher
7.6
It's about pushing the right buttons.
7.3
This Elite has trouble standing out.
6.8
Even a compact can be Elite
7.4
The newest superzoom from Olympus has its sight set on you.
9.4
Sony's flagship APS-C camera is best in class.
8.4
With great performance and a low price, Samsung's latest smart camera is a smart buy.
8.8
It's small, it's powerful, it's a new compact powerhouse.
9.4
A niche camera in a family of niche cameras
6.8
Samsung's Android-based camera experiment continues, but fundamental issues persist.
4.9
Fear of a Blue Planet
5.4
This is not the mid-range LG you're looking for.
7.8
Ahead of the curve in more ways than one
6.5
A 50-inch deal with an emphasis on simplicity
7.5
A winning combination of classic performance and cutting-edge features
3.4
Avoid this television at all costs, even very low costs.
8.7
What might've been a fantastic value tablet is undone by a fatal flaw.
9.3
Samsung's flagship tablet tries to fix what isn't broken.
9.8
The third time's the charm for Microsoft's Surface.
8.5
The newest bargain tablet from Amazon offers a lot under the hood.
8.6
Amazon falls short with the Kindle Fire HDX 7".
9.3
We dissect Samsung's best tablet yet.
5.3
Highly comfortable on-ears for listeners on the run
6.3
Noise cancellation, wireless, detailed audio—is there anything these Samsungs can't do?
6.6
Indestructible—and they don't sound half-bad, either
7.3
Grado's new SR80e open-backed headphones are an outstanding buy.
7.6
Loads of performance for a reasonable price
3.8
The belle of the bargain bin
9.5
Get ready to empty your wallet because this expensive Zenbook is worth every penny.
10.0
Can you get by with integrated graphics alone? If it's an Iris Pro, you can.
9.7
With juiced-up guts and a beautiful display, the MacBook Pro returns to the throne.
7.5
Redmond's latest hybrid takes aim at the MacBook Air—and lands a solid right hook.
4.9
A more affordable Yoga for a less flexible budget.
8.2

SpiceJet offers two new discount fare schemesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Valan : i noted that you don`t get time to read serious stuff. how...Platinum Member
521 Followers
Valan   :   I noted that you don`t get time to read serious stuff. How is this for the week-end :
"Dear Jeevan,
As Asia`s oldest stock exchange, BSE is doing a fabulous job. Congratulations to you and your colleagues and the whole team led by Mr. Ashish Kumar Chauhan. As responsible citizens and investors,we feel it is our duty to give you a feedback from time to time to help improve services to the investor community.
Sharepro Services, Mumbai has been a Registrar and Share Transfer Agent for over 40 years. In my opinion, it services at least 50 companies listed on the BSE. For over 20 years, they had 2 Fax nos. at their office in Andheri viz. 2859 1568  and  2850 8927. About a year back, they have surrendered the second no. viz. 2850 8927 to MTNL. They may or may not have intimated this fact to the BSE or to all the companies they service. As a result, this Fax no. 2850 8927 still appears on the Corporate Information page of the BSE website in the case of all those companies listed on the BSE. When you try to send a Fax message on this no., a recording says "This no. does not exist". You can test it out yourself from the telephone on your table.
I suggest, in the public interest, that you contact Sharepro for the list of all the companies listed on the BSE that they service and delete this Fax. no from the BSE website on their respective pages. One of these companies is Mahindra Composites. I am confident the investors will appreciate your pro-active work instead of waiting for letters from over 50 companies to delete the surrendered Fax no. I am confident of your positive response. Together, we can build a new India  !
Assuring you of my continued support,
Yours sincerely

Hi nidz....u gona buy snowman logistics wen its being listedChief of Bureau, CNBC-TV18 Mumbai
2353
Financial Markets Anchor & Research Analyst
12548
Head - Research
2547
After United Bank, now SBI declares KFA a willful defaulter. Is it too late for banks to recover their dues?
Yes

Its matter of great concern that rbi still is sticking to its policy o...Platinum Member
214 Followers
Its matter of great concern that RBI still is sticking to its policy of controlling inflation through unsustainable high interest regime. When Central Banks all over the world are reducing interest rates to even zero our RBI is bent on killing the industry by unviable interest rates.The flute of inflation i am hearing from RBI governors from last three years . Money supply cannot be only sole factor for controlling inflation ,, there are so many other factors .. In the present factor where growth is subdued money supply has just 5 % role in combating inflation This simple thing our RBI governor is not able to understand . What we have achieved from high Interest  rate regime from last three years? Inflation is still high? NPA are mounting up as cost of financing is more and business is killed We need a rate cut this time .. otherwise let RBI governor must say good bye to his job. He has enough damaged our economy and has no morale right to continue...... I hope Finance Ministry this time interfere in this matter and do the needful... Sorry for using such a harsh words ,, but he deserves that only....
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
8.01 PM Sep 6th

9 Sex Myths That Could Seriously Hurt Your Marriage9 Sex Myths That Could Seriously Hurt Your Relationship
Posted:
Written by Adriana Velez on CafeMom’s blog, The Stir
No one wants to admit that they're doing it wrong. You know what I'm talking about: sex. By the time we reach our teens, we want to think we know everything about it. But well into adulthood a lot of us are still clueless, running around with all kinds of silly ideas in our heads about how sex works. Then we carry that misinformation into a marriage, and no wonder there are so many sexless or sexually-blah relationships out there.
Two doctors are out to dispel as many myths as they possibly can through a new book: Don't Put That in There! And 69 Other Sex Myths Debunked by Dr. Aaron E. Carroll and Dr. Rachel C. Vreeman. Even if you're sure you know everything about sex you may be surprised... or at least curious. Come on, admit it. Here are 9 myths about sex that could be ruining your marriage -- or at least dampening things in the bedroom. See how many of these you already knew.
1. You can’t get pregnant during your period. It's a lot less likely that you'll get pregnant when you're menstruating, but it's still possible. A woman's egg and a man's sperm can live for several days in the cozy environment of the womb.
2. Sex can give you a heart attack. We've all heard the stories of the older guy who just got way too excited during lovemaking. But Carroll and Vreeman looked at the research, and unless you smoke or have diabetes there's a one in a million chance that you'll have a heart attack during sex. If anything, it's good for your cardiovascular health. One study showed that men who have sex twice a week or more have a lower risk of developing cardiovascular disease.
3. Married people don’t play with themselves. Supposedly if you're married you don't have to masturbate because of all the sex you're having, right? Wrong! People who live with a sexual partner actually masturbate more than singles. But it's not because their sex lives are dead. Folks who are married also have more sex and better sex.
"The myth that married people don't play with themselves is just plain wrong!" says sexy lifestyle expert Dana B. Myers . "For busy moms, its so important to give yourself some 'pleasure-play time' for stress relief, to ground yourself, and to keep learning about what you like. It helps you tap into your unique power as a woman. While its often great, and fun, to involve another person, crafting out time for a weekly, or even daily, a solo session is one of the greatest ways we can instantly bring ourselves into a state of calm, centered authenticity and reclaim our own happiness."
4. There’s a 10-year difference in sexual peaks. Supposedly men hit their peak in the early 20s while women hit it in middle age -- but the truth is, men and women experiences peaks and valleys throughout our lives. "Sexual desire constantly fluctuates, and is related to many, many more factors than age," Carroll and Vreeman say.
5. It’s only a matter of time before a man cheats. First of all, cheating is not inevitable. Secondly, age is hardly a factor. People (men and women) are more likely to cheat when they're unhappy in their relationships and/or when they're sexually incompatible.
6. Sex with your socks on is lame. It's supposed to be a big turn-off. But in one bizarre study , couples who wore socks while having sex were more likely to have an orgasm than people who went sockless. Bottom line: "The best sex may happen when you are comfortable," as Carroll and Vreeman put it. If having warm feet makes you more comfortable, go ahead and keep those socks on.
7. Men doing laundry turns on wives. Sharing the household chores equally is GREAT for a marriage, make no mistake. The studies on this have been mixed, but it actually looks like the reverse may be true (sorry, my fellow women!). One interesting study showed that the more "core housework" (cooking, cleaning, doing laundry) a man did, the less frequently he had sex. On the other hand, the more "manly" chores he did (car repairs, lawn work, paying bills) the more sex he had. So it could be the kind of housework a guy does that makes the difference.
8. Women don’t really want sex. People have been saying this for years -- that men's sex drives are stronger than women's. Well, the most current research proves that's just plain wrong. It's just that women often want sex in different ways -- and we've been culturally biased against seeing women as sexual beings. "When it comes to biology," Carroll and Vreeman write, "there is plenty of research to suggest that women are also hardwired to have a strong sex drive in and of itself."
9. Big feet and hands means a big … Nope. While the same genes seem to be involved in genital, finger, and toe growth, "there is no good evidence that men with big feet have bigger penises." You really can't tell just by looking at his hands.
What's a sexual myth you wish people would stop passing on?
More From The Stir:

TV Station: Romo  Still The Gayest Player On The Cowgirlsreddit
Less than a day after the Dallas Cowboys signed Michael Sam to their practice squad, a Houston-area news station is under fire for airing a gay joke.
The joke, which ran along a news ticker on the bottom of the screen, targeted Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo: "Michael Sam signed to join Cowboys? Tony Romo, still the gayest player on the cowgirls."
Really:
Busted Coverage tracked down a tweet with the exact same language , which had a timestamp that predates the broadcast by several hours. As such, it's possible the joke didn't originate with the station, but was submitted ahead of time by a viewer for inclusion in the show.
It's unclear who ultimately signed off on the language, which according to the station is broadcast to " a large, diverse population of the Houston area."
The Huffington Post contacted Fox26 for comment but didn't receive an immediate response.
Sam, who is the first openly gay player ever to be drafted into the NFL, joined the Cowboys practice squad after being cut by the St. Louis Rams.
More:

RBI Sets Up Gallery on Financial LiteracyYou are here: Home Industries
RBI Sets Up Permanent Gallery on Financial Literacy
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 05, 2014 21:51 (IST)
With Kick, Salman Khan Knocks Down More Box-Office Records
Chennai: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday set up a first of its kind permanent digital gallery here aimed at spreading awareness on financial literacy.
"It will be a permanent gallery on financial literacy", RBI Regional Director J Sadakkadulla told reporters in Chennai.
The gallery, he said, would give information about the fundamentals of financial system like purpose of savings account, recurring deposits, awareness on banking and financial system through digital display and by audio-visual facility.
"It is open for public."
Similarly, the Reserve Bank has proposed to offer a three-month internship for aspiring post graduates of finance and economics with a monthly sipend of Rs 12,500, he said.
"It is a three month course and after completion a certificate would be presented to 10 students", he said.
He said the Reserve Bank of India Quiz planned for this year was being held in 62 locations across the country on topics like banking, finance and the history of RBI.
The winners would be able to interact with RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan, he said.
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 19:25 (IST)

Ready for heavy weatherSeptember 5, 2014 3:16 pm
How cities are revamping their coastal defences
By Shannon Bond
Rising sea levels present the biggest challenge for low-lying cities such as New York, Mumbai and Guangzhou
©Robert Stolarik
A surfer enters the sea on Rockaway Beach in New York as work continues to repair the waterfront damaged by Hurricane Sandy
A soft breeze ruffles the grass taking root on Rockaway Beach, the tufts forming a loose grid that captures blowing sand and helps restore the dunes along this low-lying peninsula on the southern edge of Queens in New York City.
Delicate as the slender stalks are, they forge critical armour for the 3.5m cubic yards of sand that is being spread on the beach by the US Army Corps of Engineers. The project will help return this stretch to its pre-1970s elevation of 10ft or more above sea level.
More
The wasted power of Bitcoin
On a sunny Saturday in August, the shore is crowded with New Yorkers who have traded city streets for beach blankets and a dip in the Atlantic. Yet for the second summer in a row, sunbathers and surfers must share space with heavy construction equipment as workers replenish the sand, reconstruct the boardwalk and reinforce the shoreline against rising sea levels and severe weather, helping to protect the roughly 100,000 people who live on this narrow strip of land.
It has been nearly two years since Hurricane Sandy caused a 14ft storm surge to hit New York, which washed away houses, left millions of people without power, ripped boardwalks from beaches and flooded transit tunnels, causing damage that cost the city an estimated $19bn. The storm inundated 46.2 sq miles of the city – an area 65 per cent larger than what had been deemed at risk on the federal flood maps in use at the time, according to the National Resources Defense Council.
©Reuters
A US flag on top of the ruined boardwalk at Rockaway Beach
While life has returned to normal for many New Yorkers, the flurry of activity in hard-hit neighbourhoods like the Rockaways is just the beginning of a long-term plan to rebuild damaged areas, strengthen protections against future flooding and storms and reduce the city’s contribution to global warming.
“It’s been great progress but it’s early. Ten months into a 10-year plan, we’ve made some significant headway,” says Daniel Zarrilli, who heads New York mayor Bill de Blasio’s new office of recovery and resiliency.
An engineer who rode out the 2012 storm at his home on Staten Island, Zarrilli was asked by de Blasio’s predecessor, Michael Bloomberg, to produce a plan to rebuild the city after Sandy. He is now overseeing the implementation of many of those proposals, including restoring 26,000 linear feet of dunes on Staten Island, updating building codes, moving electrical systems to higher floors and repairing subway tunnels corroded by saltwater.
The city plans to spend $3.7bn on coastal protection; Zarrilli says more than half that amount has been funded. Studies show that every $1 spent on mitigation – efforts to reduce risk before disasters occur – saves $4 in recovery costs.
©Reuters
Map of Hurricane Sandy over the eastern US in 2012
The question of how best to protect New York’s 520 miles of coastline and 8.4m residents, almost 3m of whom live in designated hurricane evacuation zones, has generated a huge number of ideas from engineers, ecologists, urbanists and architects.
Among the proposals are oyster beds that would help absorb storm surges and retractable flood walls that would unfurl to protect lower Manhattan from rising water. Solar and wind-powered batteries and “smart microgrids” would keep electricity flowing even when a storm knocks out traditional power lines.
Barriers at the mouths of Brooklyn’s Gowanus Canal and Newtown Creek on the Brooklyn-Queens border would help keep dry the growing number of residents and businesses housed in the city’s floodplain.
Many of these projects have already won federal grant competitions, such as the US Department of Housing and Urban Development’s Rebuild by Design contest, which allocated $920m in disaster relief funds to six proposals in New York and New Jersey.
The biggest grant, $335m, went to the Big U project, which would wrap lower Manhattan in a series of parks and walkways incorporating berms and barriers under the FDR Drive, an elevated roadway, that can flip into position in event of a flood and protect buildings and electrical substations from water.
©Rebuild by Design
An artist’s impression of the proposed Bridging Berm at East River Park, New York, as part of the Big U project
A design to slow waves and buffer erosion with a necklace of artificial reefs off the south shore of Staten Island won $60m. During Sandy, storm surge and high waves battered the island’s shores, resulting in the destruction of buildings at a higher rate than in the city as a whole. The breakwaters would also be a boon to local ecology by serving as habitats for fish, shellfish and lobsters.
A $20m proposal for Hunts Point in the Bronx would include a greenway and flood protection structures along the waterfront of a neighbourhood that plays a key role in the city’s food supply network. Fresh food from around the world arrives at wholesale markets in Hunts Point where it is sold on to restaurants, supermarkets, schools, food banks and soup kitchens. While the peninsula, framed by the East River and Bronx River, emerged relatively unscathed from Sandy, its low elevation has raised concerns over its vulnerability to rising sea levels and the impact that any disruption to food distribution would have on millions of people across the region.
The decision by city and federal officials to focus on these kinds of targeted, location-specific projects is part of a “comprehensive strategy that looks at a broad range of climate risks,” says Zarrilli.
Studies show that every $1 spent on mitigation – efforts to reduce risk before disasters occur – saves $4 in recovery costs
In the immediate aftermath of Sandy, there were proposals to build a huge flood barrier across the mouth of New York harbour. Yet the costs associated with such a plan – $15bn to $22bn by some estimates – would likely be prohibitive.
Similarly, fully hardening the shoreline is dismissed as unrealistic. “This is a living waterfront. There’s fish, birds, people that use it and need access. Building a 12ft-high seawall all around the city is clearly not the right solution,” says Rob Pirani of the non-profit Hudson River Foundation. Such large-scale solutions also do not address the underlying factors behind rising sea levels, which experts say present the biggest challenge for low-lying cities around the world such as New York, Miami, Guangzhou and Mumbai.
“It’s the silver-bullet solution that doesn’t address the risks we face. Locally tailored solutions to specific risks in each community is a much more cost-effective way of reducing the long-term risk,” says Zarrilli.
Sea levels in the New York region have risen about one foot over the past century, according to data collected at tide gauges on the Battery at the southern tip of Manhattan. By the year 2100, the sea could rise another six feet as the polar ice melts, according to projections from the New York City Panel on Climate Change.
©Rebuild by Design
CGI of the Big U Project’s Harbor Berm at the Battery, Manhattan
That would make flooding from another storm like Sandy much worse – and the panel predicts severe storms will become more frequent and bring higher surges. “Whatever storm comes along, there will be increased coastal flooding due to sea level rise. So the risks of coastal flooding are increasing right here due to climate change,” says Cynthia Rosenzweig, a climate scientist at the Nasa Goddard Institute for Space Studies who co-chairs the panel.
The city is grappling with the risk of rising sea levels after a pledge first made in 2007 by then-mayor Bloomberg for a 30 per cent cut in greenhouse gas emissions by 2030. Zarrilli says New York is ahead of schedule, with emissions down 19 per cent since 2005.
There is also a human element to New York’s recovery and future disaster preparations. Pirani, of the Hudson River Foundation, emphasises that “resilience is more than physical infrastructure – it’s also the social networks that we saw played a huge role in coping with the aftermath of Sandy”.
New York’s current mayor echoed the sentiment during a visit in August to Red Hook, a working-class stretch of Brooklyn’s southwestern waterfront where homes and shops were flooded and residents of a huge public housing project were left without power for weeks after the 2012 storm.
“God forbid we see anything like Sandy again, but we have to be ready in any event. We want to make it better for people. We want to get them more ready for anything thrown at them,” de Blasio said during the visit. “It is a reminder of a new reality we’re living with, the reality of climate change. The events that we used to consider extreme weather are becoming more common. We can’t act like they’re unexpected.”
Shannon Bond is the FT’s US media and marketing correspondent
-------------------------------------------
Cities under threat
With more than half the world’s population living in cities and global wealth accumulating, flood damage costs are set to rocket as warmer temperatures raise sea levels.
London The Thames Barrier, completed in 1982, spans 520 metres downstream of the UK capital, making it one of the world’s largest moveable flood barriers. Closing all 10 gates takes about 90 minutes and protects 48 sq miles of London. As of March this year, the barrier had been closed 174 times since it opened – half of the closures were to protect against tidal surges from the North Sea and half to alleviate upstream river flooding. It is hoped the barrier will continue to be effective until the end of the century.
Guangzhou China’s third-largest city faces the highest financial impact from flooding of any major coastal city, according to the OECD. About 13 per cent of the Pearl River delta is below sea level, and water levels along coastal Guangdong province have been rising faster than global averages, according to China’s State Oceanic Administration. The provincial government this year called for cities including Guangzhou to upgrade drainage and sewage lines and engineer new flood control systems that will allow them to weather flood heights associated with the worst storms.
Melbourne Sea levels along Australia’s southeast coast are projected to rise almost 2ft by 2070, threatening swaths of the country’s second most populous city. Melbourne’s 1200 Buildings programme aims to retrofit more than two-thirds of the city’s commercial structures over the next decade. The plan calls for buildings to cut emissions, water use and energy consumption as part of the city’s goal to reach net-zero carbon emissions by 2020.
Ho Chi Minh City Perched on the Saigon River, Vietnam’s largest city is expanding toward the sea as its population grows beyond the current 8m. But the river that is the city’s economic heart is also the source of increasingly frequent flooding, and current urban development plans will leave two-thirds of Ho Chi Minh City at flood risk by 2025. The city has struck a partnership with Rotterdam in the Netherlands to adopt best practices from its Dutch counterpart, including increasing water drainage and storage capacity and building more resilient waterfront infrastructure.
Photographs: Robert Stolarik; Reuters; Rebuild by Design
Related Topics
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Massive Chinese Company Files Biggest IPO In US HistoryMassive Chinese Company Files Biggest IPO In US History
 | By                                                                MICHAEL LIEDTKE
Updated:
09/05/2014  6:59 pm EDT
The Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. application loading page is displayed on an Apple Inc. iPad, rear, and iPhone 5s in an arranged photograph in Hong Kong, China, on Wednesday, May 7, 2014. Alibaba, which rode China's emergence as an economic superpower over the last 15 years to become a massive online marketplace for everything from forks to forklifts, filed yesterday for what could become the largest U.S. initial public offering ever. Photographer: Brent Lewin/Bloomberg via Getty Images | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — China's Alibaba Group is seeking to raise up to $24.3 billion in its upcoming IPO — an amount that would be the most raised by a company in a stock market debut.
The e-commerce company and its early investors are hoping to sell up to 368 million shares for $60 to $66 apiece, according to a regulatory filing late Friday that sets the stage for Alibaba Group Ltd. to make its long-awaited debut on the New York Stock Exchange later this month.
The documents didn't spell out when trading would begin. The debut is likely to come somewhere from Sept. 18 through Sept. 26. The timing hinges on how many issues regulators raise with the IPO.
The company's management will begin to travel around the world next week to meet with money managers and other investors interested in investing in Alibaba's IPO. If interest increases, the IPO price could be higher than $66 per share.
Alibaba has emerged as a hot commodity because of its e-commerce bazaar, a shopping magnet for businesses and consumers alike as China's economy steadily grows. The company's network of sites includes Taobao, Tmall, and AliExpress, as well as Alibaba.
Most of Alibaba's 279 million active buyers visit the sites at least once a month on smartphones and other mobile devices, making the company attractive to investors as computing shifts away from laptop and desktop machines.
At $66 per share, Alibaba would debut with a market value of $163 billion. That would be more than all but a handful of technology companies, a testament to Alibaba's stunning growth since former schoolteacher Jack Ma started the company in his apartment 15 years ago.
Alibaba plans to sell 123 million of the shares, with the rest being offered by the company's early investors, including Yahoo Inc., which is parting with some of its 22-percent stake.
The fundraising target eclipses the $16 billion Facebook raised in 2012, the most for a technology IPO. It also would top the all-time IPO fundraising record of $22.1 billion set by the Agricultural Bank of China Ltd. in 2010, according to the research firm Dealogic.
Even at $60 per share, Alibaba's IPO would come close to matching the record set by the Agricultural Bank of China.
Still, it's possible investors won't like what they hear during Alibaba's upcoming management presentations, dropping the IPO price.
In its last fiscal year ending March 31, Alibaba earned $3.7 billion, making it more profitable than eBay Inc. and Amazon.com Inc. combined. Amazon ended Friday with a market value of about $160 billion while eBay's market value stood at $67 billion.
Like China's consumer and Internet market, Alibaba is still growing rapidly. The company's revenue in its latest quarter ending in June surged 46 percent from last year to $2.54 billion while its earnings climbed 60 percent to nearly $1.2 billion, after subtracting a one-time gain and certain other items.
Yahoo stands to make almost as much money from the IPO as Alibaba does. The U.S. company, which has been struggling to grow for years, is in line for a windfall of $7.3 billion to $8 billion by selling 121.7 million of is Alibaba shares. Yahoo has said it intends to distribute at least one half of its take from the Alibaba IPO to its own shareholders. That leaves open the possibility that Yahoo will use the remaining chunk of money to make acquisitions that could help its own revenue growth.
Even after the IPO sale, Yahoo will still own nearly 402 million Alibaba shares, or a 16 percent. Yahoo's stock climbed 81 cents to $40.40 in Friday's extended trading after Alibaba set its IPO price range.
Alibaba's founder will be the biggest individual winner. Ma, 49, will pocket $765 million to $841.5 million by selling 12.75 million of his Alibaba shares. After the IPO, Ma will still retain a nearly 8 percent stake in the company worth $12.8 billion at $66 per share.
More:

Lego World s Top Selling Toy Maker; Barbie LagsYou are here: Home Corporates
Lego Overtakes Barbie Maker Mattel in Half Yearly Sales
Agence France Presse | Updated On: September 06, 2014 12:01 (IST)
Copenhagen: Danish toy maker Lego has taken the top spot as the world's biggest maker of toys by sales, overtaking Barbie doll-maker Mattel, its first half results showed.
First-half sales rose 11.0 per cent to 11.5 billion kroner ($2.03 billion or Rs 12,180 crore).
Performance was boosted by the Lego Movie product line which was launched together with the group's eponymous feature film earlier this year.
"It is too early to say if the strong performance will be reflected in the full year results," chief financial officer John Goodwin said in a statement.
"The majority of Lego sales to consumers happen in the second half of the calendar year in a short time span of a few weeks leading up to the holiday season."
Net profit rose 14 per cent to 2.7 billion kroner, also putting it ahead of Mattel, which reported disappointing first-half results in July as sales of Barbie continued to decline.
Mattel bought Canadian Lego rival Mega Brands - which makes plastic building blocks directly in competition with the Danish group's products - for $460 million in February.
Lego is looking to grow in Asia, where sales are relatively small compared to sales in the mature markets of Europe and North America.
"China saw the most significant growth in consumer sales in the region by more than 50 per cent," the company said.
Story first published on: September 06, 2014 11:16 (IST)

Markets continue winning spree for fourth straight weekJinsy Mathew |  Mumbai Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 09:20 PM IST
Markets continue to gain for fourth straight week
BHEL, Tata Motors, HDFC, Hindalco and ITC were the top losers; consumer durables, capital goods, IT and health care indices gained
Markets edged higher for the fourth consecutive week, though the benchmark indices closed in the red through the last two trading sessions, retreating from record highs amid profit booking. The markets snapped their intra-week winning streak after foreign investors sold index futures worth Rs 591 crore ($97.9 million) and stock futures worth Rs 677 crore on Thursday, exchange data showed.
During the week, crude oil prices fell. This is good news for India, as a lower crude oil price will help address fiscal woes and narrow the country’s current account deficit.
For the week, the 30-share Sensex gained 289 points, or 1.46 per cent, to close at 27,027, while the 50-share Nifty added 132 points, or 1.67 per cent, to close the week at 8, 087. Broader markets continued to attract sizeable investments through the week. The mid-cap index rose four per cent, while the small-cap index gained 3.5 per cent, continuing their outperforming trend.
During the week, the European Central Bank (ECB), at a governing council meeting in Frankfurt, reduced all three of its primary interest rates by 10 basis points. Vinod Nair, head (fundamental research), Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services Ltd, said ECB’s new stimulus measures would benefit equity markets across the world, especially emerging markets. Considering the improvement of India’s fundamentals relative to emerging markets, the markets here would benefit from the stimulus, he added.
The rupee, which closed at 60.39 a dollar, recorded its fifth consecutive weekly rise.
Sectors and stocks
On a weekly basis, the only pocket of disappointment among the BSE sectoral indices was the FMCG (fast-moving consumer goods) index, which fell 0.6 per cent.
The consumer durables, capital goods, information technology and health care indices were the top gainers, rising three-five per cent.
During the week, banking and automobile stocks underperformed, with gains of a per cent each. In the previous week, these were among the top gainers.
Among Sensex stocks, Cipla gained the most, rising eight per cent after the launch of anti-asthma metered dose inhalers in Germany and Sweden. Bharti Airtel was the other major gainer, up eight per cent after the company said its subsidiary had signed an agreement to acquire over 2.7 million subscribers of yuMobile.
Hero MotoCorp, Larsen & Tubro and Axis Bank, up five-six per cent, were the other notable gainers.
FMCG major ITC and HUL ended down one per cent each. Metal majors Tata Steel and Hindalco slipped 0.1 per cent and 1.4 per cent, respectively. ICICI Bank, HDFC and Bhel, down 0.5-seven per cent, rounded off the list of losers.
Week ahead
Power and metal shares will be in the spotlight, ahead of the Supreme Court’s decision on coal block allocations during 1993-2010, scheduled for Tuesday.
Investors are likely to focus on consumer price inflation for August and data on the Index of Industrial Production for July, due on Friday. Also, the markets will take cues from their global counterparts reacting to the US jobs data, to be released after market hours on Friday.
Oil prices, at about a 14-month low, will be tracked closely. Any further correction will be an added positive for Indian markets. Geopolitical risks will continue to weigh on market sentiment.
 Advertisements

Wilful Defaulter Tag a  Powerful Weapon  for Creditors: RajanWith Kick, Salman Khan Knocks Down More Box-Office Records
Mumbai: Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan has said the wilful defaulter tag is a powerful weapon in the hands of lenders for resolving bad loans.
His comments come days after state-run United Bank of India declared industrialist Vijay Mallya as a "wilful defaulter".
"The wilful defaulter tag is a powerful weapon in the hands of creditors for resolving distressed assets. It shuts out access to credit within the Indian financial system for a borrower," Mr Rajan said without naming Mallya.
He was speaking at an event organised by American bank Citi at Boston last night. The comments come from a note circulated by the event organiser.
Mr Mallya, whose Kingfisher Airlines owes money to several banks, had on Thursday said he would challenge UBI's decision to declare him a wilful defaulter.
Mr Mallya is the chairman of United Breweries, producer of India's best-selling beer brand Kingfisher. He is also the chairman of United Spirits, which is now controlled by Diageo Plc.
Besides United Bank of India, Kingfisher owes about Rs 9,140 crore to about a dozen lenders. Of them, IDBI Bank is considering declaring Mr Mallya a wilful defaulter and is serving out its 15-day notice period on non-payment of dues.
Kingfisher owes Rs 750 crore to IDBI Bank.
Indian banks' gross NPAs touched 4.6 per cent in June 2014, according to rating agency Icra.
Mr Rajan said that even though gross NPAs and restructured assets are at 10 per cent of the total assets, there are some signs of this stress easing in the last few quarters as project approvals have been fast-tracked and levels of stalled projects have started to decline.
"The sectors which have been impacted the most could see NPAs easing as growth returns," he was quoted as saying.
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 21:43 (IST)

Russia  will react  if EU implements new sanctions: Foreign MinistryPrint
Reuters | Moscow | Posted: September 6, 2014 3:12 pm
Russia’s Foreign Ministry vowed on Saturday to react if the European Union implements new sanctions against Moscow over its role in the Ukraine crisis.
The EU announced the additional measures late on Friday but said they could be suspended if Moscow withdraws its troops from Ukraine and observes a newly agreed ceasefire in eastern Ukraine.
The new sanctions include adding a further 24 people to a list of people barred from entry to the 28-nation bloc and whose assets are frozen.
They are due to be implemented on Monday.
“If they (new sanctions) are implemented of course there will be a reaction from our side,” the ministry said in a statement.

Why it makes sense for EPFO to invest in stock marketsWhy it makes sense for EPFO to invest in markets
By ET Bureau | 6 Sep, 2014, 03.00PM IST
A booming stock market and diversified investment portfolio comprising a judicious mix of equities and debt will generate superior returns for workers. 
Editor's Pick
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
After dithering for over a decade, the Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) finally wants to invest in equities. It makes eminent sense. A booming stock market and diversified investment portfolio comprising a judicious mix of equities and debt will generate superior returns for workers. The EPFO must shed its tag as a poor fund manager.
It is also welcome that the archaic Indian Trusts Act will be amended to make this possible. The 19th-century law allows trusts to invest only in securities guaranteed by the British Crown. It is ridiculous it has remained on the statute books all this while, putting huge investments by assorted trusts over the years on the wrong side of the law. The government should purge all such relics from the statutes.
Investment rules already allow the EPFO to invest up to 15% of portfolio in equities, but the trustees shunned stocks and even private sector bonds to ostensibly protect workers' interests. Over 85% of EPFO's money is currently held in government bonds, and the rest is parked in debentures or securities issued by banks and public sector enterprises.
Exempt trusts — provident fund trusts run by private firms — are also forced to follow the same investment pattern as the EPF. That's unfair and must change. Equities are superior long-term investments, even if they tend to be volatile. An amendment to the Trusts Act is an enabling measure. The Central Board of Trustees should quickly give its nod for retirement savings to flow into the stock markets .
The EPFO should also unlock its investment of around.`55,000 crore in Special Deposit Scheme (SDS). The government pays a fixed rate of 8.7% on SDS to EPFO, which, today, is in line with the yield on 10-year g-secs. So, the time is opportune for a phase-out over a five-year span.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Opinion on Twitter Follow

Kevin Pietersen thumbs-up for IPL  says England set to be a loserApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Railways to use geosynthetics on 2 500 kms of tracks to improve train-speedApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Glance: The biggest IPOs in historyApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Mary Kom earns over 8 crore on day onePriyanka Chopra-starrer Mary Kom has made an opening  collection of over Rs. 8 crore on Friday. "The film has made Rs. 8 crore plus on its opening day," a source from the movie's co-producers Viacom18 Motion Pictures, said.
Watch: Mary Kom review
Mary Kom, a biopic on the five-time boxing champion M.C. Mary Kom's life, is directed by first time director Omung Kumar and co-produced by Sanjay Leela Bhansali. The makers are happy with the response to the film which released across 1,800 screens in the country on Friday. The release was preceded by a world premiere at the prestigious Toronto International Film Festival.
"Mary Kom has delivered a strong opening day and set a new first day benchmark for heroine-centric films. The word of mouth is positive and Priyanka's standout performance has touched a chord with audiences across sections," Ajit Andhare, chief operating officer, Viacom18 Motion Pictures, said. They are confident that the film will do well.
  
Play Pause
Priyanka Chopra stars as Mary Kom in the biopic on boxing champion.
Directed by Omung Kumar, Mary Kom was made with the support of the five-time World Champion boxer herself. Priyanka spent a lot of time with Mary to understand the nuances, ...
The film will have its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival.
"It’s a phenomenal journey — a lovely story that has not just inspired me as a woman, but [can influence] anyone who wants to be more than what they’re told ...
Priyanka Chopra in Mary Kom
"The film is further set for a strong weekend," Andhare added. A story of a strong willed Manipur-based girl, who faced all odds to pursue her passion and who continued to follow her love for boxing even after becoming a wife and a mother of two, Mary Kom released in 1,800 screens in the country.
The team, which went all out to promote the film aggressively, was elated when it was declared tax free in Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and Assam.
Trade analyst Komal Nahta has deduced that Mary Kom is a box office champion. "It may have started slow but fantastic word of mouth will see collections soaring and the film proving to be a hit at the box office," he posted on Twitter.
Mary Kom, as well as Priyanka's performance as Mary Kom, has won her praise from all quarters, while newcomer Darshan Kumar has received applause for essaying the lead character's husband, who turns out to be a huge support system in letting his wife live her dream.
Former police officer Kiran Bedi saw the movie on Teachers' Day Friday and was bowled over by it. She took to Twitter to praise the film, and posted: "Could not have been a better day for release of Mary Kom film. Most Inspirational+well made film seen in the recent past. Must see for AALL. Thanku @priyankachopra for such a real performance as Mary Kom. It's Oscar category! This is one of the most inspirational film I have seen. Our @PMOIndia and @smritiirani please see Mary Kom film ASAP. Needs to be seen widely. Most inspiring for all. Girls most! @priyankachopra."

Delhi: BJP hunts for numbers  Kejriwal accuses it of horse-tradingBJP set to storm Delhi’s darbar, AAP protests
Kumar Uttam , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 06, 2014
First Published: 15:03 IST(6/9/2014) | Last Updated: 15:16 IST(8/9/2014)
Comments
The BJP is preparing to form the next government in Delhi as it looks set to receive an invitation from lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung. Janakpuri MLA Jagdish Mukhi is the frontrunner for the chief minister’s post. The party will, in all probability, prove its majority on the floor of the assembly via secret ballot.
Top BJP leaders indicated as much Saturday. “Everybody wants to avoid fresh elections in Delhi,” party president Amit Shah said on India TV. “The BJP is the single largest party and it has the right to form the government.”
 
A BJP leader said the party was expecting an invitation from the L-G any time and it would form the government. The parliamentary board, the BJP’s highest decision-making body, is expected to meet next week, after the L-G’s invite.
Read: Nothing immoral in BJP forming govt in Delhi: Amit Shah
The BJP has 28 MLAs in the 67-member House while ally Shiro-mani Akali Dal has one. Needing the support of five more to prove majority, it is understood to have secured the backing of two independents — Rambeer Shokeen and expelled AAP MLA Vinod Kumar Binny. But it is still three short of the magic figure. There was speculation that some Congress and AAP MLAs may abstain from the vote or quit before the floor test.
Video: Congress condemns formation of government by horse trading
“We are exploring different options. Some opposition MLAs are disillusioned with their leadership and willing to support us. We are working on the arithmetic,” another BJP leader told HT.
 
The latest indication of BJP’s intent to take power prompted Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal to knock on President Pranab Mukherjee’s door, requesting him to announce fresh elections.
He said Jung’s plan to invite the BJP to form the government would lead to horse-trading. His party colleague Manish Sisodia said BJP leaders were planning to ‘buy’ MLAs and AAP would conduct a sting operation to expose them.
A new government would end seven months of central rule in Delhi, which plunged into a state of political uncertainty after the Kejriwal government resigned on February 14 just 49 days after taking charge. It would also mark the BJP’s return to power in the Capital after 15 years of the Sheila Dikshit-led Congress regime.
Read: Expose ‘poachers’, Kejriwal tells AAP MLAs as fight for Delhi intensifies
 
The lack of a charismatic leader to head a fresh poll campaign and the under-preparedness of the organisation is understood to have influenced the BJP’s decision to give government formation a shot.
But Union home minister Rajnath Singh insisted there would be no horse-trading. “If invited, we will think about it. The BJP does not believe in horse-trading. The BJP will never favour a government with horse-trading.”
Read: BJP will not indulge in horse-trading: Rajnath
All this government formation talk has set alarm bells ringing in AAP, which was looking to consolidate its position in fresh elections. Though it didn’t win a single Lok Sabha seat in the recently held general elections — which the BJP swept — its vote share increased by over 3% compared to its tally in last year’s assembly polls.
Since then, AAP has managed to make inroads into the Congress’ minority vote bank while keeping its hold on the lower strata of society intact.

MH370: Australia  Malaysia contribute AUD 60 mnYou are here: Home > Collections > Australia
Australia, Malaysia contribute AUD 60 million each for MH370 search
PTI Sep 6, 2014, 05.49PM IST
Tags:
Bernama
(Tony Abbott said Australia…)
KUALA LUMPUR: An escalated underwater search operation for the missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 will begin in two weeks' time, with both Malaysia and Australia committing 60 million dollars each towards the effort.
The announcement came at the joint press conference of visiting Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott with his Malaysian counterpart Najib Tun Rajak, state-run Bernama news agency reported.
Both countries committed to give 60 million Australian Dollar each in their quest to locate the plane which is believed to have crashed in Southern Indian Ocean , it said.
Abbott said the hunt for the plane, which inexplicably veered off its Kuala Lumpur-Beijing route on March 8 with 239 people onboard, would continue for as long as required.
The contribution was part of the new underwater search phase for the aircraft in the remote ocean sea bed, it said quoting premier Abbott.
"It will utilise the best available technology. It will last as long as it needs to scour the seabed," Abbott said.
The Australian premier is on a one-day official visit to Malaysia to discuss bilateral issues, including the missing MH370, the downing of MAS MH17 in eastern Ukraine and trade relations.
Abbott arrived here after a successful visit to India where he inked a landmark civil nuclear deal.
He said Australia had intended to build a memorial or monument to honour those on board the MH370 flight in the Australian western coastline.
"But it must be subject to the Malaysian Government and (consent of) the (victims') families," he said.
Meanwhile, Najib said during the fruitful meeting, he and Abbott had reaffirmed their commitment and unwavering support to continue with the search of the aircraft, the report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why Syria could be a stumbling block in the fight against ISISprint
The US and its allies are trying to hammer out a coalition to push back the Islamic State group in Iraq. But any serious attempt to destroy the militants or even seriously degrade their capabilities means targeting their infrastructure in Syria.
That, however, is far more complicated. If it launches airstrikes against the group in Syria, the US runs the risk of unintentionally strengthening the hand of President Bashar Assad, whose removal the West has actively sought the past three years. Uprooting the Islamic State group, which has seized roughly a third of Syria and Iraq, may potentially open the way for the Syrian army to fill the vacuum.
The alternative would be to finally get serious about arming the mainstream Western-backed rebels fighting to topple Assad. But there is a reason the administration of President Barack Obama has been deeply reluctant to throw its weight behind them.
President Barack Obama arrives on the South Lawn of the White House after returning from the NATO Summit in Whales on Friday in Washington. (AP Photo)
The relatively moderate rebel factions fighting in Syria are in tatters. There are no secular groups, and the strongest factions are Islamic groups, many of which work with al Qaeda's official branch in Syria, the Nusra Front.
The Nusra Front, which has somewhat dropped from international headlines because of the Islamic State group's exceeding brutality, is on the US list of terrorist groups and is still very active.
It and other rebels recently seized the Quneitra border crossing between Syria and the Israeli-held Golan Heights, taking 45 United Nations peacekeepers hostage. It was also among a group of militants that recently overran a Lebanese border town and is holding several Lebanese soldiers and policemen captive.
While the US and its allies are now arming Kurdish peshmerga fighters in Iraq against the Islamic State group, Syrian rebels complain they are largely on their own, battling both the militants and the tyranny of Assad.
The Syrian opposition and many Syria observers are convinced that the rapid rise of the Islamic State group is a result of the US having left the Syrian conflict fester for so long.
Obama kicked up a storm of criticism late last month when he said "we don't have a strategy yet" for dealing with the Islamic State group in Syria.
"It is very important from my perspective that when we send our pilots in to do a job, that we know that this is a mission that's going to work, that we're very clear on what our objectives are, what our targets are," Obama said.
His statement epitomizes the caution that many say has been at the heart of US foreign policy on Syria the past three years. For better or for worse, Obama has avoided wading into the Syria mud, resisting pressure to directly arm the rebels in part because of fears the weapons would only end up in extremists' hands.
Watch: We will defeat ISIS, says Obama at Nato summit
Last year, the US threatened to bomb Assad's forces following a deadly chemical weapons attack last year blamed on his government. It backed away at the last minute. Though he had to give up his chemical weapons stockpile, an emboldened Assad made significant advances against outgunned rebels in key areas, particularly around the capital, Damascus.
Members of the Obama administration have said they recognize the need to address the Syria side of the equation. While meeting with Nato foreign and defense ministers on possible action in Iraq, US secretary of state John Kerry said there are obviously "implications about Syria in this."
A senior Obama administration official said Thursday that the US wanted to establish a credible ground force in Syria by training more moderate rebels before taking military action there.
The US signaled back in June that it hopes to enlist moderate Syrian opposition fighters in the battle against militant extremists. Obama sent Congress a $500 million request for a Pentagon-run program that would significantly expand previous covert efforts to support rebels.
The request is still pending.
Still, such a program faces the same questions hanging over US policy the past three years - how to distinguish "moderate" rebels from others in an increasingly radical landscape and how to ensure weapons only reach those groups.
Read: Nato allies unite, ready to challenge ISIS threat
Airstrikes alone would likely do little to truly defeat the Islamic State if there is no force on the ground to seize territory as the radicals retreat. Western leaders have categorically rejected the notion of partnering up with Assad, whom they accuse of committing war crimes on his own people.
So that means greater coordination with rebel factions.
"Unless such groups are able to capitalize on any airstrikes against the Islamic State in Syria, the Syrian armed forces may be able to fill the vacuum," said Torbjorn Soltvedt, a senior analyst at the British risk analysis firm Maplecroft.

Black unemployment is always much worse than white unemployment. But the gap depends on where you live.By Philip Bump September 6 Follow @pbump
There was a stubborn bit of data buried in the August jobs report released on Friday : The unemployment rate for blacks (11.4 percent) was more than twice that for whites (5.3 percent). We call this stubborn for one simple reason: In the 42-year period during which the Bureau of Labor Statistics has separated out unemployment data into different races, black unemployment has always been higher than white unemployment.
In fact, it has always been at least two-thirds higher. Five years ago last month, the rate of unemployment for black Americans was only 66 percent higher than that for whites, thanks to the rocketing overall unemployment rate due to the recession. That was the smallest difference in 42 years. The largest difference was in February 1989, when the unemployment rate for blacks was almost three times that of whites -- 11.9 percent to 4.3 percent.
One last point on this: Since January 1972, the black unemployment rate has been 115 percent more than the white unemployment rate -- as it was in August -- in 279 of 512 months. That's more than half the time.
That ratio varies by state. The BLS offers annual averages for the unemployment rate by race and state from 1999 to 2013. A number of states have such small black populations that the comparison is doesn't shed much light (Vermont, South Dakota, Utah, etc.). For the rest, we went back and calculated the gap between the two races.
That's admittedly messy, so we broke it out by Census bureau region, averaging the states for which we had data. (The map below this graph shows the states in each region.)
Even within the states we used, there were some high margins of error -- like in Alaska and West Virginia. In states with substantial black populations, there has been only one year in one state in which the unemployment rate for blacks was lower than that for whites: 2007 in Massachusetts. That year, the average unemployment rate for blacks in the state was 4.3 percent. For whites, it was 4.7.
Over the 10-year period between 2004 and 2013, Massachusetts had one of the lowest ratios of black to white unemployment. On average, the unemployment rate for blacks was 66 percent higher than that for whites.
Note: While we use the term "black" in this article, the Bureau of Labor Statistics has since 2003 tracked "black and African-American" unemployment numbers. If you're curious, Gallup explored the difference a few years ago.
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He previously wrote for The Wire, the news blog of The Atlantic magazine. He has contributed to The Daily Beast, The Atlantic, The Daily, and the Huffington Post. Philip is based in New York City.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410004815/1410004815000/1410004815 tracking: {authors=Philip Bump, blog_name=the-fix, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=black-unemployment-is-always-much-worse-than-white-unemployment-but-the-gap-depends-on-where-you-live, post_id=109915, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 6, 2014 12:00:15 PM close date: Sep 20, 2014 12:00:15 PM

Labour unrest at Titagarh Wagons  suspends workLabour unrest at Titagarh Wagons, suspends work
Our Bureau
Titagarh Wagons Ltd has imposed suspension of work at its wagon making unit near here.
J P Chowdhary, Chairman of the company confirmed the development to Business Line.
He said that seven workers were suspended for “unruly behaviour and indiscipline” at the plant on Thursday.
“A section workers along with local rowdies stopped operations at the factory. The police and the Labour Commissioners have been informed about the incidents that led the management to impose suspension of work on Saturday”, he added.
The unit employs some 500 workers, of which 300 are regular.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Most Popular

TNAU announces availability of milk yielding African maize seedsTNAU announces availability of milk yielding African maize seeds
L N Revathy
Tweet
Coimbatore, Sept 6:  
The Tamil Nadu Agricultural University (TNAU) has appealed to dairy farmers to avail the seeds of milk yielding fodder maize.
A University release said that the seeds of this African tall variety maize, which is high green fodder yielding, palatable and milk yielding variety is available with the Department of Forage Crops.
Dairy farmers could use this opportunity to raise the African maize variety, University sources said.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Agri-Commodities

Kejriwal: Possibility of compromise in defamation complaintA file image of Cabinet Minister Nitin Gadkari (left) and AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal
New Delhi, Sept 6:  
Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Arvind Kejriwal today told a Delhi court that there was a possibility of compromise in a criminal defamation complaint filed against him by Cabinet Minister Nitin Gadkari and they were in the process of finalising it.
The counsel for Kejriwal made the submissions on being asked by the court if both the politicians have arrived at any compromise in the matter.
“It is basically clash of egos. Its better if the matter gets settled,” Metropolitan Magistrate Gomati Manocha said.
To this, the counsel appearing for Kejriwal said, “There is a possibility of compromise. We are in the process.”
The court fixed the matter for further hearing on October 18 after the counsel appearing for Gadkari and Kejriwal sought adjournment on the ground that the matter was pending before the Delhi High Court, which will hear the case on October 16.
Kejriwal was arrested and sent to Tihar jail on May 21 after he had refused to furnish bail bond in the case but gave in within a week and was released.
Meanwhile, the court allowed former Delhi Chief Minister Kejriwal’s plea for permanent exemption from personal appearance.
The court had earlier framed defamation charges against Kejriwal after both the parties had told it that they have not reached any settlement in the case.
Section 500 (defamation) of the IPC, being a compoundable offence, the court had advised Kejriwal to bury the hatchet and amicably settle the issue with Gadkari.
Gadkari had earlier told the court that he was ready to resolve the issue if Kejriwal withdraws his statement.
Kejriwal, however, had refused to withdraw his statement and allegations which he had levelled against Gadkari.
Kejriwal was earlier summoned as an accused by the court in the defamation complaint in which Gadkari had alleged that he was defamed by the AAP leader who had included his name in the party’s list of “India’s most corrupt”.
Gadkari had earlier told the court, “I am an honest politician and damage has been caused to my reputation by the defamatory allegation levelled against me by Kejriwal. I don’t have any personal enmity against Kejriwal.”
After the court had framed the notice, Kejriwal pleaded not guilty to the offence and had claimed trial.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)

KIOCL to formulate Vision 2022 corporate planBSE 27057.41(-207.91)
NSE 8094.10(-58.85)
SELECT      autono,      section1,      datetime,      heading,      authorname,      subheading,      content,      location,      thumbimg,      bigimg     FROM      newbsdata_api     WHERE      autono = 114090600533
Companies
Mahesh Kulkarni |  Bangalore Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 05:59 PM IST
KIOCL to formulate Vision 2022 corporate plan
Embarks on diversification cum expansion plan
Bangalore-based KIOCL Limited, the ministry of steel undertaking, is in the process of formulating Corporate Plan through a Vision 2022 document as it is looking for new direction. The company has chalked out a massive expansion cum diversification plan to sustain in the competitive market.
The company has seen a sea of change in its activities ever since it stopped mining in 2006 at its mines in Western Ghats region following the Supreme Court direction in 2002.
"It could not project its future plan through a formal process. Now, since many of the initiatives taken in the past are falling into shape, it has been decided to formulate a Corporate Plan through a Vision 2022 document aligning its term in a year with Government of India's 13th Five year Plan," said Malay Chatterjee, chairman and managing director, KIOCL Limited.
The document is under formulation in consultation with a reputed consulting firm and is likely to be finalised by the mid of 2014-15, he said in the annual report for 2013-14.
KIOCL has been making relentless efforts to acquire an alternate mine to provide itself a new lease of life. The situation has aggravated further with the changing government policies and imposition of new and varied types of duties and taxes, which make the products uncompetitive and thus losing foothold in the course of time, he said.
"To address this issue, a mandate has been given to a reputed international consulting firm to conduct a comprehensive study and evaluate viability and sustainability of the Company. The agency is required to take the current situation covering the economic condition etc. and would hold dialogue with its key stakeholders," he said.
The study is under progress and once the report is submitted, the Company will analyse the same holistically and would take appropriate steps, for its long term sustenance and creation of value to stakeholders, Chatterjee said.
O&M business vertical
In an effort to survive in the highly competitive market, KIOCL has set up a new business vertical, Operation and Maintenance (O&M). It is in the process of securing an O&M contract from NMDC Limited.
NMDC is setting up a Beneficiation Plant of 1.89 million tonnes per annum capacity and a Pellet Plant of 1.2 million tonnes per annum capacity at their Donimalai premises and these plants are likely to be commissioned by October 2014. In these plants, NMDC propose to utilise the unused slime material from their tailing dam and converting them into Pellets.
Keeping the expertise available with the KIOCL in having successfully operated a beneficiation plant of 7.5 million tonnes per annum capacity and also operating a Pellet Plant of 3.5 million tonnes per annum capacity, the Company has submitted its proposal to NMDC offering its expertise for the operation & Maintenance contract for an initial period of 3 years. O&M contract will help the Company to gainfully utilise its experienced manpower. The contract is expected to be awarded shortly, Chatterjee said.
The company backed with its ability, outstanding performance, highly skilled & committed workforce, fully computerized offices, latest design software, integrated project monitoring wing etc. and rich legacy has diversified and would like to emerge as a leading Project Management Consultant (PMC). The Company has empanelled the Architects and other Consultants for carrying out PMC work, he added.
 Advertisements

Mary Kom on the way to breaking even in the first weekUrvi Malvania |  Mumbai Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 09:40 PM IST
Mary Kom packs a punch at box office
Film on way to make profit in the first weekend
Priyanka Chopra as Mary Kom is packing a punch at the box office with opening day collections in the range of Rs 8-10 crore and is on its way to breaking even in the first weekend itself. The movie Mary Kom, which was released on Friday and follows the life and struggles of the Olympic medallist boxer has been co-produced by Sanjay Leela Bhansali and Viacom18 Motion Pictures and distributed worldwide by Eros International.
The movie — which has been made at an estimated budget of Rs 15-18 crore, including production, prints and advertising — is perched comfortable on its way to profitability. The movie has the earned the distinction of breaking even in record time, despite having an A-lister on the cast. Analysts and distributors reveal the movie is set to maintain collections over the weekend and should hit the Rs 24 to 28 crore mark by Monday.
Considering the movie is tax free in Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh and the Northeast, the producers will recover Rs 12-14 crore in the first weekend going by these estimates. Sources say the movie would have made another Rs 3 to 4 crore in music rights under a multiple movie Vicom18 and Zee Music Company deal. This will make the producers’ return on investment on the movie around Rs 16-20 crore, putting them in a break-even position.
While the exact figures are not available, the imputed revenue from the satellite right fee of the movie would be in the range of Rs 12 to 14 crore. The rights lie with Vicom18’s flagship general entertainment channel, Colors. Over and above this, the film had as many as 20 brands tying up with it for association in some form or the other. This translated into visibility worth Rs 20 crore for Mary Kom.
Ajit Andhare, chief operating officer, Viacom18 Motion Pictures, said, “Mary Kom has delivered a strong opening day and has set a new first-day benchmark for heroine-centric films. The word of mouth is positive and Priyanka’s standout performance has touched a chord with the audience across sections. The film is further set for a strong weekend.”
The film was released in 1,500 to 1,800 screens in the country, with a multiplex to singled screen ratio of 60:40. The co-producers released the movie after identifying niches that a biopic on a contemporary female boxer would attract footfalls in. For international distribution, the movie will be released in a phased manner. The traditional markets such as the US, the UK and the UAE will be the territories in the first phase of the international release. Mary Kom is being distributed worldwide by Eros International.
While its opening day collection falls short of some other medium budget movies like 2 States (opening day collection – Rs 12 crore) and Ek Villain (Rs 16 crore), it’s collections are on a par with Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhaniya (Rs 9 crore) and Ragini MMS 2 (Rs 8.74 crore). It has, however, far outdone Viacom18’s earlier release of the year — Queen (with Kangana Ranaut in the lead) which managed to rake in only Rs 2 crore on the opening day.
Mary Kom is on its way to being a part of the slew of medium budget movies which have reaped rich dividends for its makers after box office collections, satellite rights and music rights. Last year saw Aditya Roy Kapoor and Shraddha Kapoor’s Aashiqui 2 bring in 170 per cent returns on investment for the producers while this year, Alia Bhatt and Arjun Kapoor’s 2 States leads the profitability table with profitability of 92 per cent. Despite its slow start, Queen also turned profitable at the box office during its life time at the movie screens.
 Advertisements

Milestone to launch Rs 500 cr fund for mid-size housing projectsBS Reporter |  Chennai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 12:24 AM IST
Milestone to launch Rs 500-cr fund for housing projects
The PE firm also plans to launch 11th fund of Rs 500 crore for commercial projects
PE firm Milestone Capital Advisors Ltd, which focuses on residential and commercial projects, has launched its 10th fund that would focus on mid-size residential projects. Tata Investment Corporation is the anchor investor in the proposed Rs 500 crore fund, which is expected to see the first close in September end with around Rs 200 crore. The PE firm also said that it would look at launching its 11th fund, with a size of Rs 400-500 crore.
Rubi Arya, vice chairman and director, Milestone Capital Advisors Ltd said that the fund is expecting to close the first round by end of September, with about Rs 200 crore, while it will take another six months to raise balance money.
The Fund size would be about Rs 500 crore, with an upsize option of another Rs 200 crore, said Arya, adding that Tata Investment Corporation is the anchor investor of the fund.
Already six projects were identified for the proposed fund, said Alok Aggarwal, managing partner and CEO - real estate, Milestone Capital Advisors. He said 70 per cent of the fund would be towards debt and balance will be equity.
Target IRR is around 22-24 per cent in structured debt with or without equity upside and 26-28 per cent in hybrid equity structures, said Aggarwal, who noted tenure for the investor would be 3.5 years with provision for one year extension.
Navin Kumar, executive director, Milestone Capital Advisors Ltd added the fund will continue to focus in the five cities including NCR, Pune, Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore. "Around 30 per cent of the allocation, in the 10th fund, will be for the Chennai market," he said.
Milestone Capital Advisors is also planning to launch its 11th fund, which will focus on commercial real estate projects, said Arya.
"We normally take a decision on the next fund in mid-way, on the ongoing fund raising process. So we will taking the process for the next fund, which would be around Rs 400-500 crore in the next six months," she said.
Milestone Capital Advisors manages eight funds, including six domestic and two overseas, in real estate space. These funds includes India's first REIT like structures as well as Bullion producitiy and portfolio management systems. The company raised and deployed around Rs 2,876 crore across the funds, Milestone has returned over Rs 1,650 crore (around 57 %) back to its investors.
 Advertisements

Lionel Barber reviews Henry Kissinger’s ‘World Order’September 5, 2014 1:26 pm
Lionel Barber reviews Henry Kissinger’s ‘World Order’
By Lionel Barber
The former secretary of state to two US presidents calls for American leadership at a time of international disorder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/76fc7bb0-341e-11e4-8832-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Linganmakki reservoir touches brimThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Andhra Pradesh Assembly adopts resolution on 33 pc reservation for BCsPress Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: September 6, 2014 6:58 pm
Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly on Saturday adopted a resolution requesting the Centre to provide 33.33 per cent reservation to backward classes (BCs) in the Parliament as well as the state legislatures.
Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu moved the resolution in the House on the last day of the Budget session.
Seeking “constitutional status” for backward classes, the resolution also urged the Centre to conduct a census on BCs to determine their population.
It also requested setting up of a separate ministry for the welfare of BCs and earmark 25 per cent of welfare funds for the backward classes sub-plan.
The AP government also wanted the Union Government to provide reservations in promotions for government employees belonging to backward classes.
“With strong commitment, my government will ensure welfare of backward classes in Andhra Pradesh,” the Chief Minister announced, moving the resolution in the Assembly.
BCs have been the backbone of the Telugu Desam Party, he said adding that the state government would revive the “Aadarana” schemes for the welfare of BC artisans.
The House adopted the resolution unanimously but Leader of Opposition Y S Jaganmohan Reddy sought to speak on the issue after the resolution was passed.
Since Jagan’s name was not in the list of speakers given by the YSR Congress on the subject, other members of his party spoke.
Legislative Affairs Minister Yanamala Ramakrishnudu said it was against the rules to speak on a subject after a resolution was passed by the House.
Jagan’s remarks that the ruling party members should question their conscience if they had “humanity” and that they were “not humans” evoked a strong counter-attack by the TDP.
“The Opposition leader should immediately withdraw his remarks,” the Legislative Affairs Minister demanded and alleged the former was acting in an “undemocratic and unconstitutional” manner.
“He is behaving without knowing even the basics of the legislature’s functioning. We recently organised a training programme for new legislators to educate them on the rules and procedures of the House, but Jagan did not attend,” Yanamala pointed out.
Speaker Kodela Sivaprasada Rao said ample opportunity was given to the opposition members to express their views on various issues.
“Every opportunity was given even to the Leader of Opposition whenever he sought time (to speak),” the Speaker said.
After this din, the House passed the Appropriation Bill (Budget) for the October-March period of the 2014-15 financial year with a total outlay of Rs 1.11 lakh crore.
The House was then adjourned sine die after conducting business for 15 days for the Budget session.

CRPF suspends 17 personnel for inaction during Naxal ambushPrint
Written by Ashutosh Bhardwaj | Raipur | Posted: September 6, 2014 6:55 pm | Updated: September 7, 2014 2:16 am
The CRPF has suspended 17 of its personnel for “inaction and lack of satisfactory counter-action” during a Maoist attack six months ago at Tahakwada in Sukma district in which 11 personnel of the paramilitary force and four men of the Chhattisgarh Police were killed.
This is the first instance when the CRPF had suspended its personnel deployed on the anti-Naxal front in Chhattisgarh for “dereliction of duty and cowardice”, said senior officials.
The action followed a preliminary enquiry ordered by CRPF IG Chhattisgarh HS Siddhu. “Following a preliminary enquiry these personnel were placed under suspension and departmental inquiry has been initiated for inaction and lack of satisfactory response during the Naxal attack,” Siddhu told The Sunday Express.
All the suspended personnel — 14 constables and head constables, two assistant sub-inspectors and an inspector— belonged to the 80th Battalion.
The biggest Maoist ambush on security forces in three years, the attack took place on March 11 morning, weeks before the Lok Sabha elections in Bastar. Along with the 15 CRPF and police personnel, a villager was also killed in the attack.
The state police have also suspended a head constable, an alleged “Maoist mole” in the force who informed the rebels about the police movement during the ambush. Bastar IG SRP Kalluri said, “A court of inquiry was conducted. On the basis of account of the injured CRPF personnel and eyewitnesses and other evidence available, CRPF has suspended them. We have also suspended a head constable Mahadev Nag. He informed one Manjhi Ram Kashyap that forces had left the thana. Kashyap later informed the Maoists about the force movement,” Kalluri added. Kashyap was arrested a fortnight ago.
Several of the CRPF’s suspended personnel have been sent on leave and sources indicated they might be dismissed after the departmental inquiry that is likely to submit its report in three months.
While Bastar has seen killings of several security personnel in Maoist ambushes, the Tahakwada incident was different. A team of 45 CRPF and police personnel had left Tongpal police station for a patrol on national highway around 9.30 am. They had barely walked 3-4 km when they were ambushed in a plain area, where there were no hills or forests as in other ambushes. The Maoists fired from behind the small hedges in a field, just 40-45 metre from the road and managed to kill 15 personnel of the front row in the first burst of fire itself.
It has now emerged that the suspended personnel were behind this first section and instead of coming to their help, they stayed behind and later deserted their colleagues.
The Maoists also easily managed to snatch the rifles of the slain personnel. The weapons and ammunition looted included six AK-47s, some of which were fitted with Under Barrel Grenade Launchers, 18 magazines of the same rifle, one Light Machine Gun with 10 magazines, nine INSAS rifles with 30 magazines, two SLRs with six magazines and two wireless sets.
While Chhattisgarh police and CRPF DGP Dileep Trivedi had claimed after the ambush that the forces fought continued…

Married Indian icon tycoon pays $81 000 to kiss Elizabeth HurleyMarried Indian origin tycoon pays $81,000 to kiss Elizabeth Hurley
PTI  Los Angeles, September 06, 2014
First Published: 12:05 IST(6/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:25 IST(7/9/2014)
Comments
A kiss from model-actor Elizabeth Hurley sold for $81,000 (app Rs 49 lakh) at a fund raising auction for Elton John's AIDS Foundation.
It was bought by Canadian tycoon Julian Bharti as part of the auction and dinner at the music legend's Woodside End of Summer Party, which brought in money for the singer's charity, reported E!Online.
The 27-year-old father of three kissed the 49-year-old model full on mouth while the largely celeb crowd cheered on. Bharti is a Person of Indian Origin (PIO) and the eldest son of billionaire Forbes & Manhattan founder and CEO, Stan Bharti.
Hurley looked absolutely stunning in a cream mini dress and gold strappy sandals. She also draped a fur stole around her shoulders and accessorised her look with some neck and ear bling, along with a gold sparkly clutch bag.
Guests including Ian MCKellen, Ellie Goulding and Lulu splashed out $5,100 each on tickets to the exclusive gala, which was held in the grounds of John's mansion in Berkshire.
Advertisement

First Border haat in Tripura by end of OctoberUpdated: September 6, 2014 19:33 IST
First Border haat in Tripura by end of October
PTI
Business Line Bangladeshi trucks carrying international cargo crossing over to India at Akhaura Land Customs Station near Agartala. A file photo: Ashoke Chakrabarty.
TOPICS
business (general)
The first border ‘haat’ (market) of Tripura, set up at Indo-Bangla boundary at Srinagar in South district, about 110 km from Agartala would be inaugurated in the third week of October to boost bilateral trade, Tripura Industrial Development Corporation (TIDC) officials said.
“This decision was taken in the meeting of the Chairpersons of the Border haat management committees of South Tripura district and Feni district of neighbouring Bangladesh held in the Chhagalnaiya sub-division of Feni district on Thursday last,” Senior Manager of Tripura Industrial Development Corporation (TIDC), Shyamal Dev said.
TIDC is the nodal agency of bilateral trade through border haat and the Additional District Magistrates (ADM) of the concerned districts are the chairpersons of the border management committees.
Mr. Dev, who was also present in the meeting said, the ADM of South Tripura district, R K Noatia, ADM of Feni district, Muhammad Mahububul Haque, Director of TIDC, Prabin Agarwal and Deputy High Commissioner of Indian embassy in Dhaka, Somnath Halder were present in the Thursday’s meeting.
He said, the border haat in Srinagar and the roads on Indian side were constructed by India at a cost of Rs 2.4 crore and added commerce Ministers of India and Bangladesh were invited to remain present on the day of inauguration.
“The exact date of inauguration would be announced after getting consent of the commerce ministers of the two countries,” he added.
Business in the market (haat) would take place once a week among the people living within 5 km radius of the border who would sell and buy locally produced goods and crops.
No local taxes would be imposed on the items to be sold in the haats and currencies of both the countries would prevail.
Initially 16 items were short listed which include agricultural and horticultural crops, spices, minor forest products excluding timber, fish and dry fish, dairy and poultry products, cottage industry items, wooden furniture, handloom and handicraft items etc.

Delhi Police arrest suspected IM operative in UPDelhi Police arrest suspected IM operative in UP
Karn Pratap Singh , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 06, 2014
First Published: 12:20 IST(6/9/2014) | Last Updated: 19:27 IST(6/9/2014)
Comments
A suspected Indian Mujahideen (IM) operative reportedly involved in the 2010 Jama Masjid attack was arrested by the Special Cell of Delhi Police in Saharanpur, western Uttar Pradesh, on Friday night.
The arrest of Ajaz Sheikh, 27, could be another major setback to the IM, as intelligence agencies have successfully tracked down and arrested some if its key operatives in the last two years. 
Sheikh, 27, a native of Pune (Maharashtra), was wanted in connection with several terror strikes in India.
 
"We arrested him from Saharanpur on Friday night. He will be taken to Delhi for interrogation," said special commissioner (Special Cell) SN Shrivastava.
Shrivastava told HT that Sheikh had been hiding in Saharanpur for the past few days.
The arrest is expected to boost the morale of Indian security agencies that are on high alert following al Qaeda's announcement of launching a special wing in the subcontinent.
Sheikh is considered a "technical expert" and a key member of the IM. He had been absconding since long and was arrested following a tip-off.
A senior officer said Sheikh was the one who had sent emails to some media organisations after the 2010 Jama Masjid attack in Delhi, claiming responsibility.
On September 19, 2010, two tourists from Taiwan were injured when two bike-borne men opened fire at a tourist bus near Gate No. 3 of the mosque.
About two and a half hours later, a pressure cooker bomb planted in a car abandoned close to the firing spot exploded. The incident had come a few days ahead of the Commonwealth Games in the Capital.
Earlier, in another successful operation in March this year, Tehseen Akhtar, alias Monu, the India operations chief of the IM, was arrested from Indo-Nepal border by the Special Cell.
His arrest had come days after the same unit of Delhi Police had nabbed another top IM operative, Zia Ur Rehman, alias Waqas, from Ajmer in Rajasthan along with three of his associates.
One of the most wanted terrorist of the country, Ahmad Siddhibappa Zarar, alias Yasin Bhatkal, and his key associate Asadullah Akhtar, alias Haddi, were arrested from Indo-Nepal border last year.
(With PTI inputs)

Telangana CM KCR meets PM Modi; discusses controversial household survey issueThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Death toll mounts to 107 in J-K floodsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

President congratulates Sania for winning US Open Mixed DoublesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Train services to Katra cancelled due to floodPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 7:26 pm
Northern Railway on Saturday cancelled train services to Katra due to heavy floods and breaches on tracks between Jammu and Katra section.
Besides the gushing of flood waters, heavy boulders had fallen on tracks at certain places in the Jammu-Udhampur-Mata Vaishno Devi Katra rail section, a senior Northern Railway official said.
As a result, train services to Katra have been cancelled, he said.
Five train services – three between New Delhi and Katra and one each bewtween Jammu and Udhampur, and Anand Vihar and Uddhampur – have been cancelled.
Train services between Pathankot and Katra, Katra and Jammu slated for towmorrow have also been cancelled.

Alibaba s IPO Nears  Plans to raise around $24 billionThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Dear shushant  just click on the name of the nick posting messages and...Gold Member
399 Followers
Dear shushant, Just click on the name of the nick posting messages and see if they had visited Unitech, JP Associates, Marksans Pharma, Reliance and even RKDL...Then make sure that the nick is the dummy id of same person coming to mis-guide the investors by creating panic so that you all sell and he purchases. Watch out. Inform your friends too.
In reply to : sushant2738 message
8.31 PM Sep 6th

Marketwatcher sir!!! your analysis are rocking sir!!! go ahead.Platinum Member
311 Followers
Waite for the level to come n apply ur strategy vth stop loss...never enter at random prices n Waite for jackpot, its just discipline n strategy preplanned that give money...nifty or other stocks keep on testing levels ..play near one level for other level for bearish or bullish vth stop loss ...if wrong n hit SL no prob..our judgement for that day is wrong...but v vl keep learning ..n trying...it vl satisfy us than playing in confusion..

Yes  sir (baba123). this calculation just indicates valuation of land ...New Member
2 Followers
Yes, Sir (baba123). This calculation just indicates valuation of land in Varansi. Company has land bank in Bihar as well as Africa. Also the company is very aggressive in product diversification as well as enhancing their reach throughout the India.
15-16 levels are good to add on; but for long term investors buy on dip should be the formula that I would propose. Still this stock has not gained the momentum and also fell in the eyes of operators, hence is stable. Once caught by the market a very very very strong bull run is expected in this counter. All the Best to all!!! Happy investing.
8.31 PM Sep 6th  | Track

All boarders are fooling too new investors   shorters wants price will...Platinum Member
305 Followers
Does not matter what short sellers want or what bull want.The fact that it is at rs.89 where as the nifty is at life time high.The all time high for Jain Irrigation was rs.1322(rs.10 paid up) on 9th August 2010 or rs.264.40 if you consider the split.It is 66% below its all time high of 264.4 and all credit must be given to the management for the current state of affairs.
In reply to : rajanmarvel message
4.58 PM Sep 7th

Telecom Regulator Suggests No Extra Entry Fee for Full Number Portability ServiceYou are here: Home Industries
Telecom Regulator Suggests No Extra Entry Fee for Full Number Portability Service
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 05, 2014 23:14 (IST)
With Kick, Salman Khan Knocks Down More Box-Office Records
New Delhi: The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) has suggested that full mobile number portability (MNP) service should attract no additional entry fee and bank guarantee from operators.
The Department of Telecom (DoT) had sought the telecom regulator's opinion on issues like additional entry  fee, bank guarantees and clarification on number of players to be involved in the roll out full MNP service in the country.
With regards to entry fee, TRAI said whatever it had suggested in its earlier recommendations should be taken for record, sources said.
TRAI had submitted its recommendations on full mobile number portability on September 25, 2013.
The government in June this year granted in-principle approval to full MNP that allows customers to retain numbers even after switching operator or location.
The Telecom Commission will now consider the recent clarifications from the sectoral regulator and will take a final decision on the matter.
There are two MNP operators in India: Syniverse and MNP Interconnection Telecom Solutions India, which is a joint venture between US-based Telcordia Technologies and Indian enterprise DTC.
The government is trying to achieve full MNP by March 2015.
At present, subscribers are allowed to change their service providers while retaining same number within a circle only.
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 22:07 (IST)

Andhra capital plan: 3 mega cities  14 smart citiesFirst choice A view of Vijayawada, which has been chosen as Andhra Pradesh’s new capital (file photo).
Chandrababu Naidu seeks Central funding; plans land pooling to obtain real estate
Hyderabad, September 4:  
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu on Thursday announced that the State’s new capital will be located around Vijayawada.
Addressing the State Legislative Assembly, Naidu said the decision to locate the capital in the central region of the residuary State was taken after a prolonged consultative process and was approved by the State Cabinet on September 1.
While setting up a new capital in Vijayawada, he said the State has decided to go in for a decentralised development with three mega cities and 14 smart cities.
To acquire land to develop the capital, AP will adopt a land pooling system to be worked out by a Cabinet subcommittee.
The Chief Minister’s announcement was made after adjournments in the House, where the Opposition YSR Congress Party insisted on a debate on the capital before it was announced.
Popular sentiment
Naidu said the decision of the Cabinet is a reflection of popular sentiment, and is affirmed by views expressed in the representations received by the Sivaramakrishnan Committee.
Nearly 50 per cent of the representations received by the committee favoured the Vijayawada-Guntur region as the best location for the capital.
The House later passed eight resolutions included seeking Central Government support in developing the capital.
The State wants the Central Government to provide the necessary financial assistance to develop the capital and accord the State special status as assured during the passage of the State Reorganisation Bill.
Despite daunting challenges, Naidu said, “I would like to convert the crisis into an opportunity and already several steps have been initiated to signal the commitment to a balanced regional development of the entire State.”
He said the Act has done great injustice and deprived the State of a level playing field.
The bifurcation was effected in a hurry and without proper consultation of all the stakeholders.
Assets and liabilities were distributed between the two States to the great disadvantage of Andhra Pradesh, he said.
Mission-based approach
The State will cross all hurdles by adopting a mission-based approach to development, wherein various sectors would be prioritised, he added.
These will be backed by setting up five grids on water, power, gas, road and fibre-optic broadband connectivity.
He said the centrepiece of the industrial development involves developing the Nellore-Visakhapatnam belt as a part of the Vizag-Chennai Industrial Corridor and the Chittoor-Anantapur belt as part of the Chennai-Bangalore Industrial Corridor.
The development of roads, air connectivity and ports and strengthening the infrastructure would ensure that the State has holistic development, the CM added.
(This article was published on September 4, 2014)

Deepak Fertilisers Forms JV in Australia to Provide Mining ServicesYou are here: Home Corporates
Deepak Fertilisers Forms JV in Australia to Provide Mining Services
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 06, 2014 13:23 (IST)
Jack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
New Delhi: Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals has set up a joint venture firm in Australia with local partners to provide mining services and will invest about Rs 160 crore over the next two years.
Deepak Fertilisers arm Smartchem Technologies Ltd (STL), which manufactures mining chemicals, announced on Friday the launch of its overseas venture for mining services in Brisbane, Australia as a part of its forward integration initiative.
"STL has set up Platinum Blasting Services Pty Ltd (Platinum), a joint venture with local Australian partners, who have vast experience in providing value added blasting services and operation expertise to the mining and explosives industries in Australia," Deepak Fertilisers said.
STL will hold a 65 per cent while the local partners will hold 35 per cent in the joint venture, it said in a statement.
"Over the next two years, Platinum intends to make an investment of around AUD 28 million, through a mix of debt and equity," the statement said.
The company plans to develop a full service offering including: technical ammonium nitrate (TAN) supplies, storage and logistics, manufacturing of emulsion, blast design and technical support and down-the-hole services.
Australia, which is an about 2 million tonnes per annum of expanding TAN market, will offer immense growth potential to the JV firm Platinum.
"With over three and a half decades experience and as globally 5th largest manufacturer of TAN, reaching out to matured global market, especially Australia is a natural and logical forward integration strategy."
"Apart from supplying TAN to this growing market, we intend to create an expertise in providing value added services and be an integral part of the Australian mining industry," Deepak Fertilisers CMD Sailesh Mehta said.
Story first published on: September 06, 2014 11:01 (IST)

Gold Extends Losses for Seventh Straight DayYou are here: Home Industries
Gold Extends Losses for Seventh Day; Down Rs 20 on Sustained Selling
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 06, 2014 15:00 (IST)
With Kick, Salman Khan Knocks Down More Box-Office Records
New Delhi: Extending losses for a seventh straight session on Saturday, gold shed another Rs 20 to close at Rs 27,750 per 10 grams in the national capital on sustained selling by stockists against easing demand from jewellers and retailers, even as the metal recovered in global markets.
However, silver recovered by Rs 75 to Rs 42,075 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units.
Sustained stockists selling against falling demand from jewellers and retailers mainly kept pressure on gold prices but a better trend in the global markets capped the losses, traders said.
Globally, gold rose 0.1 per cent to close at $1,267.30 an ounce and silver 0.1 per cent to $19.15 an ounce in New York last night.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity declined further by Rs 20 each to Rs 27,750 and Rs 27,550 per 10 grams, respectively. It had lost Rs 530 in the previous six sessions.
Sovereigns, however, found some buying from retailers and rose by Rs 50 to Rs 24,550 per piece of 8 grams.
On the other hand, silver ready recovered by Rs 75 to Rs 42,075 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 425 to Rs 42,075 per kg on speculators buying. The white metal had lost Rs 800 in last four days.
Meanwhile, silver coins maintained a steady trend at Rs 73,000 for buying and Rs 74,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Story first published on: September 06, 2014 14:58 (IST)

The link between ‘Architecture in Helsinki’ and the Silver LineBy Lori Aratani September 5 Follow @loriara
What does “Architecture in Helsinki” have to do with the Silver Line?
Turns out the Australian indie pop band’s song “Escapee” provided the soundtrack for the Silver Line ad campaign , which featured folks dancing their way to a Silver Line train (just as we all do).
Here’s the original video for the song that was released in 2011.
And just for comparison here’s the Metro version.
Lori Aratani writes about how people live, work and play in the D.C. region for The Post’s Transportation and Development team.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=local, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409946740/1409946740000/1409946740 tracking: {authors=Lori Aratani, blog_name=dr-gridlock, content_category=Local, in_url_headline=what-does-architecture-in-helsinki-have-to-do-with-the-silver-line, post_id=29609, section={section=local, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 7:52:20 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 7:52:20 PM

Rajya Sabha MP drags Mamata Banerjee to Saradha scamRajya Sabha MP drags Mamata to Saradha scam
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Kolkata, September 06, 2014
First Published: 18:33 IST(6/9/2014) | Last Updated: 20:38 IST(6/9/2014)
The Saradha scam reached the doorsteps of chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Saturday with expelled Trinamool Congress leader Kunal Ghosh seeking her interrogation face-to-face with himself and the chairman of the busted chit-fund company.
 
Though the names of several leaders of the ruling party has been linked to the scam – some of them by Ghosh himself – it is the first time Mamata’s name has been mentioned in court.
 
“Sudipta Sen (Saradha chairman), myself and the chief minister should be made to sit face-to-face for interrogation if the larger conspiracy behind the Saradha scam needs to be exposed,” remarked Ghosh in Bankshall court on Saturday afternoon.
 
The Rajya Sabha MP did not have a lawyer and was pleading for himself.
 
Last September, before he was expelled from the party, Ghosh had mentioned the names of the chief minister and party general secretary Mukul Roy in connection with the scam.
 
Ghosh did not stop at mentioning names, but also requested the judge that he should not allow those outside the jails to set their house in order.
 
Over the past few days, CBI has stepped up its investigation into the larger conspiracy surrounding the multi-billion-rupee scam.
 
Ghosh, 47, used to head the media business of Sudipta Sen that included a clutch of Bengali and English dailies, TV channels, Bengali magazines and even an Urdu daily.
 
He was arrested on November 23 last year.
 
While state Congress president Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury welcomed the proposal, Trinamool secretary general Partha Chatterjee attacked Ghosh for dragging in Banerjee's name.
 
“Now that he has realised that he may be subjected to punishment by law anytime for his wrongdoings, he is trying to take the CM’s name in a futile attempt to save himself,” said Chatterjee.
(With agency inputs)

SpiceJet Offers Tickets for Rs 599  Rs 1 999Jack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
New Delhi: SpiceJet has launched two new slabs of competitive basic airfare rates, as other Indian carriers extended dates for booking low cost tickets over the past few days.
The low one-way base fare tickets of the no-frill carrier start at Rs 599 for travel between January 16 and October 24 next year. SpiceJet is also offering all-inclusive fares from Rs 1,999 for travel between October 7, 2014 and January 15, 2015. ( Check out the offers from other airlines )
For the Rs 599 offer, taxes and other fees and charges, barring fuel surcharge, would be additional, but the Rs 1,999 offer is all-inclusive.
Ticket under both schemes can be bought till September 10.
"SpiceJet has been one of the main drivers of demand stimulation and market growth this year... This demand stimulation has been a win-win, with airlines earning more revenues, with travellers getting fantastic deals, and with the travel industry and economy at large getting a boost," SpiceJet CEO Sanjiv Kapoor said.
This move by the no-frill carrier, which has been making such offers since January, comes in the wake of several foreign and Indian carriers vying with each other to attract Indian flyers by offering discounted tickets.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 12:08 (IST)

Haldia Petro Shutdown Paves Way for Other Players Firms to Tap East MarketYou are here: Home Corporates
Haldia Petrochemicals Shutdown Paves Way for Other Petro Firms to Tap East
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 06, 2014 20:38 (IST)
Jack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
Kolkata: The shutdown of Haldia Petrochemicals Ltd (HPL) has paved the way for other giants in the sector to tap polymer market in the eastern region held by the region's petro major.
"We are unable to tap the eastern market though HPL plant is dry. Our plant is likely to commence operations next year. We are creating awareness about products in this part of the country," ONGC Petro Additions Ltd (OPaL) head polymer M Sanath Kumar said in Kolkata on Saturday.
According to industry estimates, HPL had a market share of 12 per cent in the polymer industry of the country with strong presence in the eastern region. The plant is closed since July.
Indian Oil senior manager Sumit Basu said the company was expanding its capacity in petrochemicals at Paradeep to tap the growing demand. Mr Basu was speaking at the Polycon India 2014.
GAIL GM (petrochemical marketing) Shivaji Basu said capacity of its plants is being expanded, including a green field petrochemicals project in the North East.
These new capacity in the East is expected to take off pressure from HPL and will help downstream industries to depend less on a Haldia-based plant.
Indian Plastics Federation had complained of raw material issues after the HPL shutdown for downstream industries of Bengal.
On Saturday IPF officials requested the petrochemicals majors that participated at the event to allocate more quantities for eastern region at least on spot price basis till the HPL plant reopened.
Story first published on: September 06, 2014 16:50 (IST)

Assam girls found hanging were not raped: Post-mortem reportPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 6, 2014 7:49 pm | Updated: September 7, 2014 12:37 am
Two days after bodies of two schoolgirls were found hanging from a tree in a village in Karimganj district bordering Bangladesh, the post-mortem examination report has ruled out rape and confirmed that the duo had committed suicide.
“The post-mortem examination report that has come late Saturday afternoon has clearly said that the girls had died of asphyxia as a result of suicidal hanging. The report provided by the Silchar Medical College hospital has also clearly stated that there was no evidence or sign of any sexual assault or intercourse,” Karimganj deputy commissioner Sanjib Gohain Baruah told The Indian Express over the telephone.
Tension prevailed in Kabaldubri village, under Nilambazar police station, after villagers found bodies of two girls hanging from the same tree. Initial local reports hinted at suspicion that the two were raped and murdered, with a section of the media even comparing it with the Badaun ‘rape’ and murder of Uttar Pradesh.
Police said the girls had gone missing after school on Thursday. While one girl was in Class VIII, the other was in Class IX. The families of the two girls however have not filed any FIR with the police till Saturday evening.
Kabaldubri is located right on the Indo-Bangladesh border with most of the 100-odd families belonging to a minority community are poor farmers either with small land-holdings or share-croppers.

Zaheer Khan  Wasim Jaffer in Mumbai’s list of probables for Ranji TrophyPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 6, 2014 7:37 pm
Speedster Zaheer Khan, who has not played a single game since getting injured in the last IPL season, and veteran batsman Wasim Jaffer, have been included in the 28-member strong Mumbai probables for the upcoming season in four-day as well as one day formats of the game.
The probables are: Wasim Jaffer, Rohit Sharma, Zaheer Khan, Ajinkya Rahane, Abhishek Nayar, Suryakumar Yadav, Hiken Shah, Dhawal Kulkarni, Avishkar Salvi, Akhil Herwadkar, Sushant Marathe, Bravish Shetty, Siddhesh Lad, Sarfaraz Khan, Aditya Tare, Wilkin Mota, Vinit Indulkar, Vishal Dabholkar, Iqbal Abdullah, Kevin D’Almeida, Shardul Thakur, Javed Khan, Saurabh Netrawalkar, Sufiyan Shaikh, Kshemal Waingankar, Praful Waghela, Shreyas Iyer, Badre Alam.

Depends on Lt Governor whom he invites to form Delhi government  says Rajnath SinghWatch: Former MP Saifuddin Soz heckled by flood victims in Srinagar
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Online  ischooledx  launched to help students in traditional schoolingUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Kochi: Aiming to help students do well in studies and hone their innovative skills, a free online school 'ischooledx' has been launched that will provide a platform for students to overcome shortcomings of their traditional schooling.
In today's world of cut-throat competition, sometimes nurturing creative and innovative talent of students in school becomes difficult. Ischooledx has been launched with an endeavour to bridge this gap, ischooledx Chief Executive Officer Jose Paul told reporters.
Students following ICSE, CBSE and state Boards will be benefited, he said.
Free online school 'ischooledx' has been launched that will provide a platform for traditional schooling.
Voice over tutor facility, worksheet assessment, iclassroom, knowledge zone are among the facilities available at ischooledx.
Paul said, "We provide a diligent team of experts to help students and give an opportunity for each student to realise his or her efficiencies and abilities in science, technology and innovative concepts and help the students to break the shell and reach out sky with flying colours."
G-form is the promoter and management of ischooledx, based on the long period of research in nurturing students talent, different types of teaching methodologies effects of teacher student ratio, difference in standards of learning, g-form developed this platform, he said.

50 000 motivators needed to translate Modi dream of toilet in every house: SulabhJ&K floods: Army's mobile charging units help locals connect with their families 7 hours 21 minutes ago
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

J&K: Train services to Katra cancelled due to floodJ&K floods: Army's mobile charging units help locals connect with their families 7 hours 12 minutes ago
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Mysterious Virus Infecting Children
Indian banks in UK face closure under tougher rulesIndian bank branches in UK face closure
Prasun Sonwalkar , Hindustan Times  London, September 06, 2014
First Published: 19:37 IST(6/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:40 IST(7/9/2014)
Comments
The Bank of England on Friday issued tougher rules that could lead to the closure of several bank branches including some headquartered in India.
Banks need to follow the new regime designed to reduce the impact of the potential failure of their parent banks in India and other non-EU countries on the UK.
The Prudential Regulatory Authority (PRA) of the Bank of England had issued a consultation paper outlining the new rules in February. The consultation ended in May and the new rules came into force from Friday.
The rules affect ‘branches’ of international banks and not ‘subsidiaries’. According to the Bank of England, there are 145 branches of international banks operating in Britain, accounting for 31 per cent (2.4 trillion pounds) of the total assets of the banking system.
The five Indian banks who operate ‘branches’ in the UK and cater mainly to the large Indian diaspora are Bank of Baroda, Bank of India, Export-Import Bank of India, Syndicate Bank and State Bank of India. Together, they hold millions of pounds in deposits.
The four Indian banks who operate as ‘subsidiaries’ are Union Bank of India, Punjab National Bank, ICICI and Axis Bank.
In order to continue functioning in the UK, Indian banks with branches will have to go through a lengthy overhaul of their legal structures into subsidiaries or deliver what is called “a very high level of assurance” from the bank regulator in India.
For branches from outside the EU, the Bank of England said that the new regime focuses on three main factors: Whether the home state supervision of the firm is equivalent to that of the PRA; the branch’s UK activities such as whether they will undertake wholesale or retail banking activities; whether the PRA has assurance from the home supervisor over the firm’s resolution plan in a way that reduces the impact on financial stability in the UK.
It said: “Where the PRA is satisfied of these factors, it will also need to have a clear and agreed split of prudential supervisory responsibilities with the home state supervisor. Where the PRA is not content, it will consider the most appropriate course of action, which could include refusing authorisation of a new branch or cancelling an authorisation of an existing branch”.

SBI Launches Savings Accounts for ChildrenYou are here: Home Corporates
SBI Launches Savings Accounts for Children
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 06, 2014 14:14 (IST)
Jack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
New Delhi: State Bank of India (SBI) on Friday introduced personalised savings accounts for those below 18 years of age.
India's largest lender introduced two products - 'Pehli Udaan' and 'Pehla Kadam' - three months after the Reserve Bank (RBI) issued guidelines allowing minors over 10 years to operate bank savings accounts independently and use facilities such as ATMs and cheque books.
"'Pehli Udaan' is a singly operated savings bank account for a minor aged 10 years and above and who can sign uniformly, while 'Pehla Kadam; is a savings bank account for minor of any age operated jointly with his/her parent or guardian," SBI said in a statement.
Specially branded passbook and cheque book have been designed for these products. All the account holders will be given an exclusively designed personalised photo ATM-cum-Debit card, it said.
Other features include internet banking with limited transaction facilities like bill payment, opening of fixed deposit, recurring deposits, etc. with per day transaction limit of Rs 5,000, it said.
Besides, such account holders can facility of mobile banking with limited transaction facilities like bill payment, top-ups with per day transaction limit of Rs 2,000.
Auto sweep with a minimum threshold of Rs 20,000 and in multiple of Rs 1,000 with a minimum of Rs 10,000, it said.
While launching these products, SBI Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya emphasised the importance of cultivating savings habits from childhood, managing and spending money wisely and also stressed upon the importance of inculcating good spending habits early in life.
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 23:09 (IST)

When Mumbai s first seaplane took its maiden flightMEHAIR's first commercial flight of the seaplane service takes off from Mumbai to Pawava Dam (Lonavala) in the presence of Siddharth Verma, Co-founder and Director, MEHAIR, and Jagdish Patil, Managing Director, Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation.
PHOTO: Rachit Goswami

Reserve Bank to Hold Rates on September 30: BofA-MLModi-Abe 'Bhai Bhai', but Japan Inc Wants Some Things Fixed
New Delhi: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to hold the key interest rate in its policy review meeting later this month and is expected to lower it from February, Bank of America Merrill Lynch has said in a report.
According to the global financial services major, the Consumer Price Index-based inflation is peaking off and is expected to be around 7.5-8 per cent in September.
"We expect the RBI to begin to cut rates starting February with stable oil prices and rupee providing comfort that CPI inflation will come off to 6 per cent by early 2016," BofA-ML said in a research note.
The Wholesale Price Index-based inflation fell to a 5-month low of 5.19 per cent in July on account of decline in vegetable prices, while the CPI-based retail rose marginally to 7.96 per cent in July, from 7.46 per cent in June.
The BofA-ML report further noted that late rains should water a good winter rabi crop to douse agri-inflation. Moreover rising investment is beginning to step up agriculture, especially horticulture production.
Secondly, 'imported' inflation is expected to abate with the Federal Reserve's tapering holding global commodity prices in check and stabilisation of the rupee.
Indian diesel prices will get benchmarked to global prices by June and finally, weak aggregate demand will likely check pricing power.
The report also said that GDP growth rate was bottoming out. It is, however, expected to return to 7.5 per cent not before 2018.
Soon after taking the reins of the RBI in September last year, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan surprised the industry by hiking the short-term policy rate by 0.25 per cent to keep inflation under check.
The repo rate, or the short-term lending rate, was increased to 7.5 per cent from 7.25 per cent.
Subsequently, the apex bank raised repo rate by another 0.5 per cent to keep inflation under check. However, it has kept interest rate unchanged since April this year.
In the recent monetary policy review, the RBI kept policy rate static at 8 per cent citing upside risks to inflation in view of uncertain monsoon and its impact on food production as also volatile international oil prices.
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 16:19 (IST)

Ask Matt: Is it late to buy El Pollo LocoEMAIL
AP
Corrections and clarifications: The original version of this story misstated El Pollo Loco’s second-quarter revenue.
Q: Is it too late to buy El Pollo Loco stock?
A: You’d be crazy to pile into El Pollo Loco (LOCO) stock now, at least according to analysts who closely follow the stock.
Shares of El Pollo Loco, a grilled chicken restaurant chain with more than 400 locations, have sizzled this year. Shares of the company were offered at $15 a share back in July. El Pollo Loco’s IPO soared 60% on the first day of trading and shares are up 132% since then. Investors were also encouraged by the company’s first earnings report as a publicly traded company, Thursday. The company reported adjusted earnings per share of 16 cents a share, missing expectations by 6%. But investors focused on the fact adjusted earnings rose 10%. And quarterly revenue of $86 million topped expectations. Investors pushed the shares even higher on the news, adding 5% in afterhours trading Thursday.
But the problem is the stock already reflects the company’s growth. The average Wall Street analyst rating on the stock, is a “hold,” which on Wall Street really means sell. And the three analysts covering the stock have an average 18-month price target on the stock of $30. That’s a problem since the stock closed above the target at $34.79 a share. The company will need to blow away estimates to grow into the current valuation.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

Capital raised  Indian rupee  BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty  Exchange rates  Gold price  more on September 05  2014Capital raised, Indian rupee, BSE Sensex, NSE Nifty, Exchange rates, Gold price, more on September 05, 2014
Fri Sep 05 2014, 20:23 hrs
Capital raised by listed companies from the primary market through QIPs (in Rs Crores). Graph: PTI
Indian rupee through the day against US dollar. The rupee today fell back by three paise to end at 60.39 against the US dollar but managed to log its fifth straight weekly rise on account of recent gains. Graph: PTI
Indian rupee vs US dollar. The rupee commenced lower at 60.44 a dollar from previous close of 60.36 at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market. It was then trapped in a limited range of 60.3775 and 60.5175 before finishing at 60.39 -- a small loss of three paise or 0.05 per cent. Graph: PTI
Exchange rates relating to importing and exporting goods (w.e.f Sept 5, 2014). Graph: PTI
BSE Sensex Intraday Movement. Markets today gave up initial gains with Sensex falling about 59 points to end at 27,026.70 and Nifty dipping over 9 points to close at 8,086.85 on profit selling in financial and auto stocks, amid weak global cues. Graph: PTI
BSE Sensex: Top Gainers, Top Losers. Losses were seen mainly in counters including HDFC, ICICI Bank, Tata Motors, Hero MotoCorp, Bharti Airtel, Coal India, BHEL and Tata Power, which weighed on the market. Graph: PTI
BSE Sensex and NSE Nifty throughout the day. Although Sensex ended in the negative zone, total market breadth was positive on the back of rally in second-line stocks on buying by retail investors. The S&P BSE Small-cap and Mid-cap indices outperformed the Sensex. They closed up by 1.25 per cent and 0.56 per cent respectively. Graph: PTI
Gold and silver prices. Gold remained under selling pressure and fell to nearly three-months low at the domestic bullion market here today on sustained unwinding by stockists and traders spooked by sharp fall overseas. Graph: PTI
Reader´s Comments

New whine from old auntsT C A Srinivasa-Raghavan |  Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 09:58 PM IST
T C A Srinivasa-Raghavan: New whine from old aunts
Narendra Modi is being accused of wrong things. His main problem is his view of himself
Show me the man and I will show you the rule is an old game in the bureaucracy. It has its origins in Hammurabi's code and the Manusmriti. Both prescribed different punishments for the same crime depending on your wealth (Hammurabi) or caste (Manu).
The self-styled liberals of India - who I now think of as the Old Aunts' Brigade - have been unwittingly following this precept when it comes to the Congress on the one side and the rest of the political parties on the other. Basically, it is okay if the Congress does it - not wholly, of course - but not if J Jayalalithaa, Mamata Banerjee, Mayawati, Narendra Modi, Naveen Patnaik, etc, do it.
For example, all non-Congress leaders are labelled as authoritarian, as if Sonia Gandhi is not. The point doesn't need elaboration. Res ipsa loquitur as it were (the facts speak for themselves).
Even with Sonia Gandhi, for the aunts, as long as she takes their advice (or pretends to) she is decisive. But if she doesn't, or if listens to others (god forbid if it is a rival), she is authoritarian.
You can therefore imagine how much worse it is for J Jayalalithaa, Mamata Banerjee, Mayawati, Narendra Modi, Naveen Patnaik and the rest. The liberals give them no wiggle room at all.
Narendra Modi, in particular, gets about half a millimetre. He is labelled a dictator. That he doesn't give a damn makes it all the worse.
New whine, old aunts
The newest whine from the aunt brigade is that he has centralised everything. But the same thing was said at the time about Jawaharlal Nehru, Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi. The PMO (or PMS, as it was called till Rajiv embarrassedly changed it) was supreme.
But - and here's the point which the aunties miss - that's precisely what the PMO is for: To exercise power, not to abjure it for whatever reason, you know, coalition dharma, 10, Janpath, Nagpur, whatever. In fact, a high degree of centralisation is a necessary (though not a sufficient) condition for effective government.
That's how they do it in other countries - the US, Britain, France, Germany and Japan to name just five democracies with cabinet government. Indeed, that's how we also did it till 1996, when coalitions came along. And now that we have single-party rule once again we have reverted to the old normal.
For those who are inclined towards some genuine analysis, the problem of democratic decision-making has been worked on by a number of very brainy economists and political scientists. Allan Gibbard and Mark Satterthwaite are two of the best known amongst them.
Their theorem says that even in the most democratic of systems, in the end, someone has to impose a decision that will be basically dictatorial. If this is not done, good outcomes can rarely be reached. We saw this during the 10 years of UPA rule.
Indeed, it is because the Reserve Bank of India unconsciously follows this theorem that it has been largely successful with monetary policy. The RBI governor is, for all practical purposes, Hitler, Stalin, Mussolini and Attila the Hun (for the finance ministry) combined.
Anyway, disturbed at the direction in which the analysis was pointing, the 1972 Nobel-winning economist, Kenneth Arrow, formulated a 'non-dictatorship rule'. Under it, social choices cannot, and must not, comprise a single person's preferences.
But then a problem arose: These preferences had to be ranked. Alas, however, the problem remained even after that was done: Someone had to choose between the options and that final choice was always dictatorial as voting was no longer possible.
Thus, the simple point, after you consider dozens of collective decision-making theorems, is that there are no fully democratic outcomes. These theorems, in fact, together constitute a major paradox: All decisions taken according to democratic rules always leave more people unhappy than happy!
There will be always be an Old Aunts' Brigade mumbling in the corner.
Modi's Casabianca problem
This does not mean Mr Modi doesn't have a problem. He does. And the problem is one that afflicts all good leaders - the near total absence of self-doubt. Nehru, Indira Gandhi, Morarji Desai and Rajiv Gandhi, none of them ever thought, even for a moment, that someone else might know better.
On the other side are the rest. Narasimha Rao and Manmohan Singh, perhaps because they were so highly educated, were filled with self-doubt. Result: dithering on policy.
For Mr Modi, as it did for the others, this means that when he makes a mistake he will persist with it because of the way in which he thinks of himself - as, well, you know, Casabianca, "Yet beautiful and bright he stood/As born to rule the storm/A creature of heroic blood/A proud though childlike form."
More prosaically, he is like the bridegroom in the Tamil saying, of whom the mother-in-law ruefully says, "He has all qualities but two: He doesn't know for himself and he will not listen when he is told."
All we have to do is to wait for a year or so to see whether Mr Modi fits this description.
 Advertisements

A Communist in a  special mouldSunanda K Datta-Ray |  Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 09:57 PM IST
Sunanda K Datta-Ray: A Communist in a 'special mould'
Nripen Chakraborty, the former chief minister of Tripura, was not your average politician. He will always be remembered for his deep commitment to revolutionary politics
If Tripura alone, of the three Indian states that were ruled by Communists, remains faithful to the hammer and sickle, it's largely because of the legacy of the late - and forgotten - Nripen Chakraborty who was chief minister from 1978 to 1988. I was delighted to find his name in Daman Singh's delightful and informative book about her father. Manmohan Singh says that formulating the Seventh Plan brought him into contact with "people like Ramakrishna Hegde, Jyoti Basu and Nripen Chakraborty - they were great men."
Hegde played on the national stage combining integrity, competence and ambition. It was only half in jest that Maneka Gandhi once gushed - this was long before her own Bharatiya Janata Party debut - that everyone would benefit if India had an executive presidency with Hegde as president. I mentioned it to him and he said he already knew. Our last meeting was in Bangalore on August 29, 1986. I have a reason for remembering the date. Hegde had invited me home for breakfast. There were just the two of us, and I recall a sumptuous repast of idli, dosas, puris, upma, sambhar, rasam, vegetables and various kinds of chutney. Then, when I was bursting, my host asked how I wanted my eggs. If I hadn't hastily declined, that breakfast would have turned into the kind of mammoth dinners Nurul Hasan served in Kolkata's Raj Bhavan as governor.
The telephone shrilled all through breakfast. I assumed at first they were the usual calls all politicians get, then noticed they were exceedingly brief, with Hegde generally only thanking the caller. It wasn't until the flowers started arriving that the penny dropped. It was the Karnataka chief minister's birthday, the 60th in fact.
Manmohan Singh's admiration for Jyoti Basu was no secret to me for he compared Basu once to the Conservative politician, R A Butler, who was said to be the best prime minister Britain never had. When I pointed to the stagnation in West Bengal, Manmohan Singh blamed the Communist Party of India (Marxist) or CPI(M) which, he said, wouldn't allow Basu a free hand. I wonder if he was right. T V Rajeshwar, who was governor of West Bengal from 1989 to 1990, certainly didn't take an indulgent view of the chief minister. He found Basu evasive when it came to reading files and making notations, much preferring a convivial chat of an evening in Raj Bhavan.
Their main falling out was over the governor's allegation that the Marxists and their coalition partners deliberately imported illegal migrants from Bangladesh to inflate their vote bank. At my invitation, after leaving West Bengal, Rajeshwar wrote a couple of articles on the subject in the paper I then edited. They were well-researched and well-documented and supported by statistical information. Basu was furious.
Nripen Chakraborty, who was born in East Bengal in 1905 and died in 2004 after being deeply committed to revolutionary politics for six decades, was a very different animal. My nonagenarian friend Jolly Mohan Kaul, for whom Communism was the god that failed, says Communists like Chakraborty "were men of a special mould." Chakraborty joined the CPI in 1934. The leadership sent him to Tripura in 1950 and that became his life's mission. After the 1964 split, he joined the CPI(M) and was elected to the central committee in 1972 and politburo in 1984 without ever seeking the attention showered on a Prakash or Brinda Karat. If Tripura's current chief minister, Manik Sarkar, is the "cleanest and the poorest chief minister in the country" that is a tribute to the high standard of incorruptibility Chakraborty set.
Like many politicians, Chakraborty tried his hand at journalism. He was a sub-editor on the Anandabazar Patrika in 1939-41, co-editor of the CPI organ in Bengali Swadhinata, and later a regular columnist in the daily Desher Katha, the CPI(M) mouthpiece in Tripura. Local readers were familiar with the pen-name Arup Roy, he used till 1995 when the CPI(M) expelled him for anti-party activities. They were interpreted to mean criticism of Basu's son's business ventures. The politburo readmitted him in 2004 but he was ill and unconscious, and died the next day.
Chakraborty's fate recalls Jolly's comment, probably in his memoirs, In Search of a Better World, that when he joined the party, its constituency was the poor. "Now, it seems that they have changed that and are chasing after GDP. The two things are contradictory." Since the frugal Chakraborty probably shared that view, he would have seriously disagreed with Manmohan Singh. That didn't prevent the former prime minister from acknowledging his greatness.
 Advertisements

Orakpo questionable for SundayComments
Washington’s Brian Orakpo celebrates a sack on Rams quarterback Sam Bradford. (John McDonnell/Post)
Linebacker Brian Orakpo practiced fully on Friday, but will be listed as questionable for the Redskins’ season opener at Houston.
Orakpo has nursed a sprained right ankle since Week 3 of the preseason. He practiced in a limited capacity both Wednesday and Thursday, but said that he expects to play Sunday in what will represent his first game in his hometown since 2005 – his freshman year of college.
Tight end Jordan Reed is listed as questionable with a thumb injury, but practiced fully and said he expects to play.
Meanwhile, backup cornerback Tracy Porter (hamstring) and inside linebacker Akeem Jordan (knee) also remain sidelined. They have both been ruled out for Sunday’s game.
Jordan sprained his MCL in the final preseason game and has not practiced since.
Porter was back at Redskins Park on Friday and working on a side field with trainers after receiving an excused absence both Wednesday and Thursday to get tests run on his hamstring. The findings revealed nothing more than a strain, however.
The seventh-year pro has battled hamstring issues off and on since the start of training camp. He missed the first and third preseason games. He played in the preseason finale at Tampa Bay, but then re-injured his hamstring in last Saturday’s practice and hasn’t been on the field since. Porter said that he does observe some improvements in his hamstring.
“Things are looking good, and they’re looking on the positive side, just taking it day-by-day,” Porter said.
Signed by Washington in the spring to serve as their third cornerback, Porter has battled injury often during his career, playing a 16-game season only once (last year). He missed this year’s offseason practices while rehabbing from shoulder surgery.
Porter said he is trying to remain positive despite is ongoing durability issues.
“This is the game of football. Little injuries are going to happen,” he said. “Durability, the question of that. Everybody has to put a label on somebody, if they want to put it on me, they can do it. It happens. It’s football. It’s a physical sport. It’s just something I have to overcome. It’s a minor injury, it’s nothing major. I know what I am able to do once I can get back out there.”
 

Naidu asks feasibility report for Vizag-Chennai bullet trainNaidu asks feasibility report for Vizag-Chennai bullet train
V. Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept. 4:  
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu has asked a visiting Chinese railway delegation to prepare a feasibility report for bullet train between Visakhapatnam and Chennai.
A delegation consisting of Chinese railway group Zhou Fang Yuan and Serge Devieux, Director, South Asia, International Finance Corporation of World Bank Group called on the Chief Minister at his office here on Thursday.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister has proposed the delegation to study the possibility of bullet train from Visakhapatnam to Chennai and has asked them to prepare a feasibility report within two months.
The delegation gave an assurance that they would study the options and begin making the report from next month. The Chief Minister also proposed a freight corridor linking the ports in the State.
According to a statement from the Chief Minister’s Office, State Principal Secretary, Industry and Investments, JSV Parasad, Advisor (communications) Parakala Prabhakar were present during the meeting.
(This article was published on September 4, 2014)

PNB to raise Rs 1 500 cr via Basel-III bondsAbhijit Lele |  Mumbai Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 12:32 AM IST
PNB to raise Rs 1,500 cr via Basel-III bonds
For the bank, cost of capital raised through Basel III instruments is expected to be lower
Public sector lender Punjab National Bank (PNB) plans to raise up to Rs 1,500 crore through Basel-III-compliant Tier-II bonds to shore up its capital adequacy ratio, a senior executive with the Delhi-based bank said. He, however, added that the plans are yet to be firmed up.
The cost of capital raised through Basel-III instruments would be lower because early this week, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had eased the rules for these instruments, the PNB executive cited above said.
PNB’s capital adequacy at end-June 2014 was 11.52 per cent, out of which Tier-I was 8.82 per cent. Within Tier-I, common equity was 8.5 per cent and additional Tier-I was 0.31 per cent. The Tier-II capital base was 2.70 per cent.
The bank will ensure that the quantum in Tier-II is always be less than Tier-I, the PNB official added.
Rating agency CRISIL has assigned ‘AAA/Stable’ rating to PNB’s proposed Tier-II bond issue (under Basel-III). These instruments carry a feature - point of non-viability trigger.
The triggering of this provision might result in loss of principal to the investor. Hence, it could lead to default on the instrument by the issuer.
According to Basel-III norms, the PONV trigger will be determined by RBI. The chances of PONV trigger is a remote possibility in the Indian context owing to the robust regulatory and supervisory framework and the systemic importance of the banking sector, CRISIL said.
CRISIL added that the inherent risk associated with the PONV feature is adequately factored into the rating on the instrument of PNB.
PNB has comfortable capitalisation. The bank has large net worth of Rs 35,900 crore as on June 30, 2014 - up from Rs 34,500 crore as on March 31, 2014. The bank has received equity capital infusion of Rs 4,180 crore from Government of India and Life Insurance Corporation of India over the past four years. This includes Rs 500 crore received in 2013-14.
The Indian government’s stake in PNB - 58.9 per cent as of June 30, 2014 - provides it with some flexibility to raise equity capital over the medium term.
 Advertisements

U.S. Forming  Core Coalition  To Battle ISIS In IraqU.S. Forming 'Core Coalition' To Battle Islamic State Militants In Iraq
Reuters
Updated:
09/05/2014  9:59 pm EDT
U.S. President Barack Obama, center, stands with NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen, left, and British Prime Minister David Cameron at the NATO summit in Wales. While the official agenda will focus on the crisis in Ukraine and the drawdown of the NATO combat mission in Afghanistan, the rise of the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria will dominate discussions on the sidelines of the summit. (AP Photo/Jon Super) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
(Recasts with Obama, Hollande, Cameron)
By Steve Holland and Phil Stewart
NEWPORT, Wales, Sept 5 (Reuters) - President Barack Obama  said key NATO allies stood ready to join the United States in  military action to defeat Islamic State militants in Iraq as he  vowed to 'take out' the leaders of a movement he said was a  major threat to the West.
Obama said the Washington would hunt down and dismantle the  organization, which has seized swathes of Iraq and Syria, in the  same way it had tackled al Qaeda since the Sept. 11 attacks on  the United States and was doing to al-Shabaab in Somalia.
"Key NATO allies stand ready to confront this terrorist  threat through military, intelligence and law enforcement as  well as diplomatic efforts," Obama said after ministers of 10  nations met on the sidelines of a NATO summit in Wales to form  what Washington called a "core coalition".
Ministers from Britain, France, Germany, Canada, Turkey,  Italy, Poland, Denmark and non-NATO Australia attended the talks  with the U.S. secretaries of state and defense, John Kerry and  Chuck Hagel.
"Already allies have joined us in Iraq where we have stopped  ISIL's advances, we have equipped our Iraqi partners and helped  them go on offense," Obama told a news conference.
The United States hoped a new Iraqi government would be  formed next week and was confident it would have a coalition for  the sustained action required to destroy the militants.
French President Francois Hollande confirmed Paris was  willing to join U.S. air strikes if requested by a new Baghdad  government as part of a comprehensive international strategy to  confront IS. He also raised the possibility of hot pursuit  operations in Syria or assisting other rebels fighting IS there.
British Prime Minister David Cameron, who failed to win  parliamentary backing for military action in Syria last year,  was more cautious about participating in armed action, saying:  "We are not at that stage yet."
The British public is deeply wary of foreign military  intervention after London joined Washington in the 2003 invasion  of Iraq based on false information about weapons of mass  destruction. France, which opposed that operation, is more open  to overseas action.
Obama drew criticism last week for saying he had not yet  developed a strategy for confronting the Islamic State in Syria,  which has provoked public outrage in the West with the gruesome  beheading two U.S. journalists.
The United States stressed the need for a comprehensive  approach in the talks on Friday and acknowledged that action  against IS in Iraq would have implications in Syria as well.
"We are going to degrade and ultimately defeat ISIL, the  same way that we have gone after al Qaeda," Obama said in some  of his toughest comments since Washington began air strikes last  month to halt the Islamists' advance in northern Iraq.
"You initially push them back, you systematically degrade  their capabilities, you narrow their scope of action, you slowly  shrink the space, the territory that they may control, you take  out their leadership, and over time they are not able to conduct  the same kinds of terrorist attacks as they once could."
In an attempt to counter the threat of U.S. and European  militants returning from the region to attack the West, NATO  announced plans for allies to share more information on  westerners fighting for the militants.
A man with an English accent was filmed beheading the U.S.  journalists and Britain raised its terrorism alert last week to  its second-highest level over the threat posed by IS, meaning it  assessed a strike was "highly likely".
STRATEGY TIME?
European officials said Cameron and Hollande, the leaders of  Europe's main military powers, told Obama in private meetings  that Washington had to do more than simply conduct air strikes  on IS targets in Iraq and needed an overall strategy.
"It can't be just 'let's go and bomb a few targets and see  what happens'," said one Western defense official familiar with  the talks among allied leaders.
A British official, speaking on condition of anonymity,  said: "There is a growing sense that this is going to take more  than we are doing... but it needs to be a measured, cautious  approach."
Though it was unclear how many nations would ultimately join  Washington in supporting military operations in Iraq, Kerry and  Hagel set out the limits of such action at a hastily arranged  meeting in Newport - no land forces.
"Obviously I think that's a red line for everybody here: no  boots on the ground," Kerry told the meeting. Obama said Kerry  would visit the Middle East to help build a broad-based  coalition to tackle the militants.
British and German ministers warned that it would be a long  campaign to push the Sunni militants back after stunning gains  they have made in Syria and Iraq, drawing volunteers from many  countries including in the West.
Kerry said he hoped the allies could develop a comprehensive  plan for combating IS in time for this month's annual U.N.  General Assembly session in New York.
Turkey, which attended the talks, has been struggling to  staunch a flow of foreign jihadists across its border with  Syria. Hagel travels to Turkey next week.
A statement issued by Hagel and Kerry after the meeting said  the coalition would need to go after IS finances, including any  trade in petroleum products, and discredit its ideology.     (Additional reporting by Kylie MacLellan, Sabine Siebold and  Guy Faulconbridge. Writing by Phil Stewart. Editing by Paul  Taylor/Mike Peacock)
Related on HuffPost:

A Site You ve Never Heard Is Eyeing The Largest IPO In US HistoryMassive Chinese Company Files Biggest IPO In US History
 | By                                                                MICHAEL LIEDTKE
Updated:
09/05/2014  6:59 pm EDT
The Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. application loading page is displayed on an Apple Inc. iPad, rear, and iPhone 5s in an arranged photograph in Hong Kong, China, on Wednesday, May 7, 2014. Alibaba, which rode China's emergence as an economic superpower over the last 15 years to become a massive online marketplace for everything from forks to forklifts, filed yesterday for what could become the largest U.S. initial public offering ever. Photographer: Brent Lewin/Bloomberg via Getty Images | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — China's Alibaba Group is seeking to raise up to $24.3 billion in its upcoming IPO — an amount that would be the most raised by a company in a stock market debut.
The e-commerce company and its early investors are hoping to sell up to 368 million shares for $60 to $66 apiece, according to a regulatory filing late Friday that sets the stage for Alibaba Group Ltd. to make its long-awaited debut on the New York Stock Exchange later this month.
The documents didn't spell out when trading would begin. The debut is likely to come somewhere from Sept. 18 through Sept. 26. The timing hinges on how many issues regulators raise with the IPO.
The company's management will begin to travel around the world next week to meet with money managers and other investors interested in investing in Alibaba's IPO. If interest increases, the IPO price could be higher than $66 per share.
Alibaba has emerged as a hot commodity because of its e-commerce bazaar, a shopping magnet for businesses and consumers alike as China's economy steadily grows. The company's network of sites includes Taobao, Tmall, and AliExpress, as well as Alibaba.
Most of Alibaba's 279 million active buyers visit the sites at least once a month on smartphones and other mobile devices, making the company attractive to investors as computing shifts away from laptop and desktop machines.
At $66 per share, Alibaba would debut with a market value of $163 billion. That would be more than all but a handful of technology companies, a testament to Alibaba's stunning growth since former schoolteacher Jack Ma started the company in his apartment 15 years ago.
Alibaba plans to sell 123 million of the shares, with the rest being offered by the company's early investors, including Yahoo Inc., which is parting with some of its 22-percent stake.
The fundraising target eclipses the $16 billion Facebook raised in 2012, the most for a technology IPO. It also would top the all-time IPO fundraising record of $22.1 billion set by the Agricultural Bank of China Ltd. in 2010, according to the research firm Dealogic.
Even at $60 per share, Alibaba's IPO would come close to matching the record set by the Agricultural Bank of China.
Still, it's possible investors won't like what they hear during Alibaba's upcoming management presentations, dropping the IPO price.
In its last fiscal year ending March 31, Alibaba earned $3.7 billion, making it more profitable than eBay Inc. and Amazon.com Inc. combined. Amazon ended Friday with a market value of about $160 billion while eBay's market value stood at $67 billion.
Like China's consumer and Internet market, Alibaba is still growing rapidly. The company's revenue in its latest quarter ending in June surged 46 percent from last year to $2.54 billion while its earnings climbed 60 percent to nearly $1.2 billion, after subtracting a one-time gain and certain other items.
Yahoo stands to make almost as much money from the IPO as Alibaba does. The U.S. company, which has been struggling to grow for years, is in line for a windfall of $7.3 billion to $8 billion by selling 121.7 million of is Alibaba shares. Yahoo has said it intends to distribute at least one half of its take from the Alibaba IPO to its own shareholders. That leaves open the possibility that Yahoo will use the remaining chunk of money to make acquisitions that could help its own revenue growth.
Even after the IPO sale, Yahoo will still own nearly 402 million Alibaba shares, or a 16 percent. Yahoo's stock climbed 81 cents to $40.40 in Friday's extended trading after Alibaba set its IPO price range.
Alibaba's founder will be the biggest individual winner. Ma, 49, will pocket $765 million to $841.5 million by selling 12.75 million of his Alibaba shares. After the IPO, Ma will still retain a nearly 8 percent stake in the company worth $12.8 billion at $66 per share.
More:

Janan Ganesh learns the transgressive art of the perfect polishSeptember 5, 2014 5:12 pm
Janan Ganesh learns the transgressive art of the perfect polish
By Janan Ganesh
A tutorial in shoe maintenance launched by John Lobb, the Jermyn Street bootmaker, is an escape into the tactile
©Christian Sinibaldi
Janan Ganesh brushes a shoe at John Lobb’s Jermyn Street store with manager Noel Allen
John Lobb, like James Bond, is a blunt name for something world-famously grand and English. It should be called Maximilian Beaumont-Cowles, I think, as I arrive at the Jermyn Street bootmaker for a tutorial in shoe maintenance. The class is a newly launched initiative by the store, and I am to be its first pupil.
Noel, the crisp and attentive store manager, ushers me past the display rows, where Oxfords and loafers (from £735) pose under tasteful lighting, their taut leather almost audibly breathing dignity. As we settle down in a back room, I anticipate a culture clash. Loyal to a nearby bootmaker at the bolshier end of the market, I have turned up in a pair of winkle-pickers the colour of blood.
More
Janan Ganesh The dangers of cynicism
But Noel is game, even murmuring his appreciation as he reads a line from “Sympathy for the Devil” that is etched into the leather. He then leads me through 90 minutes of assiduous work on an old pair of Lobbs. We brush off surface dirt, we apply cream with a softer brush, we coat the welts and wax the upper, we buff in small circles and scrub in long strokes, we dab our cloth in literally one drop of water and rub it into the waxed leather. We brush again.
Shine, I am told, is a question of effort, not technique. The more layers of wax, the more blinding the finish. I am rapt, and it is not until I return to my office, gazing into the harsh white of a computer screen, that I understand why. For a writer, or anyone who works in the service sector, the shoe-shining ritual is an escape into the tactile. My hands are just happy to be used.
It also feels faintly transgressive, as though the line between fastidious grooming and outright narcissism is being crossed with the fourth application of wax. And – there is no getting around this – the process is sexualised in a way that, say, ironing a shirt or brushing lint off a jacket is not. The leather, the strokes, the scent: there is even something called a buffing glove.
©Christian Sinibaldi
Then there is the thrill of communing with British history. “Metrosexual” is a neologism of perhaps 10 years’ standing but, in this country, it actually describes something very old. In no other nation except Italy has menswear been taken so seriously for so long, and by so many levels of society. This is the land of Beau Brummell – whose statue sneers at passers-by a few hundred yards from the John Lobb premises – and the mods, a country where even football hooligans wear Burberry and Pringle.
Nothing in this culture of peacocking is more cherished, more subject to one-upmanship, than our shoes. I am a veteran of the trainer wars of the mid-1990s, when Reebok Classics saw off Adidas Sambas to become the imperial power in school playgrounds. Now, at 32, everything I wear is high street-bought except for my shoes.
The cost justifies the hard work and sheer ceremony of keeping them in good order. But I would make the effort anyway because, really, it is about identity.
Hipsters and aristocrats see a shambling appearance as a mark of taste. But I am not a hipster or an aristocrat. I am a product of British male youth culture and the immigrant tradition of showing your best to the natives. In both these worlds, the point of getting dressed in the morning is to look richer than you are. You might not have a pair of Lobbs, or a goat’s hair brush to clean them with. But you get the best shoes you can, you fight to preserve their shimmer and, if someone calls you a flash git, you take the compliment.
Janan Ganesh is a political commentator for the FT
Photographs: Christian Sinibaldi
Details
The John Lobb Shoe Care Service is available at John Lobb flagship stores for existing clients and, by special request, at the homes of John Lobb clients. www.johnlobb.com
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Neymar makes stunning comeback  guides Brazil to 1-0 winrazil striker Neymar Junior (10) kicks the game winning goal against Columbia in the second half at Sun Life Stadium. (Source: Reuters)
Reuters | Miami | Posted: September 6, 2014 12:43 pm
A superb 83rd minute free-kick from captain Neymar gave Brazil a winning start under new coach Dunga as they beat Colombia 1-0 in a fiercely contested friendly on Friday.
It will take more than a win of this nature, against a team reduced to ten men for the last 41 minutes, to put the harrowing 7-1 loss World Cup semi-final loss to Germany out of Brazil’s minds but Dunga said the win was a confidence booster.
“It is always good to win, especially with the criticism after the World Cup, some of which was very strong,” said Dunga who is in his second spell as Brazil coach after taking over from Luiz Felipe Scolari.
“This will help the players to regain self-esteem and confidence. I told them that they are here because they are the best and they have dreamt their whole life to be here. They should not be afraid and just have to go out there and play,” added the captain of the 1994 World Cup winning team.
Colombia midfielder Juan Cuadrado was sent off in the 49th minute following a second yellow card for a foul on Neymar and there was no shortage of effort – or indeed rough challenges – from both teams.
New Manchester United striker Radamel Falcao made his return to the Colombian team for the first time since November as a 77th minute substitute to the delight of the large and loud Colombian contingent in the capacity 73,429 crowd at SunLife stadium.
“He wasn’t really able to play more than those minutes,” said Colombia coach Jose Pekerman.
“After such a complicated week with all the stress of his move to Manchester United, it would have been a risk to play him more minutes especially ahead of a season where he is going to have a lot of tough games with a new club, with a lot of responsibility.
“But the few minutes he did have were important and he was even close to the goal. He gives this team a lot, they are confident with him and he gives us different options.”.
The game marked the start of the new four year cycle for both countries as they begin to look to the 2018 World Cup in Russia but the impact of this year’s tournament in Brazil was clearly still fresh.
Colombia’s last outing was their infamous 2-1 defeat to Brazil in the World Cup quarter-finals – a match which saw Neymar suffer a tournament ending injury after a knee in the back from Camilo Zuniga.
Zuniga, who became a hate figure in Brazil, and Neymar captained their respective teams and in a public display of reconciliation, they hugged each other on the field shortly before kick-off.
Despite that gesture Neymar continued…

Dena Bank wants govt to dilute its stake in the PSBBS Reporter |  Chennai Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 09:18 PM IST
Dilute 7% stake to raise Rs 1,200 cr: Dena Bank to Centre
This would help the bank mobilise Rs 12,000 cr to meet its growth target of 18%
State-owned Dena Bank has said it has asked the Centre to dilute seven per cent of its 58 per cent stake in the bank. The move will help the bank raise about Rs 1,200 crore and meet its target of 18 per cent growth. The bank management has said without the capital-raising, growth will stand at 11 per cent.
Speaking to reporters, Chairman and Managing Director Ashwani Kumar said, “Our target is to grow at about 18 per cent in the next 18 months, primarily driven by the SME (small and medium enterprise) and retail sectors.” He added the bank’s retail book was expected to increase 23-24 per cent.
“We asked the government to reduce its holding to 51 per cent. If this capital isn’t there, our growth will be about 11 per cent,” Kumar added. The bank aimed to improve its credit-deposit ratio from 70 per cent to 72-73 per cent, he said.
At the end of 2013-14, Dena Bank’s overall loan book stood at Rs 1,88,649 crore. The bank plans to increase this to Rs 4 lakh crore by 2017. To support this, the bank has set a target of opening 150-175 branches every year.
Kumar said the bank’s gross non-performing assets stood at 3.3 per cent, adding there was pressure on the infrastructure, steel and textile segments. During the quarter ended June, the bank saw slippages in large accounts.
On whether the bank would see any impact of a possible cancellation of coal block allocations, Kumar said Dena Bank had exposure to nine power and steel accounts, and these might be hit.
 Advertisements

I would rather win WC than this series: CookPress Trust of India | Leeds | Posted: September 6, 2014 2:22 pm
England captain Alastair Cook expressed satisfaction after his side’s 41-run win over India in the fifth One-day International at Headlingly, but was also concerned that this was yet another ODI series loss for them.
India won the five-match series 3-1 despite the loss in the inconsequential match on Friday.
“We badly needed to win this. It becomes slightly frustrating because if you play like that, you’ll win a lot more games. We did a lot of things very well, and a lot of things we know we had to do and haven’t been doing in previous games, like one of those guys, top four or five going on and getting a big score, and then the others can support him. I thought we played nicely with the bat, and 300 was always a good score on that wicket,” Cook said.
“The bottom line is we have lost a series. It’s nice to win today (Friday). I’d rather win the World Cup than win this series. We’ve got a great opportunity as a side now, for six months to work on our one-day game,” he added.
Joe Root hit his second ODI hundred – 113 runs – as the hosts scored their highest total of the series, racking up 294/7 in their 50 overs.
“Root was obviously the difference. You can get two or three guys getting 20, 30s and 40s if someone else goes on and gets a hundred off 100 balls. You can speak about it enough, and get told you’ve got the wrong tactics. But it’s not the wrong tactics. It’s just people not doing their job very well. We haven’t done that for three games, but we did today (Friday),” said the English skipper.
“After the first couple of games, Root learned from that and he’ll learn from this hundred. But it was a fantastic hundred, to score a run-a-ball on that wicket. You saw a lot of the other guys struggle to do that. He played beautifully. If we do that, we’re a tough side to beat,” he added.
England did make a couple of big changes though, playing two off-spinners in the same side and even pushing Moeen Ali up to number three.
“The idea will be to have a batter in the top six who bowls. That balances your side a lot better. We had a lot of options today (Friday) with the ball, which is nice as a captain. But the only way of doing that is playing a batter who bowls in the top six,” said Cook about the Ali move.
“Unfortunately, this series has probably shown up a few more questions than answers, and we’re going to have to go away and think about it quite hard.”
The ECB has scheduled a crisis meeting for some time next week to review this ODI series loss and it is understood that Cook’s ODI captaincy will also come under continued…

US Open: Williams  Wozniacki set up  friendly  finalWorld number one Williams overpowered Russian Ekaterina Makarova 6-1 6-3 in the semi-final. (Source: AP)
Reuters | New York | Posted: September 6, 2014 1:40 pm
Serena Williams and friend Caroline Wozniacki arranged a get-together in the U.S. Open women’s final, winning their Friday semi-finals in contrasting fashion on a stifling hot, humid day at Flushing Meadows.
Top-seeded world number one Williams overpowered Russian left-hander Ekaterina Makarova 6-1 6-3, unleashing her daunting firepower against the 17th-seeded Russian.
Wozniacki advanced when China’s Peng Shuai broke down in scary distress due to heat illness and retired in the second set, while trailing 7-6(1) 4-3.
The results delivered on a pre-tournament wish made by the buddies, who each entered the event longing for a victory to ease personal frustrations.
“She’s a good friend of mine,” said former world number one Wozniacki, whose gaping hole in her resume remains the lack of a grand slam title.
“We were saying when the tournament started, ‘We’re in separate sides of the drawing, so hopefully we can meet in the finals. It would be great if that were to happen.'”
Williams said she had the same thought when the draw was made.
“She obviously wants to win and go for her first grand slam, and I want to win and try to make a little history,” said Williams, who wants to end a disappointing grand slam season on a happy note by claiming her 18th slam singles to tie Chris Evert and Martina Navratilova for fourth on the all-time list.
SCARY MOMENTS
The opening semi-final produced some scary moments as China’s Peng fell victim to the severe conditions during an energy-draining, groundstroke battle with Wozniacki.
The match was still very much in doubt with Wozniacki serving at 4-3 and facing break point when the unseeded Peng suddenly grabbed her thighs and stumbled to the back wall of the centee court with what appeared to be severe cramping.
In obvious distress, the 28-year-old doubles specialist was eventually helped off the court to be evaluated by doctors.
A valiant Peng, playing her first career grand slam singles semi-final, refused to quit and returned in 11 minutes after a medical examination.
Six points later, Peng curled up in agony on the baseline, and officials called the match and Peng was lifted into a wheelchair and taken from the court to a standing ovation after the abbreviated two hour four minute battle.
“The doctor, she said to me, ‘You are not able really go out to fight, compete, because look is not really well,'” Peng said about the medical evaluation when she met reporters after two hours of treatment.
“I said, ‘No, no, no, I don’t want to give up. I want to try one more time,'” added Peng. “And then I come back.'”
In the mixed doubles final, top seeds Sania Mirza of India and Brazilian Bruno Soares won the title 6-1 2-6 11-9, sealing the match tiebreak on their sixth championship point against American Abigail Spears and Santiago Gonzalez of Mexico.
SPEEDY continued…

DGCA cracks down on Jet Airways  threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilotsApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Breakthrough: Top Indian Mujahideen terrorist Ejaz Sheikh arrestedApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

US Open win dedicated to India  Telangana: SaniaPrint
Sania Mirza and her partner Bruno Soares celebrate their victory in the US Open mixed doubles final. (Source: Reuters)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 4:26 pm | Updated: September 6, 2014 4:58 pm
Left teary-eyed after her Indianness was put into question just weeks back, tennis star Sania Mirza dedicated her US Open title to the country and the new state of Telangana, where her appointment as brand ambassador triggered a political furore.
Last night, the first-time combination of Sania and Brazil’s Bruno Soares clicked brilliantly as they secured a close win in the final to win the mixed doubles trophy.
“I am very happy, it’s great to win it with Bruno. For the first time we played together, it’s been great two weeks.
I dedicate this victory to everybody in India, my country, and to the state of Telangana and all people of Telangana,” Sania told PTI from New York after winning the final.
“I am extremely ecstatic, it’s a dream come true, hopefully many more will come,” said the 27-year-old.
Sania’s third career Grand Slam came barely a month after she was branded ‘daughter-in-law’ of Pakistan by a BJP leader due to her marriage with cricketer Shoaib Malik. The comment was triggered by the Telangana government’s decision to appoint her brand ambassador of the newly-created state.
The Hyderabadi was forced to issue a statement to assert her roots and was seen breaking down on news channels while trying to do so.
Asked if the controversy played on her mind during the US Open campaign, Sania said she believes in moving forward and remains focussed on her game after stepping into the court.
“I don’t think we should focus on the negatives,” said Sania, who is first Indian female player and only the third from the country after Mahesh Bhupathi and Leander Paes to have won Grand Slam titles.
Sania and Bruno were cruising in the Match Tie break and had five championship points after securing a comfortable 9-4 lead but a flurry of errors threatened to devastate their hopes.
Local hope Abigail Spears and Santiago Gonzalez made it 9-9 and looked like snatching it away from the Indo-Brazilian top seeds.
“We all had our hearts in our mouths at that point but we just tried to be positive and do whatever we could, help each other out and come out on top,” Sania said recalling the crunch moment.
Sania had played the previous three Grand Slams of the season with Romanian partner Horea Tecau but was forced to split as desired results did not come.
They began well by reaching the final of the Australian Open but suffered second round exit at the French Open and were ousted in the third round at the Wimbledon.
Sania said the efforts to team up with Bruno started after the Wimbledon defeat.
“We happened to meet after Wimbledon and he asked if we could play. Me and Bruno had different partners, we messaged each other, spoke to each other and one thing led to another,” she explained.
Asked how the partnership clicked in the very first attempt, Sania said, “Most importantly, continued…

Japan s Mie Prefecture shows interest in partnering KarnatakaJapan's Mie Prefecture shows interest in partnering Karnataka
Anil Urs
Tweet
Bangalore, Sept 6:  
A high profile business delegation led by Governor H E Eikei Suzuki of Mie Prefecture Government, Japan is expected to tour the state from September 10.
Mie Prefectural Government in association with Japan External Trade Organisation (JETRO), Bangalore, is planning to engage the Karnataka Government through a seminar on “Royal Road towards Biz Success - New Business Network with Mie, Japan” in Bangalore.
Bangalore of Chamber of Industry and Commerce (BCIC) has partnered with JETRO), Bangalore to host the delegation comprising of 30 members from various business verticals mainly from automotive, machine tools, aerospace, processed food, electronics components and other allied engineering sectors.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Most Popular

Bitcoin’s wasted power – and how it could be used to heat homesSeptember 5, 2014 3:17 pm
Bitcoin’s wasted power – and how it could be used to heat homes
By Izabella Kaminska
Could an energy intensive, electrical mining rig offer a smart solution to heating our homes?
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/384a349a-32a5-11e4-93c6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jammu-Srinagar highway closed for third dayBorder Roads Organisation
(300-km-long Jammu-Srinagar…)
JAMMU: The 300-km-long Jammu-Srinagar National Highway was closed for vehicular traffic for the third consecutive day today due to landslides at various places on the road, police said.
The highway was closed on Thursday due to landslides, washing of road patches and flooding at various places, police said today.
Hundreds of vehicles, including those carrying passengers, were stranded on the highway due to the closure, they said.
Men and machines of Border Roads Organisation were working to clear the highway, they added.
Over a dozen inter-district roads were also closed due to landslides, washing away of stretches, breaches and flooding in Doda, Kishtwar, Ramban, Samba, Jammu, Udhampur, Reasi, Rajouri, Poonch and Kathua districts of Jammu region, police said.
Police has asked people to avoid travelling on roads in flood-hit areas for the next couple of days.
Heavy to moderate rains have been witnessed in the state since the intervening night of September 2 and 3, resulting in floods and subsequent loss of life and properties.
The death toll in the floods has reached 100 in the state.
Rainfall continued throughout the night till today in Jammu and in mountainous districts, making the flood rescue operations difficult, police said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

137 forest officials bribed by Bellary mining mafia under Lok Ayukta scannerPrint
Written by Santosh Kumar R B | Bangalore | Posted: September 6, 2014 7:52 pm
A Special Investigation Team of the Karnataka Lok Ayukta will investigate 137 forest department officials for allegedly receiving illegal iron ore mining related bribes from a close aide of the under trial former Karnataka minister Gali Janardhana Reddy. As many as 37 forest personnel who were bribed by the Reddy aide Karapudi Mahesh are yet to be identified by name. The exercise of identifying the officials and staff of the forest department who allowed the illegal loot of iron ore by a mafia operated by the former minister is part of a recent state government ordered Lokayukta probe into corruption among lower staff in the forest department that enabled iron ore to be smuggled out for exports from 16 districts in the state including the iron ore rich Bellary district between 2009-2011.
The second part of a Lok Ayukta report on illegal mining that was submitted to the state government on July 27, 2011 had stated that 617 government officials took bribes from Karapudi Mahesh to facilitate transportation of  73.99 lakh MT of iron ore extracted illegally from 2009-20011 from 11 different mines valued at Rs 1849.82 crore. According to data gathered by the Lok Ayukta as much as Rs. 2.46 crore was paid to 617 officials in Bellary as bribes in one year by the illegal mining syndicate. Among the 617 officials who were bribed by the mining mafia the forest department formed a key chunk with 137 officials being identified by designations by the Lok Ayukta.
The state government had earlier asked the Principal Chief Conservator of Forest (PCCF) to identify the tainted officials whose designations for the 2009-11 period had been supplied by the Lok Ayukta. The PCCF has now provided the Lok Ayukta SIT definite information of 100 officials but as many as 37 officials remained unidentified. According to the PCCF’s report there were many forest department workers accused of receiving bribes who are of the rank of guards, foresters and watchers making it difficult to pinpoint individuals. The Lok Ayukta police have now been tasked with finding evidence against the officials named by the PCCF’s report and the 37 unidentified officials.
A similar exercise of identifying the officials who were the recipients of bribes is bing carried out the Post and Inland Water Transport Department as well. A committee has been contitued to investigate the officials mentioned in the Lok Ayukta report to enable disciplinary action to be taken against these officials.

Messages draw out village women to farmingUpdated: September 6, 2014 21:02 IST
Messages draw out village women to farming
Meena Menon
The Hindu A woman farmer working on his field at Sampla in Rohtak district, Haryana.A file photo: V.V. Krishnan.
TOPICS
agriculture
Ruby Mehla had little to do with farming till she started getting messages on weather forecasts on her cell phone. She continues to study for an M Tech degree after her marriage when she moved to Anjanthali village in Karnal district, Haryana.
The village was among the first to be included in the Mobile Solution programme, part of the climate smart intervention by Climate Change, Agriculture and Food Security (CCAFS), a research programme of the Consultative Group on International Agricultural Research (CGIAR).
Under this, agriculture related advisories are sent to farmers and mainly targeted at women and small farmers. Anjantheli was the first climate smart village in Karnal district and people here, mostly farmers with large landholdings, demanded a demonstration of how information communication technology (ICT) can help them in agriculture. Since few women take part in farming activities here, they were not the direct beneficiaries but messages were sent to them on a regular basis.
Under the project, voice and text messages are sent to farmers twice a week in Hindi or the local language with information on weather forecasts and recommended actions that farmers should take, information on pests and remedies, seed varieties and additional messages on climate change and its impact on agriculture. The pilot project allows farmers to call a helpline as well.
When women also started getting these messages, it had started a discussion in the household about farming. “Earlier we didn’t know much about weather forecasts and there was very little conversation on farming. Now the women are involved in discussions,” said Ms Mehla. The village has elected a woman as sarpanch, Suman Devi who also takes a keen interest in farming.
For the first time, 50 women in this village have formed a group of sorts which meets regularly and have a savings kitty. “Even household issues are discussed. There is excessive use of fertilisers here and we are trying to reduce that. Also we are asking farmers to stop burning residue of rice stocks since that is causing pollution,” Ms Mehla explained. About 250 families get text messages related to the weather and often that helps them prepare in advance. For instance, they can wait for a while before hiring a generator to pump water and make a saving on rent. More than farming, these messages have succeeded in drawing the women out from their homes and giving them confidence.
The programme began in August 2013 in eight villages in Bihar and Haryana and 900 farmers, 20 per cent of them women. In July this year, messages are sent to 1,400 farmers in 50 villages in Karnal and Bihar and ten villages in Punjab.

With His Season Over  Mickelson Focuses on Ryder Cup
BJP doesn t believe in horse-trading  says RajnathThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

BJP scared of fresh polls in Delhi :CongThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Telangana CM meets Modi  discusses household surveyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

UPDATE 1-Japan s Abe steals a march on China with South Asia tourThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

As jbm auto in trade to trade now   can we shift to group company jay ...0 Follower
Anand ji,
I have Shilpi cables @ 110% profit, welspun @ 50%, Shakti pumps @ 50% in my portfolio as per your earlier advice.These constitute 50% of my investment
Thanks a a lot for such wonderful advice.
However I also have Ahmednagar forge @20%, Heg @10% profit, Trident and united bank @ low profits and ARSS infra which are moving slowly. Also I did not see your recommendations in these stocks. Hence my query. Do you suggest to keep these stocks? Or is it better move funds to other fast moving shares. I am looking for around 6 months horizon. Please please reply to this message.

A crucial support is at 7855 whereas the resistance on the upsi...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Arrise: my only problem is after last qtr result...the moment biocon a...Platinum Member
91 Followers
akrmr powerful or most powerful.. If any stock has little profitable growth  it can hardly sustain price rise. The triggers in Biocon will b revealed shortly in 3-6 months.. Then 750 is where it will stop.  1) Syngene PE and subsequent listing. 2) Malaysian facility launch. 3)Out -  Licencing of any molecule.. ..

Strong buy for kesar terminals at current levels  we may see it at 100...Silver Member
70 Followers
....Dear Seven Zero......I am reasonably well invested for a target of 1000 in the medium term..............very strong fundamentals......great growth happening.......Guruji has collected tremendous wealth of information about Keasr`s growth plans.....he has shared part of it but is currently a bit shy to participate further.......Kindly invite Guruji  (Mr.Saroj Patniji) to participate a little more.......but technicals are a bit out of favour right now.......my reading is that the retracement under EW4 will take it further down till 237 and then the EW5 will start ........EW5 first target is237 115=352 and the second target is 237 172.5=409.5,,,,,,,,,,both these targets sure shot in October but for this to happen, correction upto 237 thus completing EW4 is compulsory........if we are lucky just like in RSSoftware,  the retracement will end here at 270 and after a little sideways movement, upward journey will start, leading to the above two targets mentioned .......Schiber may comment..........nut
In reply to : sevenzero message
7.22 PM Sep 6th

As market turns around  expect us to make some profits: Vinod DasariSohini Das |  Ahmedabad Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 10:49 PM IST
As market turns around, expect us to make some profits: Vinod Dasari
Interview with Managing Director, Hinduja Group
Ashok Leyland has been adopting various strategies to cut its debt, from reducing working capital and manpower to selling non-core assets. However, the best way to do it is perhaps by increasing profits. Vinod Dasari, managing director of the Hinduja Group company, hopes that as the market turns around, the company will make some profits. He adds that while there is a huge pricing game played by competitors, Ashok Leyland is not keen to offer discounts. On the sidelines of the launch of 'truck-car' Boss in Ahmedabad, Vinod Dasari, managing director, Ashok Leyland, talks to Sohini Das. Edited excerpts...
What is the target for debt reduction this fiscal year?
We have tried all ways to reduce debt — reducing working capital, exiting some businesses and selling non-core assets like land. We had tied up a lot of money in working capital (around Rs 1,400 crore), we have reduced that to Rs 400 crore. We did sell off some assets like land which were not being utilised. Yesterday, we sold a land parcel in Chennai. We also raised Rs 660 crore last month through qualified institutional placement (QIP). While all these were contributing, there was only one thing that was not yet contributing to reducing debt--profit. But, as the market turns around, we hope that the company will make some profit. I am confident about the market turnaround, and with that I hope that we will reduce our debt even further. We are hoping to bring it (debt-equity ratio) to below 1 by the end of this fiscal. From a debt of around Rs 6,600 crore, our debt is now around Rs 4,000 crore.
Last year we made a Rs 29 crore profit — it was actually more close to a loss. But, we continued to maintain our 65-year-old tradition of making profits. We have been profitable since inception, and last year was a real struggle. We came very close (to making a loss).
Are there signs of a revival yet, have your margins improved?
Our operating margins have come back. In Q4 last year we had sold nearly 18,000 vehicles, and had a 6 per cent operating margin. In Q1 this year we actually sold 20 per cent less on a quarter-on-quarter basis, which is usually the case, as the fourth quarter is traditionally the best. Nevertheless, our margins were substantially better than last year. In Q1 last year our operating margin was 1.1 per cent and this year it is 4.5 per cent. That is proof that things are picking up. This is margin improvement on like-to-like sales on a year-on-year basis.
What is the situation on the exports front?
We are growing in exports, we were selling only in the SAARC region, but we are now growing in Middle East and Africa. I think compared to last year, we should do 25-30 per cent better in exports. The share of exports in our turnover last year was around 10-12 per cent, and this year it should be around 12-15 per cent. In the long run I would like it to be somewhere around 30-35 per cent. Although I see a more than 30 per cent growth in exports this year, the overall share in revenues will not see that kind of growth as the domestic market would also grow.
Which are the segments you are bullish on?
Our market share in the intermediate commercial vehicle (ICV) segment (which ranges between 7.5 and 15 tonne gross vehicle weight) has actually tripled in the last five years, from 4.5 per cent to 15 per cent. In the heavy commercial vehicle (HCV) segment there has been a lot of competition. And there has been a huge pricing game being played by some competitors. We don't play that game. We know that commodity costs are going up. We have raised prices by 4.5 per cent in the last four months. So the results are showing in our profitability.
Are there plans for further price increases this year?
We have just increased prices in July. There could be a price increase in October and another one in January. Usually price increases are in the range of 1-2 per cent.
 Advertisements

DGCA cracks the whip on Jet for training flawsBS Reporters |  New Delhi/Mumbai: Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 10:50 PM IST
DGCA cracks the whip on Jet for training flaws
Four pilots derostered, while fate of 131 hangs in balance
Taking a serious view of deficiencies in training of cockpit crew of Jet Airways, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has de-rostered four pilots and issued show-cause notices to an additional 131 pilots flying with the airline.
A senior official in DGCA said, “We have taken off roster four pilots as they were found to be deficient in training. We have also issued show-cause notices to 131 pilots for flying after the expiry of the validity of their last pilot proficiency check (PPC).” The PPC is mandatory and is required to be taken every six months. The PPC test checks the overall knowledge level and proficiency of a pilot.
The regulator’s notice to the pilots asks why their licences should not be suspended or cancelled. However, the regulator is yet to decide whether to de-roster or suspend the 131 pilots. In the past the DGCA has de-rostered pilots for such violations, but the regulator seems to have taken a cautious stand now because taking so many pilots off duty at one go would lead to disruption of schedules.
The regulator has directed the airline to remove its chief of training and issued a show-cause to the chief of operations why action should not be taken against him for permitting pilots to fly aircraft without undergoing corrective training.
The audit also discovered that Jet Airways did not have full approval for its type rating training facility in Mumbai. Pilots need to be trained on a particular aircraft type before they can actually fly the plane. Sources said Jet Airways’ facility in Mumbai did not have full approval from the DGCA. The airline received full approval earlier this year, but was now shifting the facility to Bangalore, a source said.
The audit was ordered by Director General Prabhat Kumar.
A pilot needs to undergo medical tests (annual), simulator checks (twice a year) and a route check (flying under supervision of a senior captain), once a year in order to keep his licence valid. In the absence of these, pilots can not operate flights.
While the DGCA rules say the proficiency check is valid for six months, the regulator had till last year allowed a two-month grace period to pilots. So instead of carrying out the check every six months, pilots could do it within eight months. DGCA sources said this norm was being misused by airlines and two checks were being carried out in 16 months instead of 12 months as prescribed in the rules.
These violations were detected by DGCA officials two years ago and subsequently new regulations were issued last year and the two-month grace period was done away with.
The new regulations regarding flight crew training came into effect last September. The DGCA audit carried out last month found that the six-month limit was not being followed even now. “There were delays of one-two months in conducting the checks. As of now, there are no pilots whose proficiency checks are pending,” a source said. “Jet Airways has not seen the report from the DGCA nor has the airline been advised on when it will be received. We therefore cannot comment on the findings in the report or speculation in the media. However, we are confident that our training meets all DGCA and international standards and that we will be able to resolve any discrepancies or address any observations however minor once we have the report and can discuss the findings with the DGCA,” a Jet Airways spokesperson said. “At Jet Airways safety of our passengers and our crew remains our paramount priority and we will work closely with the DGCA to swiftly resolve any issues that may be highlighted by the authorities,” he added.
The action taken by the regulator follows an audit of Jet Airways' pilot training programme between August 20 and August 22 this year. The DGCA had decided to audit Jet Airways’ pilot training program following an incident on August 8, 2014, in which the airline’s Mumbai-Brussels flight had suddenly dropped 5,000 feet in Turkish airspace. The captain was sleeping as per rules. The co-pilot who was busy on her iPad and noticed that the Boeing 777 had veered off its assigned level of 34,000 feet only when warned by the air traffic control in Turkey.
 Advertisements

We will take each one as it comes: Vijay Mallyalosses
Mr. Mallya said this even while observing that there is no point indulging in speculation
"We will take each one as it comes," was how Kingfisher Airlines (KFA) promoter Vijay Mallya responded when queried about the possibility of other banks likely to follow suit in the wake of United Bank of India declaring him a wilful defaulter .
Interacting with press persons at the annual general meeting of United Breweries Ltd (UBL), of which he is the chairman, here on Thursday, Mr. Mallya said this even while observing that there is no point indulging in speculation.
As regards the United Bank of India action, he said: "We strongly deny the allegations made… disagree with the findings of their grievance redressal committee… will pursue all legal remedies available. I have a great faith in the judicial system in our country." Besides Mr.Mallya, the bank, which has an exposure of between Rs.350 crore and Rs.400 crore to KFA, declared three directors of the airlines wilful defaulters. The loan was extended by the Bangalore branch of the bank.
On whether joint venture partners, Heineken (in UBL) and Diageo (United Spirits Ltd) have raised concern, he said: "These issues have not been raised with me and as I said it is premature to speculate."
About the possibility of liquor being brought under Goods and Services Tax, Mr. Mallya said he was in favour of such a move. Noting it is a very large industry, very large employer, as well as one of the highest contributors to State revenues, he said excluding beverage alcohol from GST would have very large financial impact on the industry.
With regard to Kerala’s decision to impose prohibition, he said Kerala is a large [liquor] consuming State. However, each State has a right to impose whatever policy it so chooses, particularly on the alcoholic beverage industry. In Kerala it is only a roadmap over ten years.
"I don’t believe in prohibition… there is sufficient evidence to prove prohibition has not succeeded anywhere not even in countries like the US. Prohibition also leads to lot of ill effects such as smuggling across borders, illicit and spurious production of alcohol. It is not in the public interest, not in the interest of public health," he said. Given that it is a significant contributor to the revenues of the Kerala government "I am sure those revenues could be put to productive use for socio-economic welfare schemes."
About Heineken, the single largest shareholder, raising its stake in UBI, Mr.Mallya said: "We are not sellers and Heineken are not buyers."
Also read:

Bidding adieu to Lord GaneshTweet
Devotees carry an idol of Lord Ganesh for visarjan (immersion) in Mumbai. The 10-day long festival will end on Monday. (Kunal Patil/HT photo)
Devotees carry an idol of Goddess Gauri for visarjan (immersion) in Mumbai. The 10-day long festival will end on Monday. (Kunal Patil/HT photo)
Devotees carries idols of Lord Ganesh and Goddess Gauri for visarjan (immersion) in Mumbai. The 10-day long festival will end on Monday. (Kunal Patil/HT photo)
A devotee carries an idol of Goddess Gauri for visarjan (immersion) in Mumbai. The 10-day long Ganeshostav will end on Monday. (Kunal Patil/HT photo)
A devotee carries an idol of Lord Ganesh for visarjan (immersion) in Mumbai. The 10-day long festival will end on Monday. (Kunal Patil/HT photo)
Devotees carry an idol of Lord Ganesh for visarjan (immersion) in Mumbai. The 10-day long festival will end on Monday. (Kunal Patil/HT photo)
Devotees carry an idol of Lord Ganesh for visarjan (immersion) in Mumbai. The 10-day long festival will end on Monday. (Kunal Patil/HT photo)
A devotee carries an idol of Lord Ganesh for visarjan (immersion) in Mumbai. The 10-day long festival will end on Monday. (Kunal Patil/HT photo)
A devotee carries an idol of Lord Ganesh for visarjan (immersion) in Mumbai. The 10-day long festival will end on Monday. (Kunal Patil/HT photo)
Devotees carry an idol of Lord Ganesh for visarjan (immersion) in Mumbai. The 10-day long festival will end on Monday. (Kunal Patil/HT photo)
Advertisement

Why Did CVS Quit SmokingWhy Is CVS Walking Away From $2 BILLION A Year?
Posted:
Updated:
09/04/2014 10:59 am EDT
Stopping for a pack of cigarettes at CVS? Not anymore. But they will take care of that pinkeye problem or sprained ankle. |  Ben Torres/Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
The company formerly known as CVS Caremark made a big splash Wednesday by yanking whatever tobacco products it had left on the shelves a month earlier than planned, becoming the first big pharmacy chain to do so. The company, now known as CVS Health, has estimated it will lose $2 billion a year in revenue as a result of the move.
That sounds like a lot of of money, until you consider two things. First, CVS recorded $126.7 billion in sales during the last fiscal year. In other words, it took the company less than six days to generate $2 billion in revenue. Second, the United States will spend more than $3 trillion on health care this year and more than $5 trillion by 2023, according to projections released by federal auditors Wednesday.
CVS dumping tobacco sales and rebranding itself says more about the future of the American health care system and emerging areas of competition for shares of those trillions than it does about smoking cessation. (One smoking-related fact that CVS' actions do point toward is that way fewer people use tobacco now than did decades ago, making it easier for a chain store to ditch cigarettes -- although CVS's competitors like Walgreens and Rite Aid aren't doing so , despite urging by state officials .)
By ending sales of cigarettes and other tobacco products and changing its corporate name, CVS is signaling that it wishes to be known as a health care provider, not merely a convenience store with a pharmacy in the back and wide array of smokes up front. After all, you can't buy cigarettes at the doctor's office. In numerous interviews with news outlets tipped off to the company's announcement, CVS CEO Larry Merlo has made a similar point, though often worded a bit differently.
That messaging is consistent with Merlo's statement in the company's annual report issued in February , just after CVS first said it planned to end tobacco sales.
As the delivery of health care evolves with an emphasis on better health outcomes, reducing chronic disease, and controlling costs, we’re playing an expanded role in providing care through our pharmacists, nurse practitioners, and physician assistants. This significant action further distinguishes us in how we are serving our patients, clients, and health care providers, and better positions us for continued growth in the evolving health care marketplace. Although this decision will have some impact on revenues and profits, we believe that it is the right thing to do given our expanding role as a health care company.
One area in which companies like CVS, Walgreens and Walmart are making bets is so-called retail clinics, where customers can get basic medical care like flu shots and treatments for minor injuries and ailments at low cost during hours more like those of a hospital than a doctor's office, and without the long waits and indignity of visiting an emergency room.
CVS already has more than 900 "MinuteClinic" locations, and it plans to expand over the next few years. Walgreens has close to 400 "Healthcare Clinics" in its stores. And Walmart, which dipped its toes in the water several years ago by partnering with independent clinic operators, is in the process of opening more than a dozen company-owned primary care clinics this year.
It's a growing market: In 2009, retail clinics at CVS, Walgreens and the grocery chain Kroger recorded nearly 6 million patient visits, which was almost exactly four times the amount in 2007 , according to a study published in the journal Health Affairs this month. That's still a tiny number compared to the hundreds of millions of doctor and emergency department visits annually, but the growth trend is clear -- and demand for health care services is only becoming greater.
These companies are responding to other trends in the health care system, starting with the expansion of health coverage brought about by Affordable Care Act. There are as many as 10 million more people with health insurance or Medicaid benefits now than before Obamacare enrollment began.
These patients need someone to treat them, and retailers figure it might as well be them, not least because those patients are probably already customers. CVS has been transforming from a retailer into a big health care company for years already, notably since the company merged with Caremark, a provider of prescription-drug benefits for employer-provided health insurance plans.
The movement toward health insurance plans with deductibles in the thousands of dollars -- meaning policyholders have to spend that much out of pocket before their insurance kicks in -- could also drive people to clinics that will charge them an affordable fee for minor care, rather than the costlier bill associated with a doctor's office or emergency department visit.
What's more, there's a well-known national shortage of primary-care doctors -- although supply varies a lot by geography -- and retail clinics, along with urgent care facilities and other sites of care, could be key to ensuring access to timely, cost-effective treatment in some areas.
What changed Wednesday is this: Those patients will have to stop somewhere other than CVS if they want a pack of smokes for the drive home. Maybe there will be a Walmart, Walgreens or Rite Aid nearby.
More:

77 per cent Indian girls face sexual violence  says UN reportApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

In pics: Mumbai celebrates Teachers  DayTweet
Students watch the live telecast of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's speech at a Mumbai school. (Vidya Subramaniam/HT photo)
Students watch the live telecast of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's speech at a Mumbai school. (Vidya Subramaniam/HT photo)
Students watch the live telecast of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's speech at a Mumbai school. (Vidya Subramaniam/HT photo)
Students watch the live telecast of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's speech at a Mumbai school. (Kalpak Pathak/HT photo)
Teachers receive cards from their students on Teachers' Day in a Mumbai School.(Vidya Subramaniam/HT photo)
Students watch the live telecast of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's speech at Chembur Naka Municipal school in Mumbai. (Praful Gangurde/HT photo)
Students wish their teachers on Teachers' Day in a Mumbai school. (Vidya Subramaniam/HT photo)
Students wish their teachers on Teachers' Day in a Mumbai school. (Praful Gangurde/HT photo)
Students watch the live telecast of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's speech at Chembur Naka Municipal school in Mumbai. (Praful Gangurde/HT photo)
School teachers sing a song ahead of the live telecast of PM Narendra Modi's speech at a municipal school in Chembur, Mumbai. (Praful Gangurde/HT photo)
School teachers prepare ahead of the live telecast of PM Narendra Modi's speech at a municipal school in Chembur, Mumbai. (Praful Gangurde/HT photo)
School teachers watch Prime Minister Narendra Modi's speech at a municipal school in Chembur, Mumbai. Modi addressed children and interacted with them through video conferencing. (Praful Gangurde/HT photo)
Students of Madrasa Gulshan E Raza Taleemul Quraan & Orphanage watch the live telecast of PM Narendra Modi on Teachers' day at Colaba in Mumbai. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT Photo)
Students of Madrasa Gulshan E Raza Taleemul Quraan & Orphanage watch the live telecast of PM Narendra Modi on Teachers' day at Colaba in Mumbai. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT Photo)
Advertisement

Russians pull together amid sanctionsSeptember 5, 2014 12:48 pm
Russians pull together in face of sanctions
By Jack Farchy in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/420af57a-34d8-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ratan Tata calls for support for Mission OceanApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Delhi government formation: What AAP  BJP and Congress have to sayApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

The killer app of educationApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Embarrassment for Modi govt  Union minister V K Singh virtually indicted by army tribunalApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Smriti Irani to build Amethi as political base  pushes for developmentYou are here: Home > Collections > Amethi
HRD minister Smriti Irani to build Amethi as political base,pushes for development
PTI Sep 6, 2014, 05.31PM IST
Tags:
BJP
(Rahul Gandhi has also worked…)
AMETHI: Union HRD minister Smriti Irani might have lost the recent Lok Sabha election to Congress Vice-President Rahul Gandhi, but she has no plans of abandoning the constituency, and is instead planning to develop it as her political base.
Bouyed by the fact that Congress is now not in a position to push through new projects for the development of the area, and problems of water, power and roads being state subjects, Irani is planning to bring in developments through the Centre to maintain her contact with the people of the area.
"The people here are losing faith and getting disenchanted with the state of affairs and are looking ahead for change. Amethi, despite being a high profile constituency for the past so many years, has remained backward," district unit BJP president Daya Shankar Yadav told .
"Irani is working for the all round development of the constituency, be it in the field of education, roads or the minor problems related to the people of Amethi," Irani's poll agent, Uma Shankar Pandey said.
Among the projects for which she has taken an initiative is a district level railway station at Gauriganj for which she also met the Railway Minister, besides development of roads, one of the main concerns of the people here.
"She is working for at least one km long roads in all assembly segments through the PMGSY (Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojna) immediately," Pandey said.
She has also sought a proposal for rebuilding the 70 houses gutted in a major fire in Baraulia village on July 17.
Besides asking the district administration to identify land for rebuilding the houses, she has asked party workers to prepare a report on whether the houses can come up at the same place or land of the individual who lost his dwelling in the fire.
Irani, who as BJP candidate had polled an impressive 3
Irani, who as BJP candidate had polled an impressive 3 lakh votes in the Lok Sabha elections after 20 days of campaigning, had visited the constituency soon after being inducted into the Union Ministry and said she would contest the polls from this seat next time to develop it as her political field.
In preparation for her battle, she has a host of proposals including setting up of a central school, an Army school, a degree college for girls, on the cards besides a women university depending upon the availability of land.
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi has also worked on developing the area as an educational hub with the setting up of petroleum institute, NIFT, FDDI, IIIT, nursing college and a paramedical science college.
Pandey said the Union Minister who was caught up with her responsibilities in Delhi would be visiting the district soon, possibily within a month.
"A three-member team is already posted in Delhi for Amethi for the problems of the people visiting the national capital like writing letters and coordinating with ministries or taking up issue with the administration among others," Pandey said, adding that soon an office of the members of this team would be set up here as well.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fare wars: SpiceJet announces tickets for Rs 599  Rs 1999 till September 10You are here: Home > Collections > Spicejet
Fare wars: SpiceJet announces tickets for Rs 599, Rs 1999 till September 10
PTI Sep 6, 2014, 06.04PM IST
Tags:
SpiceJet
(The move comes in the wake…)
NEW DELHI: SpiceJet today launched two new slabs of competitive basic airfare rates, as other Indian carriers extended dates for booking low cost tickets over the past few days.
The low one-way base fare tickets of the no-frill carrier can be bought till September ten, costing Rs 599 for travel between January 16-October 24 next year and Rs 1,999 for travel between October seven this year and January 15, 2015.
For the Rs 599 offer, taxes and other fees and charges, barring fuel surcharge, would be additional, but the Rs 1,999 offer is all-inclusive.
"SpiceJet has been one of the main drivers of demand stimulation and market growth this year... This demand stimulation has been a win-win, with airlines earning more revenues, with travellers getting fantastic deals, and with the travel industry and economy at large getting a boost," airline's CEO Sanjiv Kapoor said.
The move of the no-frill carrier, which has been making such offers since January, comes in the wake of several foreign and Indian carriers vying with each other to attract Indian flyers by offering discounted tickets.
Air India, Jet Airways, IndiGo and GoAir have all come out with special offers in the recent past, with new airlines like Air Costa and AirAsia India also jumping on the bandwagon.
FEATURED ARTICLES

In  India s most corrupt list   but Nitin Gadkari looks to forgive Arvind KejriwalThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

The discreet power broker behind football’s eliteSeptember 5, 2014 6:06 pm
Jorge Mendes, power broker behind football’s elite
By Simon Kuper and Peter Wise
The agent controls the game’s primary commodity – top talent, say Simon Kuper and Peter Wise
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6eb42db4-3427-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

NASA probe identifies clouds on MarsNASA probe identifies clouds on Mars
By IANS | 6 Sep, 2014, 06.11PM IST
0
Share More
NASA's Curiosity Mars Rover identified clouds that researchers believe are most likely to have formed through the accumulation of water ice crystals
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
WASHINGTON: The belief that Mars could support life received a boost when NASA's Curiosity Mars Rover identified clouds that researchers believe are most likely to have formed through the accumulation of water ice crystals or supercooled water droplets.
"Clouds are part of the planet's climate system," Robert Haberle, a planetary scientist from the NASA Ames Research Center was quoted as saying by Astrobiology Magazine.
"Their behaviour tells us about winds and temperatures," he explained.
"Some studies suggest that clouds in the past may have significantly warmed the planet through a greenhouse effect. A warmer environment is more conducive to life," Haberle added.
So far, Curiosity's main focus was downwards, drilling into Mars rock and sampling dust within its on-board chemistry laboratory.
Now, turning towards the skies, the robot has identified clouds. In a recent series of images sent back from Mars, the NASA rover tracked a formation of clouds drift overhead, blown by high altitude winds.
Now, these drifting clouds will enable scientists understand better the weather patterns.
They will complement Curiosity's geology work while it continues to piece together Mars' climatic history from clues locked in Mars rock, Discovery News reported.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Tech on Twitter Follow

Vadodara: hotel industry associations launch food testing labThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Serena qualifies for WTA Finals in SingaporeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Shinzo Abe steals a march on China with South Asia tourThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Lewis Hamilton on pole in Monza  Nico Rosberg secondIt's Hamilton's fifth pole of the season and 36th of his career. He hasn't started first since the Spanish GP back in May. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Monza | Posted: September 6, 2014 8:06 pm
Lewis Hamilton broke Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg’s recent stranglehold on pole position by qualifying ahead of the championship leader at the Italian Grand Prix on Saturday – although the rivalry between the pair remains as heated as ever.
Rosberg had taken four straight poles and six of the last seven.
Hamilton clocked 1 minute, 24.109 seconds at the Monza circuit, Rosberg was second in 1:24.383 and Valtteri Bottas of Williams qualified third in 1:24.697.
It’s Hamilton’s fifth pole of the season and 36th of his career. He hasn’t started first since the Spanish GP back in May.
“Tomorrow (Sunday) will be really good to get another 1-2 for the team,” Hamilton said. “And I hope we have some competition as that will be great for the fans.”
Rosberg enters Sunday’s race with a 29-point lead over Hamilton in the drivers’ standings – the biggest it has been all season.
A big part of that gap was built in the controversial Belgian GP two weeks ago, when Rosberg finished second after crashing into Hamilton early and sending his teammate out of the incident-packed race.
Rosberg didn’t seem interested in congratulating Hamilton on his pole position. Likewise, Hamilton appeared to do his best to ignore Rosberg after both drivers got out of their cars.
After taking off his helmet, Hamilton flashed a victory sign to photographers while Rosberg appeared to frown behind him.
Rosberg was disciplined by Mercedes for the incident at Spa but no team orders were installed.
“That was the decision last week so it continues as usual,” Hamilton said.
Rosberg reportedly received a hefty fine but said it wouldn’t affect him here.
“Second place is still a good position for tomorrow,” Rosberg said. “It’s a long race and anything can happen. We just need to work toward the race and having a good start.”
Racing conditions were ideal, with sunny skies and a temperature of 25 degrees Celsius (77 Fahrenheit). More good weather was forecast for Sunday’s race.
Felipe Massa of Williams qualified fourth and Kevin Magnussen of McLaren was fifth.
Home Ferrari favorite Fernando Alonso was only seventh, defending champion Sebastian Vettel was eighth and his Red Bull teammate Daniel Ricciardo, who won the past two races, was ninth.
Mercedes’ dominance was clear on the sport’s fastest track, where speeds average about 250 kph (155 mph) and top speeds exceed 350 kph (around 220 mph).
Hamilton missed an hour of practice on Friday due to electrical problems and Rosberg was slowed in Saturday’s third and final practice with a gearbox glitch, making their performances all the more impressive.
“Inside the garage they’ve obviously been through the difficult times with me and they’ve done a remarkable job in bouncing back,” Hamilton said. “It’s great to have a 1-2.”
Daniil continued…

Sharad Pawar launches NCP s poll campaign for MaharashtraUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Mumbai: NCP president Sharad Pawar on Saturday launched his party's campaign for the Maharashtra Assembly polls, expressing hope that the people would "elect us for the fourth consecutive term."
"There was talk of "a wave" in the country during the Lok Sabha polls. However, the results of Lok Sabha polls and state polls vary. People of the state will wisely decide whom to hand over the reins," Pawar said, addressing a public meeting.
"We are going to face the people seeking votes because we want to make Maharashtra a progressive state," Pawar said. He questioned NDA government's decision to appoint former Supreme Court Chief Justice P Sathasivam as Kerala governor.
"There was talk of "a wave" in the country during the Lok Sabha polls. However, the results of Lok Sabha polls and state polls vary. People of the state will wisely decide whom to hand over the reins," Pawar said.
"There are rumours that the appointment of Justice Sathasivam was a thanks-giving for his allegedly favourable stand in a case relating to BJP president Amit Shah," he said. "I don't know how much truth is there to the allegations that it was a quid pro quo," Pawar said.
Targeting Shah, Pawar said, "His diary is full of dates of court cases, so he has the right to allege scams against Maharashtra government." As to several NCP leaders, including former ministers joining BJP recently, Pawar said, "I don't want to comment on the opportunistic stance of some from NCP who have left the party and joined BJP. I am asking partymen not even to mention their names. Let's think the party has been cleansed."
"If we have to ensure that Maharashtra remains united, we have to take care that there is balanced development in all regions, be it Vidarbha, Marathwada or western Maharashtra," Pawar said, with apparent reference to BJP's support for separate Vidarbha.
Maharashtra had always been at the forefront of industrial development, but in many districts such as Dhule, Buldana, Beed and Parbhani a strong industrial infrastructure was needed, Pawar admitted. He also said that promoting education among minorities and tribal communities needed more focus and investment.
Former union minister Praful Patel asked the partymen to counter "misinformation campaign" against the state government and the party. "What sort of talks are going on in Delhi about financial dealings of the Union Home Minister's son?...Modi says we will bring bullet train to India but I want to know if metro or mono rail has started in his Gujarat..." Patel said.
On seat-sharing talks with Congress, Patel said, "We want alliance but it won't be at the cost of self-respect." Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar rubbished BJP chief's allegation that the Congress-NCP government had "indulged in scams worth more than Rs 11.8 lakh crore."
"How can there be scams of Rs 11.8 lakh crore when the entire budget outlay of Maharashtra in the last 15 years of our regime was Rs 3.75 lakh crore?" Ajit Pawar said. Senior NCP minister Chhagan Bhujbal said Congress and NCP will contest the Assembly polls unitedly. "Our alliance won't break," he said.

End of Fed s QE unlikely to affect India inflowsHi Guest
End of Fed's QE unlikely to affect India inflows
Global liquidity expected to continue amid ECB stimulus Foreign portfolio flows into the Indian equity and debt markets, which have crossed Rs 1.8-lakh crore so far in 2014, are expected to receive support from the European Central Bank (ECB).For one, the ECB has cut the rate at which banks can borrow from the central bank to 0.05 per cent. It is also set to commence its own stimulus package from October, although the quantum of the same is yet to be announced.On the other hand, the US Federal ...

Sierra Leone plans three-day ‘complete shutdown’ to stall EbolaPrint
Agence-France Presse | Sierra Leone | Posted: September 6, 2014 8:08 pm | Updated: September 6, 2014 8:09 pm
Sierra Leone is to enforce three days of “complete shutdown” across the country later this month in a bid to contain the Ebola epidemic, a government spokesman said on Saturday.
The measure, which will come into force from September 19, means pedestrians and vehicles on non-essential business will be barred from movement for 72 hours.
“This will be strictly adhered to without exception,” government spokesman Abdulai Bayratay told AFP by telephone.
Authorities in Freetown will use the 72-hour quarantine window to give medical staff access to patients who have yet to be transferred to treatment centres, Bayratay said.
“In this regard, health workers as well as health-related NGO personnel will make house-to-house checks on homes for likely Ebola sufferers that relatives have hidden,” he added.
Bayratay said the shutdown would be aided by the arrival of several new ambulances and up to 30 military vehicles, and could be repeated in future.
The quarantine plan was announced after the World Health Organization (WHO) said Friday that the death toll from Ebola since the start of the year had topped 2,000.
The virus has claimed 2,097 lives out of 3,944 people infected in Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone, the UN health body said.

Unidentified plane spotted by Etihad flight over MumbaiUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Mumbai: An unidentified aircraft on Saturday caused a security scare in Mumbai airspace after it was spotted by an Etihad Airways flight and reported to the air traffic control (ATC) here, official sources said.
The incident was also reported to the Chennai ATC to establish the identity of the plane, the sources said.
However, the sources did not divulge the make of the aircraft or whether it was a civilian or a military plane, as reported by the aircraft of the Etihad Airways which was flying from its home base of Abu Dhabi to Jakarta.
The incident was also reported to the Chennai ATC to establish the identity of the plane, the sources said.
Investigations have been launched by the air traffic control, which is under the Airports Authority of India, and other security agencies, the sources said.
The incident caused panic among the aviation authorities as they were reminded of the 1995 Purulia arms drop case.
On the night of December 17, 1995, a Latvian aircraft dropped a large consignment of arms, including several hundred AK-47 rifles and over a million rounds of ammunition, on a large area in Jhalda, Ghatanga, Belamu, Maramu villages of Purulia district of West Bengal.
Several days later, when the plane re-entered Indian airspace, it was intercepted by the Indian Air Force MiG-21 and forced to land.
Five Latvian crew members and Peter Bleach, a British citizen and an ex Special Air Service operative-turned-mercenary, were arrested and imprisoned for life but released later. The alleged mastermind, Kim Davy, a Danish citizen, gave the slip and has not yet been arrested.

Heavy rains threaten paddy  cotton crops in PunjabUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Chandigarh: Large tracts of paddy and cotton fields are affected by floods in various parts of Punjab, raising a fear of heavy loss to crops. The Punjab government has ordered for an early assessment of damage to crops due to heavy rains lashing various parts of the state. Among the worst affected areas were Muktsar, Mansa and Fazilka districts of Punjab where large tracts of fields sown under major kharif crops - paddy and cotton - are submerged.
As per reports, 10,000 hectares of paddy and 15,000-16,000 hectares of cotton fields were flooded with water because of torrential rains in the past few days in the Muktsar district.
In Fazilka district, 30,000 hectares of land under paddy and 40,000 hectares of cotton crop got submerged into water, an official of Punjab Agriculture department said on Saturday. "We fear up to 10 per cent loss in cotton output in flooded fields as it is a sensitive crop. However, in case of paddy, if water level recedes in 2-3 days, then there will not be much loss," said an official.
As per reports, 10,000 hectares of paddy and 15,000-16,000 hectares of cotton fields were flooded with water because of torrential rains in the past few days in the Muktsar district.
In Mansa district, the agriculture department has said because of rains between September 1 and 4, an area of 6,000 acres of cotton and 300 acres of paddy was affected and the expected crop loss in these fields could be in the range of 20-25 per cent.
"The early assessment on crop damage is still going on and the final report will be ready by tomorrow," said a senior official adding that there could be damage to crops because of rains. Meanwhile, Punjab Irrigation Minister Sharanjit Singh Dhillon in Muktsar district said 6 villages in Muktsar constituency, 3 in Gidderbaha constituency, 19 villages in Lambi and 13 villages in Malout constituency were affected by heavy rainfall.
He said that Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal was personally monitoring relief works in the state and assured that the government would provide relief to all affected people.
The Irrigation Minister said in Muktsar district during the last three days, 84 mm rainfall was recorded, out of which 70 mm rainfall was in a single day.
The minister said the irrigation department has been asked to remove water from low-lying areas and fields to prevent loss. Dhillon said the government had already spent Rs 125 crore on the drainage system and construction of other civil works in South-West Punjab. He said that more than 1,000 km of drains were cleaned this year by the drainage wing of Irrigation Department. He said that Rs 16 crore and 9.5 crore were spent on cleaning of ChandBhan drain and Jalalabad-Maujam drain, respectively.

Venkaiah Naidu pitches for improving technical education systemUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Vellore: Voicing concern over the condition of technical education in the country, Union Minister M Venkaiah Naidu on Saturday said that the time has come for upgrading the system both qualitatively and quantitatively as only 15 per cent of engineers were employable. Referring to a report by the National Association of Software and Service Companies (NASSCOM) that only 15 per cent of India's engineering students were employable, the Urban Development Minister said, it was a "serious comment" on the state of Indian technical education.
"Time has come to remedy the same, both qualitatively and quantitatively. Given the magnitude of the task of Nation building do we have enough number of quality engineers being trained?" he asked in his address at the 29th Annual Convocation of the private Vellore Institute of Technology (VIT) University.
"China has comparable population with us. But 34 per cent of their total student enrollment is by engineering students as against six per cent in our case. The situation is even bad in case of post-graduation and PhDs. The ratio for China is 39 per cent as against a mere 3.40 per cent in our country," he said. VIT University Chancellor G Viswanathan said the government should allocate more funds as the gross enrollment ratio was less than 20 per cent despite there being 700 universities and 37,000 colleges in the country with 2.8 crore students.
"China has comparable population with us. But 34 per cent of their total student enrollment is by engineering students as against six per cent in our case. The situation is even bad in case of post-graduation and PhDs. The ratio for China is 39 per cent as against a mere 3.40 per cent in our country," he said.

Jajodia set to be elected President of new Boxing FederationThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

11 more people killed in JandK floods; death toll climbs to 100Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Amazon s retail practices in India under ED lensReuters |  San Francisco Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 09:25 PM IST
Amazon's retail practices in India under ED lens
Enforcement Directorate is looking into whether Amazon India may have sold directly to customers
Indian regulators are investigating whether Amazon.com might have circumvented restrictions placed on foreign investors by selling directly to domestic consumers, the Wall Street Journal on Friday cited unidentified sources as saying.
The finance ministry’s Enforcement Directorate is looking into whether Amazon’s Indian subsidiary may have sold directly to customers but made it look as if the sales were made by other companies, the Journal cited two people familiar with the matter as saying.
India doesn’t allow foreign firms to own majority stakes in retail companies that sell more than one brand. Amazon is allowed there because it acts as a marketplace rather than a retailer, according to the Journal. Amazon was not immediately available for comment.
The Seattle-based e-commerce company makes its money in India by charging third-party suppliers to use its website to sell some 17 million different products, from books to electronics. Asia's second-largest country is seen as strategically important to Amazon as it tries to ramp up growth and profits.
Amazon.com has said it plans to invest $2 billion more in India, where it has slashed prices, ramped up marketing and accelerated warehouse construction to try and take on local competitors.
Indian investigators are also examining whether Amazon exerts control over the prices of products sold on its website, one of the Journal story's sources said.
"An ideal marketplace should not have any interference from the platform operator," the newspaper cited the person as saying.
Amazon.com shares dipped into negative territory in afternoon trading, down 65 cents at $345.30.
 Advertisements

Intel India looks at ways to push IT consumptionGireesh Babu |  Chennai Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 09:24 PM IST
Intel India looks at ways to push IT consumption
Digital literacy is the need of the hour and Intel in India is playing a role of market creator
Computer chip maker Intel’s priority in the Indian market for the next few years would be to push technology consumption, said Debjani Ghosh, vice-president, sales and marketing group, and managing director, South Asia.
She said India had prowess in supporting the global information technology industry but the use of technology for day-to-day use, which supports growth, is very poor in the country.
Digital literacy is the need of the hour and Intel in India is playing a role of market creator, she said. “We believe in the potential of India, especially with the new government in place and the strong technology vision they have. We believe India is on the right track. We are very committed to work with the government and with the eco-system to see how we can acclearate the domestic techonology adoption,” she said.
On their focus here, she said, “As far as technology and product base is concerned, we believe there is room for growth for PCs (personal computers).” She noted only 10 per cent of the population had access to these. Innovation in solutions or software space, such as speech recognition in PCs, so that the user could ‘speak’ to it in the local language, would be required for the non-urban, non-English speaking customers, where the new users would primarily come from. “More and more users are going to be non-English and non-literate. One has to make the computer very intuitive and that is where hardware and software innovation is required.”
In devices, there will be a major consolidation in terms of segments. There are presently a large number of these in smartphones, tablets, etc. “You will see a consolidation across these devices and you are going to see segmentation through screen size, who uses what.”
In the Indian market, there are extremely cheap devices but with pathetic performance and high-end devices with good performance but at a high price. The mid-point gap is where Intel could bring good performance at affordable prices with its partners, she said.
Another area of focus was going to be data centres and cloud services, which offered “tremendous opportunities” the way e-commerce was picking up and services, especially government services, were. The company would also looking at the ‘internet of things’ as a focus area, as it was ‘critical for smart infrastructure’.
On the smartphone business, she said, “We have a very focused strategy and we work with only a very few people. We are not a broad player in smartphones and that’s by choice. We work with very focused partners, such as Asus and Lenova.”
“Growth in India will be in five-eight inch (screens) and Intel is absolutely in there and we are going to be there with lots of partners,” she added.According to earlier reports, the company is also working on coming up with wearable gadgets, expected to grab the market in the future.
 Advertisements

My view avoid indosolar invest in mold tek package ybrant tanla marksa...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Akrmr..u need to acess these kind of papers.. www.clearstate.com/2014/...Platinum Member
91 Followers
Akrmr..u need to acess these kind of papers.. www.clearstate.com/2014/03/eiu-healthcare-publishes-second-vbh-paper/     EIU is one renowned market intelligence consultant from Economist. I am sure u know but for benefit of others. This paper has been repeated by PWC and Deolitte..
Because.. Insurers in DEVELOPED countries are going in for such strategies to reduce cost. Also the Expansion of healthcare in SEA is astounding.. Malaysian Govt is building 150 hospitals which havevstarted opening and will open in next 3 years.. Biocon.. will also get good price do not worry.
In reply to : akrmr message
10.01 PM Sep 6th

You are saying ce and futures  both are different. i am guessing you ...Platinum Member
54 Followers
You are saying CE and futures, both are different.  I am guessing you bought 1650 CE at 20, which is already in 24 currently.  I am expecting it to open the same on Monday around 32 and march towards 36/38.  You can book partial profits on rise on Monday (but not opening).

NATO Approves New Force To Deter RussiaNATO Approves New Force Aimed At Deterring Russia
 | By JOHN-THOR DAHLBURG and JULIE PACE
Posted:
reddit
NEWPORT, Wales (AP) — Seeking to counter Russian aggression, NATO leaders approved plans Friday to create a rapid response force with a headquarters in Eastern Europe that could quickly mobilize if an alliance country in the region were to come under attack.
NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said a command headquarters would be set up in Eastern Europe with supplies and equipment stockpiled there, enabling the "spearhead" force to mobilize and deploy quickly.
"It sends a clear message to any potential aggressor: Should you even think of attacking one ally, you will be facing the whole alliance," Rasmussen declared as a two-day NATO summit in southern Wales drew to a close.
NATO air patrol flights over the Baltic and other air, land and naval measures already in place will be extended indefinitely, Rasmussen said, as part of a readiness package that also calls for upgraded intelligence-sharing and more short-term military exercises.
President Barack Obama said the agreement demonstrated that NATO is "fully united" behind Ukraine's independence, territorial sovereignty and right to self-defense. He said all 28 NATO allies will now be providing security assistance to Ukraine, such as non-lethal equipment, fuel and medical care for troops.
"This commitment makes clear that NATO will not be complacent," Obama said just before returning to Washington.
Moscow responded by claiming that NATO was using the crisis in Ukraine as pretext to advance a longstanding goal to move its infrastructure closer to Russia's borders. In a statement, Russia's foreign ministry said it was studying the NATO announcements, but warned that the alliance's plans to conduct joint exercises in Ukraine later this year will "inevitably aggravate tensions, jeopardize the progress that has been made in the peace process in Ukraine and exacerbate the split in Ukrainian society."
Confronting another pressing international crisis, Rasmussen said NATO stands "ready to help" Iraq fight back against a violent militant group, but noted that the Iraqi government has not made any such request. Obama and British Prime Minister David Cameron have been pressing their NATO counterparts to join a coalition of nations that could degrade militants from the Islamic State group.
The threat posed by the Islamic State overshadowed some of the NATO summit's official agenda. Yet the leaders still spent a considerable amount of their time discussing the crisis in Ukraine, with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko taking on a high-profile role during the talks.
The summit coincided with the declaration of a cease-fire that emerged Friday out of talks in Minsk, Belarus involving Ukraine, Russia and pro-Russian rebels. Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said he ordered government forces to stop hostilities, nearly five months after fighting broke out in the nation's restive east.
"I count on this agreement, including the ceasing of fire and the freeing of hostages, to be precisely observed," Poroshenko said.
Yet Western leaders remained skeptical that any such cease-fire would hold. The U.S. and Europe, meanwhile, have warned that they stand ready to levy more economic sanctions on Russia — a step a top White House official said could occur within days.
The crisis in Ukraine has been among the most pressing issues on the agenda during the summit. While Ukraine is not an alliance member, Russia's actions have prompted fears among NATO member countries in Central and Eastern Europe that the Kremlin could seek to make gains beyond their borders as well.
Rasmussen said the high-readiness force would give NATO a "continuous presence" in Eastern Europe, with alliance countries contributing forces on a rotational basis. There were no final decisions on where the forces would be based, but Rasmussen said Poland, Romania and the Baltics have all indicated a willingness to host the facilities.
"We must be able to act more swiftly," said Cameron, the British leader.
In another signal of its commitment to protecting its members in Eastern Europe, NATO announced that its next summit will be held in Warsaw, Poland, in 2016. Polish President Bronislaw Komorowski praised the alliance's willingness to boost its presence in the region, calling it "a matter of key importance to Poland's security."
On the sidelines of the summit, Cameron and Obama were also meeting with their counterparts to rally support for a mission to confront the Islamic State through military might, diplomatic efforts and economic penalties. Obama met Friday with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, a key regional player whose support would be crucial to defeating the militants. Cameron also planned to meet with Erdogan.
Obama also met Friday with French President Francois Hollande.
Rasmussen suggested that NATO was unlikely to take imminent military action against the militants in Iraq, but said he could foresee the alliance engaging in a "defense capacity-building mission" there.
The U.S. is already launching airstrikes against the Islamic State in Iraq, and Britain has joined for humanitarian aid drops to besieged minority groups. Obama is weighing whether to extend the military mission into neighboring Syria, where the extremists have establisheed a safe haven.
On other fronts, alliance leaders pressed NATO countries to follow through on commitments to spend 2 percent of their nations' gross domestic product on defense. Only four NATO nations meet that threshold: the U.S., Britain, Greece and Estonia.
Komorowski said Poland would raise its defense budget to 2 percent of GDP in 2016 and would encourage other members to increase defense spending as well.
___
Associated Press writers Monika Scislowska in Warsaw, Poland, and Lynn Berry in Moscow contributed to this report.
___
Follow John-Thor Dahlburg at http://twitter.com/jtdahlburg and Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC
More:

CBI chief s meetings at home raise questions of proprietyNivedita Mookerji |  New Delhi Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 12:23 AM IST
CBI chief's meetings at home raise questions of propriety
The fact that Sinha met many of the people connected to the case at his residential complex is a clear indicator of things gone amiss
Ever since the names of people who met Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) director Ranjit Sinha at his home office in the past several months have come out, the top sleuth has gone all out to say he has done no wrong and nobody can stop him from meeting people.
In one of his defiant statements, he said: “You have to often catch a thief through a thief,” implying that he’s been getting information from his visitors, and that this has enabled CBI to crack many cases.
ALSO READ:  Ranjit Sinha: In the hot seat
 
That may be partly correct, but Sinha’s argument seems to be faulty, according to experts. While technically the CBI chief can hold meetings at his residential office, it is the kind of people who are listed in the visitors’ logbooks as well as the frequency of their visits that is raising questions. “The core point is whether the meetings are furthering the cause of justice or not. The role of an investigator is nothing but that,” said a former CBI director.
The visitors’ diary, or diaries, are believed to be filled with controversial names, including those of industrialists, company executives and politicians with links to the 2G telecom scam and coalgate. The fact that Sinha, who’s heading the probe on both 2G and coal case that shook the nation, met these people at his residential complex (even if it is at the home office), at times late in the night perhaps without any written record of the interactions, is a clear indicator of things gone amiss, according to a civil servant.   
ALSO READ:  CBI chief says will hit back with perjury case against Bhushan
 
The questions that are being asked by top government officials are, why could not these same set of people meet the CBI chief at his office? What were the constraints in organising meetings at his spacious office in the CGO Complex, New Delhi? Was it the convenience of the visitors or the CBI chief himself that was kept in mind while allowing meetings at his residence? Just to put things in perspective, Sinha’s residence at 2, Janpath, is less than 5 km away from the CBI headquarters at the CGO complex, and in normal traffic the two destinations are apart by 10 minutes when travelling by car. There may not be a ready answer to those questions at this point, but a top bureaucrat pointed out that a residential office is sanctioned to top officials including the CBI chief for working at home beyond office hours and giving dictations to personal staff.
“But, such meetings with industrialists and company executives, who are linked to cases under investigation, are against any norm and, therefore, raise suspicion,” he added.
Former CBI chief Vijay Shankar told Business Standard that keeping a residential office is the director’s prerogative. “But, in case people involved in the investigation were given appointment at residential office, was it to each and everyone who sought it depending on the time available to him, or was it given to a particular kind of people?” he asked. “From what has come out in the media, the practice of giving appointment to persons under investigation, that too repeatedly, is highly suspicious,” said Shankar, who held the position of CBI director for three years.
Another former director of CBI, who did not want to be named, said: “I never met anybody at my home office other than personal staff who facilitated work.”
With just about two months to go before his term ends, will the government take any step to intervene? The buzz is that there may be a change in the rulebook that could actually end the CBI chief’s term before the due time. Sinha has said that he will not resign, and is planning a perjury case against Prashant Bhushan, the petitioner who brought the visitors’ log book to the court. However, what view the Supreme Court takes on Monday on the matter might hold the key. Sinha had not so long ago agreed with the Supreme Court that the agency was indeed a “caged parrot”. The current controversy raises the question of how much of a caged parrot the CBI actually is, and what can be done to change the complexion of the premier investigative agency.
 Advertisements

Sania Mirza has the last laughTanmaya Nanda |  Mumbai Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 03:32 PM IST
Sania Mirza has the last laugh
By winning the US Open mixed doubles, Sania has given a fitting reply to politicians like K Laxman of the BJP
On Friday, Sania Mirza took one step closer to winning a career Grand Slam in tennis when she won the mixed doubles US Open with her Brazilian partner. 
 
I remember meeting Sania 11 years ago, when she was still playing the juniors’ circuit – she had just lost in the second round of the US Open girls’ singles to Emma Laine of Finland, but she was gracious even in defeat. That she is now just one short of a career Grand Slam shows what a long way she has come. 
 
Even yesterday, she dedicated her win to her country, her fellow citizens and to the newly-formed state of Telengana, of which she is brand ambassador. In an interview to an Indian TV channel she said ‘My win is dedicated, first and foremost, to India…”. 
ALSO READ:  Don't brand me an outsider, will always remain an Indian: Sania Mirza
Her win should shut up all those who have been on her case her these past few months when she was appointed brand ambassador of Telengana. But the one person who should now publicly apologise is K Laxman, the BJP MLA from her state who criticised her appointment on the grounds that she is ‘Pakistan’s daughter-in-law’ on account of her marriage to Pakistani cricketer Shoaib Malik. 
 
ALSO READ:  Sania appointed brand ambassador of Telangana
That below-the-belt attack against someone who has always fought under the Indian tricolour was made by someone who clearly does not know what it means to compete under the colours of one’s country, or state, or even school house. That kind of loyalty is unparalleled, and it stirs something deep within us when we are fighting for honour, for something greater than ourselves. 
There is another argument about the political meaning of a flag, but in the sporting arena, it stands for one thing and one thing only – the glory it brings your country. 
 
Tennis is not an easy game, even though it may look that way on TV. And at its highest levels, the levels at which Sania plays regularly, it is brutally punishing – gruelling practice routines, a punishing tournament schedule that sees you in New York one week and Tokyo the next, the loneliness of hotel rooms in strange places, and the knowledge that you could be just one tournament away from being history. Under such circumstances, a career Slam is one of the highest achievements any tennis player can dream of, next only to a calendar Slam. 
 
And unlike cricket, your pool of competitors isn’t limited to a handful of Commonwealth countries, nor are there 10 others who can cover for your lapse, nor is there a second or third or fifth Test to make up for a loss. 
 
Yet, all the time, you are competing against the best exponents of the game in the world not just for yourself but also for your country, just like each person you see across the net is. 
 
In his film Chak De, director Shimit Amin captures this same sentiment when the Muslim captain of the Indian hockey team is accused of throwing a final against arch-rivals Pakistan. He finally redeems himself by coaching the women’s team to a World Cup win, but the impulse to question the loyalty of such persons remains unanswered. 
 
That was cinema, but Sania’s vilification was real. To question the patriotism and loyalty of a sportsperson who struggles against such odds is nothing short of criminal. 
 
Unfortunately, Indian law – and society – is such that one can easily get away with such calumny. The only recourse a sportsperson has to prove such detractors wrong is where it matters most, on the playground, under the flag. This Sania has done more emphatically than any court of law could have. 
 
As she lifted the trophy above her head, all smiles, I was glad Sania is having the last laugh. 
 

Shinzo Abe steals a march on China with Sout...Japan's PM Shinzo Abe steals a march on China with South Asia tour
Reuters Sep 6, 2014, 06.09PM IST
Tags:
Australia
(Shinzo Abe becomes the first…)
DHAKA/COLOMBO:Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe flew to Bangladesh on Saturday for a two-stop tour of South Asia as the globe-trotting leader asserts Tokyo's interest in a region where it has ceded influence to China.
Abe becomes the first Japanese prime minister to visit Bangladesh in 14 years and on Sunday will be the first to travel to Sri Lanka in nearly a quarter of a century.
"I came here with 22 top leaders of business, ranging from infrastructure to safe water, with a strong hope of doing business in Bangladesh," Abe told a forum in Dhaka attended by more than 100 executives from both countries.
Asian great-power diplomacy has stirred to life since the rise to power of Indian nationalist Narendra Modi , who announced his intent to play an active role on the world stage by inviting regional leaders to his inauguration in May.
Abe comes to India's backyard after hosting Modi for summit talks that yielded a Japanese pledge to invest $34 billion in India and launched a "special, strategic global partnership" to deepen security cooperation.
The Japanese premier pre-empts Chinese President Xi Jinping , who travels to India and Sri Lanka later this month.
"Prime Minister Modi is weaving a complex tapestry of relations with Asia," said Dayan Jayatilake, a political scientist, author and former Sri Lankan diplomat.
From economic parity in 1980, China's growth has outstripped India's fourfold and Beijing has sought to recycle some of its vast export surpluses into foreign investments in resources and infrastructure in South Asia to feed its industrial machine.
That rising economic presence in the Indian Ocean region has stoked concerns in New Delhi that China is creating a "string of pearls" that surrounds India and threatens its security.
In addition to reaching out to Abe, Modi this week welcomed Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott for the first solo visit by a foreign leader since his election, signing a deal for the supply of uranium for nuclear power generation in India.
Although Modi seeks pragmatic economic engagement with China, in Tokyo he criticised countries with an "expansionist" mindset, a coded jibe against Beijing's assertive behaviour in Southeast Asia.
Modi "has a new equation with China, which is reciprocated by the Chinese leadership based on economic pragmatism," said Jayatilake, "but he is also seeking closer ties with Japan and Australia in the Asia-Pacific region.
"So we can discern multi-tiered Asian architecture in the new foreign policy of Prime Minister Modi."
SEEKING ATTENTION
For Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, the increased attention of the region's largest economies creates the opportunity to attract much-needed investment and promote exports.
Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina visited Tokyo in May and Abe's return visit followed up on Japan's commitment to invest 600 billion yen ($5.7 billion) over the next four to five years.
Abe praised Bangladesh's progress in developing its Bay of Bengal industrial belt but urged the country to do more to improve infrastructure and transportation. He praised the export growth achieved by the Bangladeshi garment industry.
Japan also provided a $450 million development loan for the construction of a 1,350 megawatt coal-fired power station.
In return, Hasina told Abe that Bangladesh had withdrawn its bid for a non-permanent seat on the UN Security Council for 2015-16 in favour of Japan. "I appreciate the decision, and it will foster the relationship of the two counties," Abe said.
For Japan, which has to import most of its energy, the Indian Ocean is a critical sea passage for supplies of oil and liquefied natural gas from the Middle East.
Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa will welcome the attention of Japan as a donor and investor and as a counterweight to China, which financed a $500 million port terminal in Colombo that was opened last year.
"They (the Japanese) are aware that we are beholden to China's influence in many ways, so they would like to counter that," said Nanda Godaga, a retired Sri Lankan diplomat who follows Japanese foreign policy.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Eden City Maheshtala to launch phase-2 in mid 2015Home News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Eden City Maheshtala to launch phase-2 in mid 2015
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept 6:  
The second phase (phase-II) of Eden City Maheshtala, one of the few FDI funded real estate project in Kolkata, will be launched by mid of 2015.
Mahestala is located on the southern fringes of the city.
According to a release issued by the company, the handing over first phase of the project is almost over.
Some 1,250-odd families have so far been handed over possession in the first phase of the project. Another 100 flats would be handed over by end of December this year.
Eden City Maheshtala, spread over 22 acres is funded by UK based F&C REIT Asset Management.
The total investment for the project is around Rs 450 Crores. The project will also offer plush facilities for relaxation and entertainment.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)

Filmakers jump on Salman Khan  Shah Rukh Khan  Aamir Khan  release  bandwagonApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Unresponsive Plane Crashes Near JamaicaUnresponsive Plane Crashes Near Jamaica
Posted:
reddit
KINGSTON, Jamaica (AP) — A private U.S. plane with an unresponsive pilot crashed into the ocean north of the Caribbean island Friday after a journey of more than 1,400 miles.
Maj. Basil Jarrett of the Jamaican Defense Force said the plane went down about 14 miles (22 kilometers) northeast of Port Antonio and the military sent aircraft to investigate. There was no immediate information about the people on board.
The plane took off at 8:45 a.m. EDT from the Greater Rochester International Airport in New York, according to local officials. Air traffic controllers were last able to contact the pilot of the Socata TBM700, a high performance single-engine turboprop, at 10 a.m. EDT, the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration said in a statement.
The pilot, who was not identified, had filed a flight plan with the FAA to fly from Rochester to Naples, Florida. Fighter jets were scrambled at 11:30 a.m. EDT and followed the plane until it reached Cuban airspace, when they peeled off, said Preston Schlachter, a spokesman for the North American Aerospace Defense Command & US Northern Command. FlightAware, an aviation tracking website, showed the plane over the Caribbean south of Cuba at about 2 p.m. EDT.
FlightAware identified the plane's tail number as N900KN. FAA records show the plane is owned by a company based at the same address as a real estate firm in Rochester. The firm, Buckingham Properties, is owned by developer Larry Glazer, who also is president of the TBM Owners and Pilots Association.
A person who answered the phone at Buckingham Properties declined to comment. Glazer's son Rick Glazer told The Associated Press: "I don't have any comment about what's going on at this time."
According to Buckingham's website, "Larry spends some of his spare time on the ground — gardening around his house with his wife, Jane; and some in the sky — flying his plane."
The Air Force and Transportation Security Administration contacted Rochester airport officials about the plane at about 10:45 a.m., according to Monroe County Executive Maggie Brooks. The airport referred all inquiries to the Federal Aviation Administration.
The incident marks the second time in less than a week that private pilot has become unresponsive during a flight. On Saturday, a pilot lost consciousness and his plane drifted into restricted airspace over the nation's capital. Fighter jets were also launched in that case and stayed with the small aircraft until it ran out of fuel and crashed Saturday into the Atlantic.
More:

Jihadists among 31 dead in Syria air raids: NGOThe strikes come amid a stepped-up campaign by President Bashar al-Assad's regime targeting IS positions in north and east Syria. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Beirut | Posted: September 6, 2014 8:09 pm
Syrian air strikes in the jihadist- held northern city of Raqa on Saturday killed 31 people, including 15 Islamic State (IS) members, a monitoring group said.
“Regime warplanes carried out eight air strikes targeting Raqa and its surroundings,” said Syrian Observatory for Human Rights director Rami Abdel Rahman.
At least 15 jihadists and 16 civilians including three children and two women were killed. Eight of the civilian dead were from a single family.
The strikes come amid a stepped-up campaign by President Bashar al-Assad’s regime targeting IS positions in north and east Syria.
Activists say such air raids often kill many civilians as well as jihadists.
Similar strikes on Tuesday in the eastern province of Deir Ezzor killed 16 people including 10 children.
Among the targets on Saturday were a building housing an IS Islamic court and a training camp.
Seventeen of the dead were killed when a bakery was hit.
The Islamic State group first emerged in Syria’s war in late spring 2013, when it was named the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL).
Its horrific abuses, including near-daily public executions, have made it widely feared in areas it controls, but activists say people stay silent for fear of reprisals.
In a separate development, the Observatory said the number of people killed in a Friday air strike targeting a Syrian rebel-held area of Aleppo city in the north has risen to 15.
Insurgent areas of Aleppo have come under massive aerial bombardment since December, killing hundreds of people and prompting tens of thousands to flee to safety.
The regime has kept up its offensive despite a UN Security Council resolution in February condemning such strikes.
And east of Damascus, regime troops backed by Lebanese Hezbollah fighters made another gain against rebel forces by taking the village of Hteitet Jarash, the Observatory said.
The village is near Mleiha, a former rebel bastion that fell to government control in mid-August after several months of fierce fighting and near-daily bombardment.
Hteitet Jarash is in the Eastern Ghouta area, which the army has besieged for more than a year.
Syria’s war began in March 2011 as a peaceful protest movement demanding Assad’s ouster, but morphed into a brutal war after the regime unleashed a massive crackdown against dissent.
The United Nations says at least 191,000 people have been killed in the more than three-year conflict.

We need a peoples movement to preserve languagesUpdated: September 6, 2014 21:52 IST
‘We need a people’s movement to preserve languages’
Ranjani Govind
V Sreenivasa Murthy Jnanpith Award winner Chandrashekar Kambar with linguist D.P. Pattanayak at the inauguration of a seminar in Bangalore on Saturday.
Two-day seminar on ‘Languages of India and their place in the school system’ gets under way
“When we got freedom from the British, we forgot to get rid of the English hangover. Otherwise, why would we forget to use our State languages or our mother tongue,” lamented Jnanpith Award winner Chandrashekhar Kambar after inaugurating the two-day seminar on ‘Languages of India and their place in the school system’ here on Saturday.
The seminar, organised by the Kuvempu Bhasha Bharati Pradhikara, in association with the Central Sahitya Academy, at the Kannada Bhavan, will see language scholars, linguists and academicians from across India taking part in debates and discussions.
Mr. Kambar, who also spoke about the Supreme Court’s ruling that the Karnataka government could not impose mother tongue on linguistic minority for imparting primary education, said, “In the wake of hundreds of languages, including tongues from the interior tribal belts losing root in India, we need to address the issue with a strong national movement with people’s cooperation. I have, at www.change.org, appealed to the Prime Minister to bring in some constitutional changes to ensure the status of Indian languages and their use. I look forward to having 1 crore signatures.”
K.V. Narayana, chairperson, Kuvempu Bhasha Bharathi Pradhikara, said: “Any amount of significance given to the variety of verbal communication in India is not going to be enough for its survival.” He said the linguistic geography of India had changed so the ‘area’ had to be revisited and redefined. It was in 1911 that the last language survey was conducted. The Eighth Schedule of the Constitution included 22 languages and there were 600 languages spoken across the country. “Is this linguistic diversity being addressed in schools,” asked Mr. Narayana.
Debi Prasanna Patnaik, activist Ganesh N. Devi, N. Gopi of Hyderabad University and Krishnaswamy Nachimuthu of Tiruvarur made it clear that for Kannada to survive, it should be the responsibility of the government to ensure that the language entered the digital world in a scientific way.
Call (080) 23183312 or email kbbpbengaluru@gmail.com for details.

From the Border to Chicago: How Heroin Migrates
KCR meets Modi  seeks special status for TelanganaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Chandrajit Banerjee: A US-India  resetThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Won t indulge in horse-trading to form Govt: RajnathThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

No future jpa struggling to pay even salaries that`s why promoters sol...Gold Member
11 Followers
No future jpa struggling to pay even salaries that`s why promoters sold so they can mange for a month and can sell more shares see more fall on Monday promoters reply not satisfactory all killing small investors I see 28 on Monday very very bad company no one earn money ever Manoj gaur worst you have  lost investors trust be transparent and tell problems market will re rate social cause doesn`t seem to digest
10.35 PM Sep 6th

Airasia india to fly to new cities from todayCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

The monsoon has surprised on the upside till 5th september. in 2009 mo...Platinum Member
86 Followers
The Monsoon has surprised on the upside till 5th September. In 2009 monsoon was 23% below average till 5th september and in 2014 the deficit is only 13% and 2014 may be a year with slightly below normal monsoon.
10.35 PM Sep 6th  | Track

400 looks to be on card on monday.expect a gap openeing on mondayChief of Bureau, CNBC-TV18 Mumbai
2353
Financial Markets Anchor & Research Analyst
12548
Head - Research
2547
Local MFs net buy more equities than FIIs in August. Is the retail investor finally back?
Yes

Its time to say hello to Reliance JioIt’s time to say hello to Reliance Jio
K Venkatasubramanian
Tweet
Pool play The going’s not going to be easy for the new player ISAART/SHUTTERSTOCK.COM
RJio has the financial muscle, but it may take a while before it overtakes its competitors and emerges as a key player
The prospect of the Big Boy of oil and gas, Reliance Industries, muscling its way into the telecom sector has been watched with much interest in recent years.
So, will the entry of Mukesh Ambani’s Reliance Jio Infocomm (RJio) into the fray force the top players to rethink their strategies?
Not necessarily.
It has been nearly four years since the company first successfully bid for and won spectrum for offering data services on a pan-India basis. But the venture has not commenced active operations yet.
In the meantime, entrenched players in the market have emerged much stronger and have enhanced their revenue share. Even in the broadband space, BSNL, Airtel, RCom, Idea and Vodafone have very strong presence. These operators together command nearly 85 per cent market share.
In wireless mode
In the spectrum auction this February, RJio bid for spectrum to offer voice services in 14 circles.
It also signed tower-sharing agreements with several players. But even after these moves, what its bouquet of offerings will be is unclear.
It now appears that RJio would not just be a data services provider but would offer a combination of broadband (wireless) and voice services. Recent data from the telecom regulator indicate that nearly 92.5 per cent of all internet consumption in India takes place through the mobile wireless mode.
This means that RJio will first have to look at adding a substantial number of mobile subscribers first before getting them hooked to its data and internet plans.
In the mobile services space the top three operators have a 70 per cent revenue market share.
Other prominent players such as RCom, Tata Teleservices, BSNL and Aircel too would compete for subscriber and revenue share. So, RJio’s task is certainly not going to be easy.
One differentiated strategy could be that, given that the metros and top cities are already saturated, it will set its sights on smaller cities.
A recent report from the telecom regulator shows that while urban teledensity is 139.7 per cent, the figure for rural areas is just 43.7 per cent. So there is an undertapped market to target for RJio.
Not for tariff war
Then, there are reports that it may offer 4G LTE (long-term evolution) services, where speeds are likely to be faster than even 3G offerings.
But handset compatibility would need to be worked out and smartphones need to be configured to work with 4G technology.
The company has invested an estimated $8-10 billion thus far in capex and spectrum charges; so it is unlikely to start a tariff war as a new entrant. It would know from the experience of new entrants in the last few years that playing the tariff war against seasoned incumbent players is a sure way to lose money.
While over time RJio may emerge as a strong fifth or sixth player in the telecom market, trying to race to the top through tariffs would surely mean a race to the bottom.
The industry itself simply cannot afford any more tariff wars, as evidenced by the kind of erosion in margins and realisations of operators that it led to during 2009-12.
Looking for clarity
More clues may emerge if it decides to bid for spectrum in the auction slated for early 2015.
Of course, if the company does take the inorganic route to expansion, possibly acquiring the weaker operators, it would certainly stand a good chance.
Maybe that’s one thing the smaller players in the telecom space could look forward to.
(This article was published on August 17, 2014)
Related

Index outlook: Nifty set to vault over 8 000The extremely shallow correction witnessed over the past eight sessions implies the index intends to break higher soon
August 31, 2014:  
It was a plucky show by the Sensex and the Nifty last week, managing to close in the green in all the four sessions and ending the week at a new life-time high. The Sensex has gone past the hump at 26,500 but the Nifty is yet to sail past 8,000.
But since that level is less than 50 points away, it might be achieved early next week. Especially if the market opens on a gung-ho note due to the surprisingly positive 5.7 per cent GDP growth in the June quarter. Since the last time growth was above 5 per cent in 2012, there is reason to hope that things are really improving with the investment cycle and the economy.
It will be interesting to see what the ‘8,000’ number does to the market’s psyche — whether it makes investors go on a buying spree or brings on a deluge of selling.
The domestic market has the added support of a very upbeat global environment. Investors elsewhere are also in a Utopian state with the S&P 500 moving above the 2,000-mark last week and the Dow too closing at a new life-time high.
It has been a fairytale existence for the Sensex and the Nifty so far this year. After a very mild decline in January, the indices have closed with gains in all the other months. The year-to-date gains stand at 26 per cent for the Sensex and the Nifty and at 29 per cent return of the broad-based CNX 500 index.
There is no denying that a large part of it is due to the Modi effect. The three months of Modi regime has resulted in the front-line indices gaining around 8 per cent. This means that while the expectation of a stable Government made indices surge in the run-up to the elections, investors have turned more circumspect thereafter.
The two benchmarks have been forming a running correction since May 26. In this pattern, indices move sideways with an upward tilt. This implies that despite profit booking at higher levels, sustained buying interest is not allowing the index to go into a deep correction. This has bullish connotations.
The Supreme Court was in an over-drive last week, declaring the allocation of coal-blocks in the past two decades illegal, disallowing Tata Power and Adani Power to charge higher tariffs for power produced in Mundra, and asking DLF to pay the fine imposed by the CCI. The stocks of companies that bore the brunt of the Supreme Court’s judgements tumbled lower. But the indices holding their heads above the water despite this implies that there could be some fireworks in the offing.
Daily oscillators have risen above the neutral zone into the positive territory, indicating that the short-term trend is up. The weekly relative strength index moving higher after dipping slightly in the overbought zone means the medium-term trend also continues to be strong.
Sensex (26,638.1)
The weekly close above 26,500 in the Sensex is a victory for the bulls. If this level sustains for a couple of weeks, the Sensex will be zipping towards the 27,000 level soon.
The week ahead: The Sensex has ended near the weekly high. Investors need to watch their step in the early part of the week. A close below 26,300 will mean the short-term trend has reversed and the index is heading towards 26,121, 25,794 or 25,241. The short-term trend will reverse only on a close below 25,241.
But if the index heads higher next week, it can then move to 27,117 and then 27,427.
Medium-term trend: The strength of the medium-term trend will be tested next week. We stay with the view that the index faces resistance in the band between 26,830 and 27,000. Reversal from this zone can pull the index towards 25,000 again.
Nifty (7,954.3)
The Nifty too put up a very resilient show last week, managing a new closing high.
The week ahead: The daily chart of the Nifty is looking very bullish. The extremely shallow correction witnessed over the past eight sessions implies the index intends to break higher soon.
Immediate upper targets are 8,007 and 8,098. Investors should watch out for hiccups around the 8,000 level. Reversal from there can cause a decline to 7,786, 7,700 and 7,540.
Short-term traders can hold their long positions as long as the index trades above 7,786. The short-term trend will reverse lower only on a fall below 7,540.
Medium-term trend: The medium-term trend in the index stays positive. This view will reverse only on a close below 7,400. Medium-term targets if the Nifty gets past 8,000 remain at 8,110 and 8,208.
Global cues
Most global indices closed with gains last week. The exception was the Russian RTSI, which suffered due to the sanctions imposed on the country.
The Dow hit a high of 17,153 before ending flat. Investors there appear a little tentative as the index moves to new highs. A sharp break beyond 17,200 is needed to set the index on a fresh up-move.
The movement of the dollar needs to be keenly watched as it will deter mine the flows into emerging markets. The dollar index is at a key resistance at 82.7. Close above this level will take the index to 85.
(This article was published on August 31, 2014)
Related

Multiple challenges to galloping marketsMultiple challenges to galloping markets
Sandip Sabharwal
Tweet
With a dollar rally, market corrections and domestic factors spelling bearish trends, it may pay to be cautious
Stock markets worldwide have been on an incredible uptrend for the last several months. We have seen some intermittent corrections, but those have been shallow and of very short durations.
Although I am quite bullish on the markets over the long term, the near-term picture does not look encouraging. The risks to the markets are predominantly global and somewhat local. Some risks that I see playing out are listed below.
A strengthening dollar
The US dollar continued on a weakening cycle right through the quantitative easing cycles of the US Federal Reserve with intermittent rallies.
However, an improving US economy — at a time when the European economy faces a deflationary cycle, combined with faltering growth in Japan and China — has set the scene for a dollar rally.
The rally is also expected to be aided by continued stimulus from the ECB and Japan. The impact of a dollar rally will be two-fold. Firstly, it will cut into the earnings growth of US corporates and put pressure on US stock markets.
The second and more important impact on emerging markets is that a dollar rally can create a short-term squeeze of liquidity globally, specifically from emerging markets. The US Dollar Index has also completed a very bullish technical pattern and could see a sharp up move over the next two-three months.
In the first round of corrections in developed markets, the emerging markets held up quite well, driven by liquidity flows.
Sharp market correction
An imminent sharper correction in the western stock markets will take all other markets down along with them. However, the same might not be true in the second corrective leg. The markets could get very volatile with a downward bias as we approach the US Fed meeting on September 16.
The minutes of the last meeting indicated a growing difference of opinion on the future course of monetary policy. This could grow further as economic indicators coming out of the US are indicating sustained recovery.
Geopolitical tensions
The Gaza conflict continues to simmer while there is a growing mistrust between Russia and the NATO. The Ukrainian situation could get uglier before it is resolved.
The growth of the ISIS and an imminent Western involvement could also create near-term uncertainties. Markets in their bullish undertone have chosen to ignore most of these factors.
Runaway food inflation in India is likely to keep the RBI on hold for a longer period of time.
The positive base effect for consumer price index (CPI) inflation will start wearing off from September/October and the Government will have to get a handle on things by then.
The inability of the Government to push through certain legislation in the latest session of Parliament; such as changes to the Land Acquisition Bill, is a negative.
Poor agricultural growth due to a volatile monsoon is likely to affect near-term growth, as planted area has come down significantly compared to last year. This could impact rural demand, which has held up quite well till now.
The recent judicial pronouncement on the ‘coal-gate’ scandal could impact both growth and sentiments in the near term. India is already importing more than $10 billion of coal every year.
This could increase manifold if the issue is not sorted out rapidly. Iron ore mining is still stalled two-three years after a scam broke out in that sector.
The Syndicate Bank bribery scandal and growing concerns about the lending practices of PSU banks have put them on the back foot in the near term. And lastly, growing bullishness — with most brokerages coming out with competitively higher Nifty and Sensex targets — is another warning signal. Recently, one brokerage came out with a 30,000 plus Sensex target.
What's prudent
Although most of these factors will be short term and are unlikely to change the long-term trend of the market, it is only prudent to be cautious at this stage.
A correction could be to the tune of 6-10 per cent. Post correction we will get more constructive ideas to invest into. Till than, be cautious.
My suggestion to all traders is to take moderate positions so as to not get whiplashed in short-term market movements.
My base case assumption for the markets in the short run is a correction to the 7,100-7,300 range; this was where the Nifty was on the date of the Lok Sabha result announcement. That level should not be breached unless we have a full-fledged global crisis. That should set the trend for the next up move.
The writer is the founder of asksandipsabharwal.com
(This article was published on August 31, 2014)
Related

ONGC Videsh in talks with Pemex for Mexico explorationApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Arvind Lifestyle ties up with GapSave this video
Copy URL
Arvind has announced that its subsidiary Arvind Lifestyle Brands, has tied up with Gap Inc, to open Gap stores in India. The first stores are expected to open in India's two largest cities - Mumbai and Delhi - starting with Gap's Summer 2015 collection for adults, kids and babies. Arvind plans to open about 40 franchise-operated Gap stores in India.
60

Sachin Tendulkars autobiography releasing on Nov 6Updated: September 2, 2014 17:41 IST
Sachin Tendulkar’s autobiography releasing on Nov 6
IANS
cricket
Cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar’s Playing It My Way — My Autobiography will be released Nov 6, the publishers announced here on Tuesday.
“I knew that agreeing to write my story would need me to be completely honest, as that is the way I have always played the game. It would require talking about a number of aspects I have not shared in public before.
“So here I am, at the end of my final innings, having taken that last walk back to the pavilion, ready to recount as many incidents as I can remember since first picking up a cricket bat as a child in Mumbai 35 years ago,” Mr. Tendulkar said about his book.
The autobiography is being published by Hodder & Stoughton and will be simultaneously released globally through Hachette India.
“Over the past 25 years, Sachin Tendulkar’s colossal batting triumphs for India have singled him out as one of the greatest players in cricket history. He is universally admired and respected and, most impressively, remains a very modest man,” said Hodder & Stoughton editor Roddy Blookfield.
The darling of millions of cricket lovers worldwide, Mr. Tendulkar retired from the game in 2013 after playing for 24 years. The most celebrated Indian cricketer and the highest run-scorer in the history of international cricket, Mr. Tendulkar was honoured with Bharat Ratna, India’s highest civilian award, on the last day of his cricket career.
His autobiography details his remarkable story, from playing in the by-lanes of sub-urban Mumbai to his first Test cap at 16, to his 100th international century capped by the emotional final farewell that brought India to a standstill.
The boisterous Mumbai youngster’s boundless energy found expression in record breaking batting exploits as a schoolboy upon which was launched the career of a cricketing phenomenon.
Before long, he was the cornerstone of India’s batting line-up, his every move watched by a cricket-crazy nation.
Before Mr. Tendulkar, never did a cricketer perform at international level for so long and with style, scoring so many runs and centuries in both Tests and one-dayers, with the burden of so many expectations.
He brought together a shocked India by defiantly scoring a Test century shortly after the Mumbai terror attacks of Nov 26, 2008. Some of his crowning achievements for India include World Cup and India topping the World Test rankings.
Despite his international celebrity status, Mr. Tendulkar has always remained a very private person, devoted to his family and country.
Playing It My Way: My Autobiography, will provide an insight into his personal life and promises a frank and revealing account of his sporting life, the publishers say.

India slips to 71st rank in WEF competitiveness listWEF annual global competitiveness list comes as new Indian govt, led by Narendra Modi, completes 100 days in power.
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 3, 2014 12:20 pm
Weighed down by challenging economic conditions for most part of the past year, India has slipped to 71st position – the lowest among BRICS countries – in an annual global competitiveness list, where Switzerland remains on top.
The annual list, released today by Geneva-based World Economic Forum (WEF), comes at a time when the new Indian government led by PM Narendra Modi completed 100 days in power and has promised further steps to revive its economy and the ease of doing business in the country.
“Continuing its downward trend and losing 11 places, India ranks 71st. The country’s new government faces the challenge of improving competitiveness and reviving the economy, which is growing at half the rate of 2010,” WEF said.
As per the Global Competitiveness Report 2014-15, Switzerland is the most competitive economy, followed by Singapore and United States.
Other countries in the top ten are Finland (4), Germany (5), Japan (6), Hong Kong SAR (7), Netherlands (8), United Kingdom (9) and Sweden (10).
China, which has improved its position by one place to 28th spot, leads the BRICS grouping, among which India has the least ranking. Russia is ranked at 53rd position, followed by South Africa (56) and Brazil (57).
“India’s decline of 11 places to 71st, set against the gains of the ASEAN 5 countries, suggests that the competitiveness divide South and Southeast Asia is becoming more pronounced,” WEF said.
Besides India, WEF said that some of the world’s largest emerging market economies continue to face difficulties in improving competitiveness. These include Saudi Arabia (24th rank), Turkey (45), Mexico (61), Nigeria (127th), South Africa and Brazil — all of them have slipped in their rankings.
According to the report, India’s slide in the competitiveness rankings began in 2009, when its economy was still growing at 8.5 per cent (it even grew by 10.3 per cent in 2010).
“Back then, however, India’s showing in the GCI was already casting doubt about the sustainability of this growth.
“Since then, the country has been struggling to achieve growth of 5 per cent. The country has declined in most areas assessed by the GCI since 2007, most strikingly in institutions, business sophistication, financial market development, and goods market efficiency,” it added.
Noting that improving competitiveness would yield huge benefits for India, WEF said it would help re-balance the economy and move the country up the value chain ensuring more solid and stable growth.
“This in turn could result in more employment opportunities for the country’s rapidly growing population,” it added.
 

India service sector activity slows to 50.6 in AugustIndian services firms registered a fourth successive monthly rise in new orders in August, although the pace of expansion slowed from July. (Reuters)
PTI | Bangalore | Posted: September 3, 2014 11:50 am
After a post-election uptick, the service sector activity in the country moderated in August, indicating a need for improvement in reform momentum to lift sentiment in the sector, an HSBC survey said today.
The HSBC/Markit purchasing managers’ index for the services industry stood at 50.6 in August, down from 52.2 in July, indicating a slowdown in the sector activity as new business expanded at a weaker pace.
The latest reading, however, highlighted a fourth consecutive monthly expansion in service sector output. A reading above 50 shows that the sector is expanding, while a reading below it depicts contraction of output.
“Growth in service sector activity slowed in August. Moreover, the improvement in new business flows and business optimism moderated,” HSBC Co-Head of Asian Economic Research Frederic Neumann said adding that “an improvement in reform momentum is needed to lift sentiment in the sector”.
Indian services firms registered a fourth successive monthly rise in new orders in August, although the pace of expansion slowed from July.
India’s services sector expanded for the first time in nearly a year during May this year on rebound in new business orders and an overall improvement in client demand.
The boost to business, post Lok Sabha elections, was largely driven by sentiments that the decisive verdict would further drive up activity in the sector.
During August, workforce numbers in the Indian service sector were unchanged, as the vast majority of companies reported no change in staff levels.
On inflation, Neumann said “on the positive side, weaker activity has softened inflation indicators within the survey”.
Private sector companies across the economy as a whole noted a slowdown in cost pressures from the previous month.
Expectations regarding future activity at service providers remained positive in August, although the index dropped to its lowest level in 11 months.
Meanwhile, the HSBC Composite Output Index stood at 51.6 in August, down from 53.0 in July, indicating a slowdown in output growth across the private sector, that weakened from July at both services and manufacturing companies.

For e-tailers Amazon  Flipkart and Snapdeal  small enterprises are a big opportunityPrint
Bangalore | Posted: September 3, 2014 5:26 am
Deep-pocket e-tailers like Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal are turning to the country’s 47 million small and medium enterprises (SMEs) to host a unique assortment of products on their online stores. They are providing specialised training, logistics, infrastructure and technology support to these SMEs to enrich their product selection in categories like apparel, jewellery, handicrafts, fashion accessories and leather goods. Flipkart plans to on-board 50,000 SMEs in the next two years while Snapdeal is inching close to the 100,000-seller mark, a majority of them SMEs. Amazon already has 10,000 sellers on its platform, many of whom are small units.
In turn, such tie-ups are helping SMEs gain access to an otherwise elusive market and an association with the likes of Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal leading to prominence and confidence among their consumers. An exposure to the online channel also helps SMEs cut through intermediaries like wholesalers and retailers, thus streamlining payment processes.
Snapdeal co-founder Rohit Bansal told FE his firm has introduced services like Payship and Snapdeal Plus to boost logistics capabilities of SMEs, besides an exclusive mobile app. The e-tailer will also help them secure loans from banks and NBFCs. “We see ourselves as an enabling company for the over 1,000 businesses built on Snapdeal who do more than R1 crore in annual sales. Before we came in, small businesses saw the internet as a threat but that’s changed,” Bansal said, adding that it has already tied up with the Karnataka government to help the state’s SMEs sell online.
Amazon India country head Amit Agarwal says Amazon offers services like Fulfillment and Easy Ship to enhance a seller’s logistics capabilities. “We do all the heavy lifting on behalf of the sellers so that they can focus on pricing and selection,” Agarwal said. The global major has also tied up with the Federation of Indian Export Organisation, Manufacturers Association of Information Technology, Trade India, and Export Promotion Council of Handicrafts to identify SME clusters and to popularise the benefits of selling online.
Flipkart, on its part, has tied up with the Federation of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (FISME) and the National Centre for Design and Product Development to help small manufacturers and artisans. The online marketplace is also working with the Centre to train people in semi-urban and rural areas to prepare them for employment at Flipkart or its business partners. On Monday, the homegrown e-tailer inked a pact with the textile ministry to provide an online marketing platform to handloom weavers across the country.
SMEs have limited muscle when it comes to reaching out to an audience and building a brand. Another problem with them is managing finances. “When SMEs work with online marketplaces, they are assured of payment within a specific period of time, which is otherwise not the case and has a bearing on their finances,” said Anil Bhardwaj, secretary general, FISME. According to data available with the ministry of micro, small and medium enterprises, India had 46.7 million MSMEs by the end of FY13, employing 106.1 million people. The sector has continued…

Mumbai trips  lines too weak to import power“Dark office in Mumbai. Lights out in the whole area. The coal crisis is beginning to literally show its dark side. A threat to the India story,” said Anand Mahindra. (Reuters)
Mumbai | Posted: September 3, 2014 5:22 am
Most of the island city of Mumbai and several suburbs, including major commercial areas, were left without power for the entire day on Tuesday after a unit of Tata Power, generating 500 megawatts, tripped due to a technical snag in the morning. Distribution companies were compelled to resort to load shedding and while the affected unit, Unit 5 at the Trombay Power Station, was expected to be up and running by 2.30 pm, restoration work was still under way at 5 pm.
“Dark office in Mumbai. Lights out in the whole area. The coal crisis is beginning to literally show its dark side. A threat to the India story,” Anand Mahindra, chairman and managing director, Mahindra Group, tweeted. M&M has corporate offices in the Worli and Colaba areas of the city.
While no crisis of coal triggered Tuesday’s blackout in Mumbai, several parts of the country are reeling under power cuts after an estimated 14,000MW of generation capacity was pulled out due to a severe shortage of coal in northern, western and northeastern regions.
Last Friday, the Central Electricity Authority(CEA) had cautioned that 40,000MW of thermal generation capacity had turned “super-critical”, implying the plants could shut down unless coal supplies were restored immediately; about of the half of the capacity had less than eight days’ coal stocks.
Earlier on Thursday, the western and northern grids had sent out alerts warning regional distribution companies from overdrawing from the grid. The Western Regional Load Despatch Centre (WRLDC) issued a warning late on August 27 saying the regional grid was “severely affected”. The loss of generation capacity was estimated at 5,843 MW, mainly attributable to coal scarcity.
Experts claimed power could have been purchased from the open market but there was the fear a weak transmission infrastructure might not be able to handle the load. Tata Power said in a statement that while the power was available in neighbouring areas of Maharashtra, “due to overloading of state transmission network, it has not been made possible to import power for Mumbai by these distribution companies”.
The affected areas in Mumbai are served by state-owned Brihanmumbai Electric Supply & Transport Undertaking (BEST), Reliance Infrastructure and Tata Power. A BEST official said it draws about 250 MW from Tata Power’s Unit 5 and had resorted to 140-150 MW of load shedding to deal with the demand.
According to the company’s investor presentation for July 2014, the Tata Power has a generation capacity of 1,580 MW at the Trombay Power Station, of which about 1250 MW is offline for various reasons. Unit 8, with a capacity of 250 MW, has been closed continued…

Golden run: BSE Sensex atnew record-high  Nifty above8 100Continuing its surge for the eighth straight session, the Sensex closed at 27,019 on Tuesday.
PTI | Mumbai | Posted: September 3, 2014 10:15 am
Continuing its rising streak for the ninth straight session, the benchmark BSE Sensex rose over 129 points to hit a new high of 27,148.90 in opening trade today on sustained foreign capital inflows coupled with a firming trend on other Asian bourses.
The 30-share index, which had gained over 705 points in the previous eight sessions, gathered another 129.51 points, or 0.47 per cent, to trade at a new peak of 27,148.90, surpassing its earlier record of 27,082.85 touched yesterday (intra-day).
All the sectoral indices, led by teck, consumer durables, infrastructure and oil & gas, were trading in positive territory with gains up to 0.93 per cent.
Maintaining its record-breaking spree, the NSE Nifty also shot up by another 36.75 points, or 0.45 per cent, to hit a fresh life-time high of 8,119.80, crossing its previous record of 8,101.95 hit yesterday.
Brokers said sentiments remained buoyant with key indices soaring to new highs on sustained foreign capital inflows and widespread buying by retail investors, driven by positive economic data such as better-than-expected GDP growth in first quarter and narrowing CAD.
Besides, positive global factors with crude oil prices falling to multi-month lows and a firming trend on other Asian markets boosted investor sentiments, they said.
Among other Asian markets, Japan’s Nikkei rose 0.82 per cent, while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng gained 0.15 per cent in early trade today.
The US Dow Jones Industrial Average, however, closed 0.18 per cent lower in yesterday’s trade.

India seeks pre-clearance facility for flights to US from Mumbai and DelhiPrint
New Delhi | Posted: September 3, 2014 5:09 am
A proposal that allows passengers travelling from India to the US to complete their immigration and customs formalities in New Delhi or Mumbai is to be discussed between the two countries when Prime Minister Narendra Modi visits the US later this month. While the facility will spare passengers time and trouble when they arrive in the US, it could also help the Delhi and Mumbai airports develop as hubs. Currently, the pre-clearance facility for travel to US is offered in a handful of countries: Ireland, Canada, Bermuda, the Bahamas and most recently Abu Dhabi.
The civil aviation ministry has written to the ministry of external affairs which, in turn, will take up the matter with the US authorities, sources familiar with the development said. The immigration checks would be carried out by US Customs and Border Protection officials and aviation experts believe the facility might encourage international airlines from Malaysia, Thailand and Singapore to fly to the US via India. Approximately 1 million Indians travel to the US each year.
“We want to offer the Mumbai and Delhi airports to the US border agencies for setting up an offshore immigration centre since it helps both countries given the large number of travellers. Talks are on but things will move only after the US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) upgrades our air safety rating, which we expect will happen by September-October,” a civil aviation ministry official said.
“We have written to the external affairs ministry on the US border pre-clearance and it will be taken up with the US after the FAA upgrade,” the official added. The upgrade of India’s air safety rating will delay negotiations because right now Indian and US airlines are not allowed to expand the number of flights to either country. The FAA downgrade happened in January this year with the authority citing an inadequate safety oversight mechanism of the domestic aviation regulator, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation. The DGCA has since complied with all requirements, especially hiring key safety inspectors. Last month top officials from the regulator met FAA officials to apprise them of the progress.
For the US authorities the move will help reduce congestion at some of the bigger airports like New York’s John F Kennedy and Chicago’s O’Hare, besides helping those passengers looking to take a connecting flight.
Around 6.2 lakh tourist and short-business visas were issued in 2013 to Indians from five centres of Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai and Hyderabad, according to data with the US government’s Bureau of Consular Affairs.
This excludes IT professionals with long-term contracts and those travelling to the US on multiple-entry 10-year visas. Currently, the bulk of the domestic air passengers going to and from the US are carried by West Asia-based carriers like Emirates, Etihad and Qatar Airways. Air India and United Airlines also operate direct flights between the two countries while Jet Airways routes its US flights through its hub in Brussels.

2G scam: CBI director Ranjit Sinha dragged into another row in Supreme CourtPrint
New Delhi | Posted: September 3, 2014 5:30 am
Centre for Public Interest Litigation (CPIL) counsel Prashant Bhushan on Tuesday told the Supreme Court that CBI director Ranjit Sinha is being influenced by the accused companies in the 2G scam.
He said that the entry register of his residence portrays “very disturbing” and “explosive material” coming in the way of administration of justice in the 2G spectrum allocation scam.
A bench headed by Justice HL Dattu said it will take up on Thursday Bhushan’s plea seeking recusal of the CBI director from the 2G scam investigation on the alleged ground that he was trying to scuttle it. It also asked Bhushan to submit in a sealed cover copies of the CBI director’s residence visitor entry book, allegedly revealing frequent visits by Reliance ADAG Group executives, who are accused in the 2G scam, involved in coal scam and alleged middlemen.
However, Sinha through his senior counsel Vikas Singh denied the allegations, saying it was an attempt to defame him and derail investigations into crucial cases.
While Bhushan was reading his note, senior advocate KK Venugopal, appearing for the CBI, intervened and asked the bench to pass an order that all materials be placed before the court in a sealed envelope.
Senior advocate Ram Jethmalani, who was appearing in a 2G-related matter for DMK MP Kanimozhi, one of the accused in the scam, came to the defence of the CBI director by saying “he is performing his duty well but all kinds of allegations are being levelled.”
Meanwhile, the bench also appointed senior advocate Anand Gover as the new prosecutor in the 2G trial. He replaces UU Lalit who has since been appointed judge of the apex court. The NGO had also alleged that the “the director has made serious attempts to derail the investigation and prosecution being carried out by the CBI.”

How to pull an all-nighterWhat the sleep doctors won't tell you
By  Tracey Lawson
(Thinkstock)
When Kevin Morgan pulls an all-nighter he relies on a tried-and-tested strategy to get him through.
His work area is brightly lit, he often eats a snack part-way through the evening and he takes a 90-minute nap before going to work. He also makes sure there is plenty of ground coffee available.
The stuff of a sleep scientist's nightmares? Not exactly. Just ask the scientist.
Related
Getting by on four hours sleep
Is it really possible to function well on so little sleep?
Morgan is a professor of psychology and director of the clinical sleep research unit at the University of Loughborough in the UK.
Although sleep scientists do not advocate working through the night, Professor Morgan says there are a few benefits.
"There are fewer distractions at night," he said. "You can control your environment."
Advisable or not, all-nighters are part of life for many of us, whether due to heavy workloads, the demands of international working practices or our own habits.
Sixty percent of students surveyed by researchers at St Lawrence University in New York stayed awake all night at least once since entering the school, according to a 2008 study. The practice isn’t limited to students cramming for exams. A 2012 survey commissioned for the UK teachers' magazine TES Connect found that 70% of 1,600 primary school teachers questioned had stayed up all night to complete work at least once in the previous three months.
All-night study spaces are a feature of many universities today, including reading room facilities at the University of Chicago in the US and the University of Bristol 24-hour Computer Room in the UK.
Asleep on the dinner plate
Paul Haswell, a Hong Kong-based partner at international law firm Pinsent Masons, is not a fan of all-nighters. Yet Haswell, a specialist in technology, employment and commercial law, finds they are sometimes unavoidable.
"I do not think that me or my team are as effective if they are sleep deprived," Haswell said. "I’d rather have a well-rested, efficient and stress-free team than one which is fighting to stay awake."
Staying awake all night can also play havoc with your personal life, as Haswell discovered on a dinner date the evening after he had pulled an all-nighter as a junior lawyer.
"I was absolutely exhausted, but couldn’t dare cancel the date as I’d been planning it for months," said Haswell. "I ended up falling asleep during the starter. Woke up with my head on the table and a waiter explaining that my date had left in disgust. I never saw the lady in question again!"
Scientific research tells us that poor sleeping habits are bad for our health and well being.
The St Lawrence University study found that the marks for students who had never pulled an all-nighter were 7% higher than the marks for students who did stay up all night.
People who sleep fewer than six hours a night are more likely to develop impaired fasting glucose, a condition which precedes Type 2 diabetes, than people who sleep for longer, according to researchers at New York’s University at Buffalo in 2009.
And a sleepless night can lead to short-term euphoria and impaired decision making ability, according to scientists at the University of California, Berkeley and Harvard Medical School in 2011.  
"Pulling an all-nighter is risky on several levels," said Dr Charles Czeisler, Baldino Professor of Sleep at Harvard Medical School. "You are also at acutely increased risk of causing an air or motor vehicle accident should you fly or drive after being awake all night."
Despite the risks associated with all-nighters, many of us do it. So what can we do to stay productive through the small hours and still function the next day? Here are some tips from the experts.
Bank sleep
Czeisler advises having a snooze once you realise you will not be going to bed that night.
"If we take a mid-afternoon nap, the decrease in performance which normally occurs as we work on will be much less," said Czeisler.
Maintaining good, regular sleeping habits most of the time can help us cope with an all-nighter, said Morgan.
"Do a bit of 'sleep banking' and get the amount of sleep you need most nights,” Morgan said. “Don't allow unnecessary sleep debts to accrue in your life, and this will help when you do have to work through the night."
Nourish yourself
"Protein keeps us alert," advises Paula Mee, a dietician, nutrition consultant and broadcaster based in Dublin. "So the evening before you are going to stay up all night have a meal which is rich in protein, for example a chicken breast or a salmon cutlet. Too many carbohydrates can make us sleepy."
"You do not need to have another full meal during the night, our bodies have reserves for events like this," said Mee. "But mid-way through the night you could have a protein snack, perhaps some nuts and seeds, to help keep you alert."
Work in bright light
"Light is a signal of wakefulness for our biological clock and tells us that it is time to be awake and active," said Docteur Joëlle Adrien, neurobiologist and Research Director at l’Institut national de la santé et de la recherche médicale (INSERM) in Paris, France's national institute of health and medical research.
But be sure the light is the right colour. "Research shows a blue-tinted light will wake you up best, such as a blue-LED light," Adrien said. "Yellow light is not good for staying awake. It relaxes us, so avoid it if you want to work through the night."
Plan your night-shift tasks
Our cognitive ability will diminish as we work through the night, leaving us less able to perform tasks which require computing information, Morgan said.
"Divide your tasks in to two categories: cognitive tasks, which require thinking,and computing, and other tasks which are more routine, such as formatting your work," said Morgan. "Do the cognitive tasks first. You want your facts to be right."
"The more routine and pedestrian tasks should be done later, formatting your document for example," Morgan said.
Drink coffee
Caffeine reduces the effects of adenosine, a chemical that humans produce which makes us feel tired.
"Use caffeine strategically," Czeisler said. He advises drinking a cup of coffee at hourly intervals throughout the night.
Keep warm
Our body temperature dips to its lowest around 03:00 to 04:00. "You don't want to be distracted by being cold," Morgan said. "So make sure your environment is comfortably warm. I always have a fleece handy."
Take a morning-after nap
"Once you have finished your task, say around 08:00, send off the email and then go to bed for 90 to 100 minutes, which is long enough to allow us to have one full sleep cycle," Morgan said. "That should be enough to keep you functioning throughout the day, but not for driving, so never drive the day after an all-nighter."
And go to bed early that evening, he added. “You should be able to get back into your normal routine fairly easily," he said.
Just say no.....
"Tell your boss it is not reasonable to work through the night," is the advice of Adrien when it comes to an unexpected all-nighter. "Sleep deprivation has a very strong impact on your health. Of course, you may need to be diplomatic, and say OK, just this once, but not again. Just tell your boss no."
Do you have tips for pulling an all-nighter? Share your thoughts with BBC Capital on Twitter @BBC_Capital or join the conversation about this or any other Capital story on Facebook: BBC Capital on Facebook.
All Night Long
Have to burn the midnight oil? Top tips from the experts:
Bank sleep ahead of time to ensure you're fresh
Do the most difficult tasks first
Nourish yourself with protein snacks throughout the night
Work in bright light and keep warm
Advertising Feature

Will Sizzling Summer lead to a September Swoon for stocksWill Sizzling Summer lead to a September Swoon for stocks?
By Jill Schlesinger, Tribune Content Agency, Jill on Money
Finance Warren Buffett Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
So much for the summer doldrums! August 2014 was the best August for stocks in 14 years. The Dow gained 3.6 percent on the month to 17,098; the S&P 500 took out the psychologically important 2,000 level, rising 3.8 percent to 2003. Since the March 2009 low, the S&P 500 is up a staggering 195 percent, making the current bull market the fourth-best since 1928 in terms of both duration and magnitude, according to Bespoke Investment Group . The NASDAQ rose 4.8 percent on the month to 44-64, a 14-1/2 year high and just 11.5 percent below the all-time closing high reached on March 10, 2000.
After last year's sparkling 30 percent returns, few prognosticators predicted a subsequent buoyant year. Through August, the S&P 500 is up 8.4 percent, which has gotten some worried that the sizzling summer could lead to a September swoon for stocks. The fearful bears point out that stocks are trading at pretty hefty valuations . On the last trading day of August, the S&P 500 traded on Friday at 19 times its companies' earnings for the past year, above the historical average of 15.5.
0
Another worrisome fact: the latest survey (through the week of August 27th) of individual investors completed by the American Association of Individual Investors showed that 51.9 percent of respondents are bullish, the first time above 50 percent this year and well above the long-term average of 39 percent. Meanwhile, bearish sentiment dropped to 19.2 percent, below 20 percent for the first time this year. These market sentiment surveys are often called "contra-indicators," because when regular ol' investors like us start to feel bullish, we are usually wrong. To wit, this most recent reading is the highest reading since the week of December 26, 2013, which preceded a 3.6 percent decline in the S&P 500 in January.
Need more? There has not been a full 10 percent correction in over three years -- as a frame of reference, corrections usually occur about every 18 months. And while October market crashes may grab headlines (1929, 1987, 2008), September is actually the worst month for stocks. According to the Stock Trader's Almanac , since 1950, the S&P 500 has recorded an average drop of a half of a percent in September.
Before you hit the "sell" button, remember that just because a correction could be coming and September is historically a bad month, does not mean you should bail out. Oh sure, there will be those who will say that it's a "stock-picker's market" or that a managed mutual fund will be better able to absorb downward shocks, but that's rarely the case; and the pundits doling out that kind of advice usually have a financial incentive to get you to buy whatever it is they are selling.
None other than billionaire investor Warren Buffett weighed in on the managed versus passive argument in the latest Berkshire Hathaway annual report . Writing about the instructions laid out in his will, Buffett said his advice for the cash left to his wife was that 10 per cent should go to short-term government bonds and 90 per cent into a very low-cost S&P 500 index fund. He also took a shot at active management, warning investors that those who urge this method and the some ones "who profit from giving advice or effecting transactions. The resulting frictional costs can be huge and, for investors in aggregate, devoid of benefit. So ignore the chatter, keep your costs minimal."
The benefits of building a diversified portfolio of low cost index funds have been proven over time. Presuming that you have created an allocation according to your risk tolerance and personal goals and that you rebalance on a quarterly or semi-annual basis, there's no need to change a thing when the calendar says "September," when markets are reaching new highs or when they are correcting.
(Jill Schlesinger, CFP, is the Emmy-nominated CBS News Business Analyst. A former options trader and CIO of an investment advisory firm, Jill covers the economy, markets, investing and anything else with a dollar sign on TV, radio (including her nationally syndicated radio show), the web and her blog, "Jill on Money." She welcomes comments and questions at askjill@moneywatch.com . Check her website at http://www.jillonmoney.com )
(c) 2014 TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC

McDonald s Raises Checks of Chinese SuppliersJack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
New York:
McDonald's says it will monitor its suppliers in China more closely after a food-safety scandal in the country hurt the hamburger chain's sales and reputation.
The fast food company will increase audits and video monitoring at its food suppliers. It will also send more employees to meat production facilities to make sure its food is prepared safely.
The changes come after a TV report in July showed workers at a McDonald's supplier repacking expired meat. McDonald's stopped using the Shanghai plant and many restaurants were unable to provide some products, including Big Macs and Chicken McNuggets.
Last month, McDonald's Corp. reported a 7.3 per cent drop in sales at its restaurants in Asia, the Middle East and Africa.
Story first published on: September 03, 2014 08:17 (IST)

US not intimidated by Sotloff beheading: Obamaprint
This image made from video released by Islamic State militants purports to show journalist Steven Sotloff being held by the militant group. (Reuters)
President Barack Obama on Wednesday said the US is not intimidated by the killing of American journalist Steven Sotloff and that justice would be served.
Addressing the media in Tallinn in Estonia, Obama also said he was 'repulsed by the barbarism of the Islamic State'.
His reaction came shortly after the US confirmed that the video showing the beheading of Sotloff by the ISIS was authentic, according to agency reports.
Sotloff, who freelanced for Time and Foreign Policy was last seen in August 2013, and has featured in the earlier video of the execution of James Foley.
Earlier report from HT Correspondent Yashwant Raj
In the video, Sotloff looked into the camera and said, “I’m sure you know exactly who I am by now and why I am appearing.” He was dressed in the same orange jump suit worn by Foley and inmates of US prisons.
related stories
British PM chairs emergency meeting over 'beheading'
“Obama, your foreign policy of intervention in Iraq was supposed to be for preservation of American lives and interests, so why is it that I am paying the price of your interference with my life?”
The ISIS terrorist standing by side then says that as long as the United States continues “to strike our people, our knife will continue to strike the necks of your people”.
Foley’s executioner had made a similar threat, but airstrikes against ISIL positions in Iraq have continued, now expanding beyond in and around Mosul Dam to also cover Amirli and Erbil.
The central command said Monday it had carried out 123 airstrikes across Iraq since the start of the air-campaign on August 8.
Sotloff’s mother, Shirley Sotloff, had appealed for mercy for her son in a video message last week. “I am sending this message to you, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi al-Quraishi al-Hussaini, the caliph of the Islamic State. I am Shirley Sotloff. My son Steven is in your hands. You, the caliph, can grant amnesty. I ask you please to release my child. I ask you to use your authority to spare his life.”
“As a mother, I ask your justice to be merciful and not punish my son for matters he has no control over.
 I ask you to use your authority to spare his life and to follow the example set by the Prophet Muhammad, who protected People of the Book. I want what every mother wants, to live to see her children’s children, I plead with you to grant me this.”

iPhone 6  Cracked Open In New High-Resolution Videoreddit
Enough with the leaked drawings and fuzzy photos : Finally we have a sharp, clear video of what might (or might not) be the "iPhone 6."
Apple is widely expected to announce its latest version of the iPhone next Tuesday, September 9 . A new video, posted by Russian YouTuber Rozetked , claims to be a close look at what we should expect. Is it legit? Who knows? It's unclear how Rozetked could have gotten ahold of parts or a completed phone. But the video at least seems consistent with much of what we already think we know about the phone.
In a side-by-side comparison of the new phone and the older iPhone 5S, it seems the new model keeps the rounded edges of its predecessor but is slightly longer and thinner. The new phone is expected to come in 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screen sizes, up from 4 inches for the iPhone 5.
In the new model, the power button is now located on the left side, next to the volume controls, as opposed to the top. The headphone jack and lightning connector remain on the bottom. The FaceTime camera has also shifted, and the Touch ID sensor is larger.
Comparison of "iPhone 6" and iPhone 5S
The video's narrator describes the phone's back panel as a mix of aluminum and plastic, as rumored , and says the case is all one piece that doesn’t separate.
Back panel is space gray with aluminum and plastic parts
The narrator says the glass on the front of this particular phone is not the rumored sapphire crystal but instead may be a tempered glass that gives it a "nicer feel" and makes it "more transparent." There has been talk that some 4.7-inch models and all of the 5.5-inch phones will have tougher, scratch-resistant sapphire glass .
Taking the phone apart, the narrator explores its ability to make mobile payments, in light of reports that Apple has deals with Visa, Mastercard and American Express to turn its new phone into a mobile wallet. The phone's interior has space for an updated A8 processor and a Near Field Communication module, which could be used to make mobile payments happen -- but the narrator doesn't actually have those components.
Interior could include an NFC module for mobile payments
A video released last week by designer Feld & Volk also previewed a 4.7-inch iPhone, but didn't go inside the device. Footage of a 5.5-inch model was released by French site Nowhereelse.fr on Monday, but only revealed the phone's casing.
(h/t Business Insider )
More:

Makdee  Iqbal actor arrested for prostitution says she was short on moneyMakdee, Iqbal actor arrested for prostitution says she was short on money
Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 03, 2014
First Published: 17:05 IST(3/9/2014) | Last Updated: 21:23 IST(4/9/2014)
Comments
You might remember Shweta Basu Prasad, the 11-year-old lead actor in Vishal Bhardwaj’s 2002 film Makdee — a performance that won her the National Film Award for Best Child Artist. In an ­unfortunate turn of events, the actor, now 23, was ­arrested, after the police caught her in a prostitution racket at a Hyderabad hotel over the weekend.
“Shweta Prasad was arrested on Sunday, and has been sent to a Government Rehabilitation Home. She will be in remand for some time now. The chargesheet will be filed within the next 10 days,” ­confirms a senior inspector of Banjara Hills police ­station in Hyderabad, requesting anonymity. He adds that the police acted on a tip-off and a Mumbai ­businessman, along with some others were also ­arrested in the raid.
Sweta Basu Prasad in a still from a film. Since her last Bollywood outing eight years ago, Shweta has worked in a Telugu and a Bengali film.
In a statement to the daily Deccan Chronicle, Shweta, who also worked in Nagesh Kukunoor’s Iqbal (2005), Vaah! Life Ho Toh Aisi! (2005) Ram Gopal Varma’s Darna Zaroori Hai (2006) and ­popular tele soaps, Kahani Ghar Ghar Ki and Karishma Kaa Karishma,  has said that she took the step because of financial reasons. “I have made wrong choices in my career and I was out of money. I had to support my family and some other good causes. All doors were closed and some people encouraged me to get into prostitution to earn money. I was helpless and with no option left to choose (from), I got involved in this. I’m not the only one who faced this problem and there are several other heroines who have gone through this phase,” she said.
Since her last Bollywood outing eight years ago, Shweta has worked in a Telugu and a Bengali film. According to reports, the actor was earlier, too, caught in a compromising position during a sting operation by a Telugu channel.
Actor Kiran Karmakar, who played her father in Kahani Ghar Ghar Ki says he is shocked. “She was like my daughter. I wish she comes out of this problem soon.”

Sensex trades flat; capital goods stocks dropUpdated: September 4, 2014 10:10 IST
Sensex trades flat; capital goods stocks drop
IANS
market and exchange
A benchmark index of Indian equities markets Thursday was trading flat at 17.65 points or 0.07 percent down as capital goods stocks dropped.
Good buying was observed in healthcare and fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) sectors, while selling pressure was seen in capital goods and auto sectors.
The 30-scrip Sensitive Index (Sensex) of the S&P Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), which opened at 27,164.95 points, was trading at 27,122.29 points (at 09.20 a.m.) in the early session, down 17.65 points or 0.07 percent from the previous day’s close at 27,139.94 points.
The Sensex touched a high of 27,169.12 points and a low of 27,101.51 points in the trade so far.
The S&P BSE healthcare index gained 56.45 points and FMCG index got augmented by 30.57 points. However, capital goods index slipped by 86.28 points and auto index fell by 53.67 points.
The wider 50-scrip Nifty of the National Stock Exchange (NSE) also trading flat at 11.10 points or 0.14 percent down at 8,103.50 points.

Shahdara MLA shot at outside residence  but escapes unhurtBJP MLA Jitender Singh Shunty with wife outside his Jhilmil Colony house on Wednesday. ( Source: Express photo by Amit Mehra )
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 4, 2014 2:10 am
On Wednesday morning, BJP MLA from Shahdara Jitender Singh Shunty was attacked by an unidentified gunman who fired at least four shots at him. Shunty, however, managed to dodge the bullets, which hit the walls of his house in Jhilmil Colony, East Delhi.
Police said the attacker fled, but was spotted by several residents of the area while he was leaving in a Hyundai Verna, parked slightly away from Shunty’s residence.
At the time of the incident, the MLA’s two personal security guards from the Punjab Police were sleeping inside the house.
The shooting was captured on a CCTV camera installed in the area by Shunty a year ago. Police have taken the CCTV footage but the image, investigating officers said, is highly grainy. The CCTV footage shows the gunman checking his pistol near Shunty’s house, just seconds before he knocks on the door, police said.
Around 5.20 am, a young man knocked on his door, for his signature to attest a document, Shunty said while speaking to reporters minutes after the incident.
Shunty said he opened the door and met the man, who seemed to be in mid-30s and was wearing a helmet. The man claimed he had an early morning interview for which the attestation was urgent.
“I asked him if I could go through the documents, but the assailant held me by my collar instead. Before I could react, I saw him pull out a pistol from his pocket. I pushed him and immediately ran inside the house. The automatic door closed and so the bullets missed me,” Shunty told reporters.
The bullets hit the wall and the window panes of Shunty’s house. His son Manish told Newsline that he was woken up by the sound of the gunshots.
He said he rushed downstairs and saw his father panting.
“When I heard the sound, I knew it was a gunshot. Fortunately, my father escaped unhurt. A shopkeeper who had just opened his shop saw the assailant get into a Hyundai Verna. He told us that the car had a Haryana registration number. The Punjab Police guards were sleeping because their duty starts at 8 am. Those who are involved in the attack were fully aware that my father wakes up early for a walk,” Manish said.
The district DCP and Joint CP of the range visited Shunty’s house to inspect the crime scene. Several teams have been formed to identify the assailant.
Shunty told police that the gunman spoke in a Haryanvi dialect. Police have recovered the gunman’s helmet from a nearby park, adjacent to the spot where the car had reportedly been parked.
A case of attempt to murder has been registered at the Vivek Vihar police station. “We are conducting the investigation at continued…

Jaiprakash Associates falls 20% as Jaypee Infra sells 1.3 cr sharesApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Celebrity Hacker Could Face Lengthy Prison Sentence If CaughtCelebrity Hacker Could Face Lengthy Prison Sentence If Caught
Posted:
reddit
Gymnast McKayla Maroney poses after winning the gold medal in the vault final on day six of the Artistic Gymnastics World Championships Belgium 2013, held at the Antwerp Sports Palace on October 5, 2013 in Antwerpen, Belgium. (Photo by Dean Mouhtaropoulos/Getty Images
The person who leaked naked photos of about 100 female celebrities this past weekend, including the actress Jennifer Lawrence and the model Kate Upton, could face an array of criminal charges and dozens of years in prison if caught.
The FBI is investigating the leaked photos that spread across the Internet on Sunday, and Apple said it is working with law enforcement because the images were allegedly stolen from iCloud accounts.
The identity of the hacker or hackers is still unknown. But if previous celebrity hacking cases are any indication, those responsible for stealing and leaking the photos could face numerous charges, including computer hacking, wiretapping and identity theft . The hacking charges alone carry a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison for each count, according to Mark D. Rasch, a former federal cybercrime prosecutor.
The hacker also potentially faces charges of distributing child pornography -- which carry a maximum sentence of up to 20 years in prison for each count -- because one of the victims, Olympic gymnast McKayla Maroney, was reportedly underage when the photos were taken.
"If you charge them with computer hacking for each unauthorized access to a computer and the theft of every single picture they stole, you could impose a sentence of hundreds of years," Rasch said.
However, many hackers plead guilty to receive reduced sentences, and authorities must first catch the person or people responsible. Rasch said celebrity hackers “tend to be a little easier to catch” than other hackers because they like to brag about their work in chat rooms. In the latest case, Apple says the celebrities' accounts were breached individually, which Rasch said could have created more opportunities for the hacker to leave behind digital clues.
“He hacked many different accounts, so all he had to do is mess up once to leave a trail,” Rasch said. "There's enough publicity and people looking for him to make it fairly likely he will get caught."
If the hacker is caught and convicted, the punishment would depend on sentencing guidelines that consider factors such as whether this was his first offense, the number of photos stolen, how widely the images were distributed and the dollar value of the damage caused, Rasch said.
In recent celebrity hacking cases, the prison sentences have ranged from less than a year to a full decade.
The hacker who broke into Paris Hilton's cell phone in 2005 and leaked her contacts' phone numbers on the Internet was just a teenager. He was sentenced later that year to 11 months in a juvenile facility.
In March 2014, Jared Abrahams, 20, was sentenced to 18 months in prison after pleading guilty to hacking the computers of several women, including a former Miss Teen USA, and secretly photographing them. Abrahams had threatened to post the pictures online unless the women sent him nude photos and videos as part of a so-called “sextortion” scheme.
In what appears to be the most punitive sentence thus far in a celebrity hacking case, Christopher Chaney was sentenced to 10 years in prison in 2012 for hacking the email accounts of about 50 celebrities, including actress Scarlett Johansson and pop singer Christina Aguilera. Chaney also posted nude photos of Johansson online.
Prosecutors asked for a six-year sentence after Chaney pleaded guilty, but a judge sentenced him to 10 years instead, saying Chaney had shown a "callous disregard" for his actions.
At Chaney’s sentencing hearing, Johansson gave a tearful videotaped statement that was played in court.
"I have been truly humiliated and embarrassed,” Johansson said . “I find Christopher Chaney's actions to be perverted and reprehensible."
More:

BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty fall from life-time highs on profit bookingApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Selfie-centric Phone Among New Microsoft OfferingsJack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
Berlin:
Microsoft will seek to draw more people to its Internet-based services with two new mid-range smartphones it unveiled Thursday, including one designed to help people take better selfies.
The devices are under the Lumia brand Microsoft bought from Nokia. They run the latest version of Windows Phone 8 and feature Cortana, a Siri-like voice assistant available to help with directions, calendar appointments and messages. Many of those interactions will steer users to Microsoft services such as Bing search and OneDrive storage.
Chris Weber, Microsoft's vice president for mobile devices sales, insisted consumers should feel comfortable about storing their personal pictures on OneDrive, despite the recent exposure of celebrities' private pictures stored on rival Apple's cloud-based system.
"I think we have to amplify the message around security regarding these cloud services," Weber told reporters.
To this end, Microsoft is also giving users more control over the kind of information - friends, diaries, home address - that the Cortana voice assistant will have access to, he said.
Microsoft bought Nokia's phone business in April as it seeks to boost Microsoft's Windows Phone system, which has had little traction compared with Apple's iPhones and Google's Android system. Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella has made mobile phones and Internet-based services priorities for the company as its traditional businesses - Windows and Office software installed on desktops - slow down or decline.
Microsoft unveiled the new Lumia 730 and 830 phones at the IFA technology show in Berlin.
The handsets won't have all the technical advances found in Microsoft's pricier flagship, the Lumia 930 phone, which is known as the Lumia Icon in the United States. The 730's rear camera takes 6.7 megapixel shots, while the 830 is 10 megapixels. By contrast, the 930 phone is at 20 megapixels, one of the highest in a smartphone.
But the 730, in particular, will have features designed for better selfies and video calls. The front camera used for selfies will be 5 megapixels, higher than the 2 megapixels found in the 830 and many other phones.
For even better shots, it'll be possible to take selfies with the rear camera. Users won't be able to see themselves on the screen, but an app called Lumia Selfie will use face-detection technology and beeps to guide users on where to hold the camera. Samsung's upcoming Note phones will have a similar feature, along with software to stitch multiple shots on the front camera to fit more people in.
The latest Lumia devices will also pander to users' vanity, by offering functions to make them look slimmer, brighten teeth and widen tired eyes on photos they've taken.
The 830 has a 5-inch screen, measured diagonally, and supports 4G LTE cellular networks. It will cost about 330 euros ($435) before tax, compared with 440 euros for the Samsung Galaxy S5 and 515 euros for the iPhone 5.
"We are going to challenge Apple and Samsung," said Weber. "We are going to continue to push price points lower," he added, while rejecting the idea that the phones are being sold at a loss simply to attract customers to Microsoft's operating system.
The new phones will start shipping in September, though not necessarily right away in all markets. Typically, Lumia phones make it to the U.S. under different model numbers.
Story first published on: September 04, 2014 18:02 (IST)

PAMP to Set Up Duty Free Gold Shop at Delhi AirportYou are here: Home Corporates
PAMP to Set Up Duty Free Gold Shop at Delhi International Airport
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 04, 2014 17:22 (IST)
Jack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
New Delhi:
World's leading bullion brand PAMP will set up duty-free gold shop at the Indira Gandhi International Airport here.
The government cleared the proposal of PAMP Gold LLC, Dubai for 100 per cent foreign direct investment (FDI) for setting up the duty-free shop of gold and silver metals at the airport.
The proposal was approved after the same was cleared by the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB), the Finance Ministry said.
In all, the government gave its approval to 22 FDI proposals worth Rs 3,248.83 crore.
Innisfree Cosmetics India too has got approval to undertake single brand retail trading of Innisfree products.
Innisfree is a Korean naturalism cosmetic brand.
KSK Energy Ventures Ltd, with 74.94 per cent foreign equity and engaged in the business of investing company, has been given permission to issue and allot warrants to foreign promoters. The proposal entails investment of Rs 1,050 crore.
Norway-based Telenor, through Telenor South Asia Investment Pte (Singapore), has got the nod to increase its shareholding in Telewings Communication (Uninor) to 100 per cent from the current 74 per cent. The proposal is worth Rs 78 crore.
FIPB has also cleared the proposal of InterGlobe Aviation, holding company of IndiGo. This would clear the way for fresh foreign direct investment in air carrier IndiGo.
In a cashless transaction, InterGlobe Aviation will issue 147,000 equity shares having face value of Rs 1,000 to NRI owners of Caelum in in proportion to the voting units held by them.
The approval is also likely pave the way for IndiGo to come out with its IPO. The air carrier has been planning to attract additional investment for several months.
Government has also cleared proposal of Religare Credit Investments Trust. It has sought nod for foreign investment of up to Rs 500 crore by Religare India Credit Assets Fund, Netherlands in the Class A units of Religare Credit Opportunities Fund Scheme I, an AIF Category II Fund.
Other proposals which have been cleared include that of Gurgaon-based Baxter (India) (pharma firm), ARKRAY Healthcare (pharma), Verdant Telemetry & Antenna Systems (defence), Genpact India (IT) and Innisfree Cosmetics India (trading).
The Finance Ministry further said a decision on nine FDI proposals, which were taken up by the FIPB on August 1, has been deferred. These include those of HBM Private Equity India, Intas Pharmaceuticals and Verizon Communications India Pvt Ltd.
Story first published on: September 04, 2014 17:20 (IST)

Al Qaeda forms India unit  threatens to attack Gujarat  KashmirApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Tata Value Homes Sells 85 Houses on SnapdealYou are here: Home Corporates
Tata Value Homes Sells 85 Houses Worth Rs 40 Crore on Snapdeal
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 04, 2014 19:43 (IST)
Jack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
New Delhi:
Tata Value Homes, focused on affordable housing, has sold 85 houses worth Rs 40 crore in six days under its partnership with e-commerce major Snapdeal.
On August 28, Tata Value Homes launched an exclusive offer on Snapdeal, offering Rs 10,000 per month for a year as an assured rent (whether owners stay on premise or lease it out).
"We are overwhelmed and amazed with response from customers, we have sold 85 units of Tata Value Homes worth Rs 40 crore on Snapdeal. This has reaffirmed our belief that the customer has adapted to online home purchase as easily as other categories," Snapdeal VP (Fashion) Amit Maheshwari told PTI.
As part of the partnership, houses across projects in cities like Mumbai, Pune, Ahmedabad, Bangalore and Chennai were put up for sale on Snapdeal. Ranging from 1 BHK to 3 BHK, the houses are priced between Rs 18?70 lakh.
Interested customers could book their houses for Rs 30,000.
"Our research shows 70 per cent of our customers search online before buying a home. We strongly believe that India is ready to buy homes online," Tata Housing Development Company senior vice president (marketing & sales) A Harikesh said.
The phenomenal response received from the customers during the launch of our partnership with Snapdeal is a testimony to this belief, he added.
Tata Value Homes, a subsidiary of Tata Housing Development Company, sells houses through its own portal as well.
Tata Value Homes would continue to sell through Snapdeal even though the offer would not be available.
Story first published on: September 04, 2014 19:42 (IST)

Musk s Tesla gigafactory reportedly on track for NevadaMusk's Tesla gigafactory reportedly on track for Nevada
Musk's Tesla gigafactory reportedly on track for Nevada
Bloomberg's Betty Liu reports that Elon Musk is said to have chosen Nevada as the location for his gigfactory to produce Tesla vehicles and batteries.
Bloomberg's Betty Liu reports that Elon Musk is said to have chosen Nevada as the location for his gigfactory to produce Tesla vehicles and batteries.
Bloomberg's Betty Liu reports that Elon Musk is said to have chosen Nevada as the location for his gigfactory to produce Tesla vehicles and batteries.
This video is featured in these articles:

No More Secrets: Swiss Banks Learn to Shape UpECB Unveils Surprise Package to Shore Up Euro Zone
Zurich:
Switzerland's allure as a place to stash cash has been badly damaged by a US-led campaign against tax cheats, and the country's roughly 140 private banks can no longer rely on a reputation for secrecy to attract wealthy customers.
To try and compensate for the hundreds of billions of Swiss francs withdrawn in the wake of the tax probes, banks that once relied on word-of-mouth referral have brushed up their sales pitches and hit the road to attract new clients, particularly in Asia, the world's fastest production line for multi-millionaires and billionaires.
"The key paradigm shift is that, in the old days, Swiss private banking imported clients," said Zeno Staub, the chief executive of Swiss bank Vontobel. "Now we export services."
To compete across borders, banks either need scale, or a specialist niche. Industry experts expect a gradual wave of takeovers and closures to shrink the sector, possibly by up to a third, once long-running US tax investigations involving dozens of banks conclude. Some are expected to be wrapped up in the next 12 months, but others could drag on.
The tectonic shifts expected in an industry steeped in hundreds of years of tradition prompted speculation last week of a tie-up between Credit Suisse, the country's second-biggest bank, and Julius Baer, its third-largest listed wealth manager.
Analysts questioned the logic of such a takeover for Credit Suisse, which only recently agreed to pay $2.6 billion to settle a tax probe with the United States, hollowing out its reserves for such a big deal.
Julius Baer is in the midst of its own US criminal investigation for aiding tax evasion, and a source familiar with the matter said the case for a deal between the two banks was weak for now and that any possible merger would be at least two to five years away.
But the speculation of such a tie-up underlines the sense of change afoot in the wood-panelled private banks of Geneva and Zurich, from which rich clients withdrew a net 350 billion Swiss francs ($381 billion) between 2008 and 2014, according to an estimate from accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Profits have been eroded by the outflows and clients' preference for low-risk holdings, which generate weaker returns for banks. The number of loss-making banks rose by almost 50 per cent in 2013 to 34 compared to a year ago, according to a study by auditor KPMG that looked at 94 Swiss private banks.
The KPMG study, which excluded some big banks like UBS and Credit Suisse, also showed private banks' return on equity - a key measure of profitability - fell by more than 75 per cent between 2006 and 2013.
Boned-up Bankers
Before the 2007-08 financial crisis and subsequent increase in regulatory vigilance, not much had fundamentally changed in the world of Switzerland's often family-run private banks since the Napoleonic era. Customers came to Zurich and Geneva to park their money, and the bankers did not have to do much to keep it.
Once-a-year meetings with clients left plenty of time for long lunches and afternoon tipples.
Now, with the threat of hefty sanctions for tax evasion and customers anxious for returns in an era of record low interest rates, bankers have to bone up on investment trends and regulatory small print.
"We're moving from what we would call an asset-gathering business to an advice and investment management business," said Anthony Cerquone, the global head of human resources at UBS's wealth management arm. "The asset gathering was much less active than our model today."
UBS' client advisors have to complete a wealth management diploma to sharpen up their advisory skills and their awareness of compliance, on top of having a chief investment officer who sets the bank's 'House View' on investments.
At Geneva-based Lombard Odier the most popular internal training programmes are on client interaction, and risk and compliance, a bank spokesman said.
Lombard Odier and crosstown rival Pictet & Cie broke with more than two centuries of tradition last week when they published financial results for the first time.
The two banks, both still partially run by their founding families, had to make the disclosures after changing their structure to limited partnerships, which cap their partners' exposure to potential fines from US tax probes.
Indigestion
Rum tales of how Swiss banks helped clients evade taxes - such as smuggling a client's diamonds into the United States in a toothpaste tube - have hurt their reputation in North America, but among China's monied classes, they still have cachet.
"The Swiss name, Swiss banks still appeal to a lot of them. After 2008, a lot of them had bad experiences with big banks," said Ang Eng Hieang, a veteran of Singapore's private banking industry, who joined Swiss bank Bordier & Cie in 2012 as executive director.
Since 2009, when the veil of Swiss banking secrecy was first lifted after UBS agreed to pay $780 million in fines and pass on information about tax-evading US citizens, the country's big banks have been channelling resources into Asia.
UBS, the world's largest private bank, has cut staff numbers by almost 11 per cent in Switzerland, while growing numbers in Asia Pacific by 7.4 per cent. Credit Suisse has cut the number of relationship managers in Switzerland by 15 per cent since 2009, but bulked up its headcount in Asia Pacific by almost a third.
Bordier & Cie has spent the past two years trying to build up an Asian business from scratch, and around 15 per cent of account holders are now from Asia.
The bank helps advise clients on a wide range of investment matters from bond yields and Tokyo property prices to pieces of art from China's cultural revolution and charges a relationship fee and a transaction fee for its services.
"We seek to be transparent; we show our clients where our products are from, and we show them our mark-up," said Ang. "We want to be a trusted intermediary."
Back in Switzerland, the industry is still coming to terms with the new open landscape.
"The industry is still digesting the legacy situation," said Vontobel's Staub. "As we all know, when we have eaten too much, digesting takes a bit of time."
($1 = 0.9191 Swiss franc)

11 Reasons Men Leave Their Marriagesreddit
Marriages don't just fall apart overnight. They often end after months and years of both spouses trying to stick it out, firm in the belief that they can work out their issues and sustain their marriages.
Once it's over, though, most divorcés can look back and pinpoint one exact moment -- one overblown argument or one instance where their spouse showed his or her true colors  -- that should have signaled to them that the marriage was damaged beyond repair.
On Tuesday, divorced men on Reddit shared the moment they realized their relationship didn't stand a chance. See some of the most interesting responses below.
1. When he got tired of her outbursts.
"I had a car accident. Lost my job. I was still depressed about family member passing away. My wife decides she really wants a gold watch that costs $999. I tell her I can't afford to spend money on something like that in our current situation. She shuts herself in the bathroom to cry. That was the first time I didn't react to that tactics. She comes out few hours later and asks me outright if I want a divorce. That wasn't even on my mind until that point, but that was the moment I knew."
2. When the trust was gone.
"It was when I caught myself photographing street signs on my 25-minute journey home from work so that there would be a timestamp of the entire route to disprove constant accusations that I was cheating on her... After that, I just left."
3. When his wife became a glorified roommate.
"The last year together we felt more like roommates than lovers . She stopped being interested in spending time with me, we stopped showering together and began sleeping at opposite times. She was generally unhappy all of the time. I really wanted to salvage the marriage, but I knew it was over when she finally told me that she just didn't love me."
4. When the math didn't add up.
"Came home from a seven-month deployment overseas to find a five-month pregnant wife. I'm no mathematician but I figured that one out."
5. When he was suffering from depression and she laughed it off.
"I was telling her about how depressed and hopeless I was feeling . I described it partially as an existential crisis. She laughed at me. She literally laughed in my face regarding my pain. That was the day I realized I didn't really matter to her."
6. When he realized she didn't believe in his dreams.
"Five years ago, I told her I wanted to get out of the military and study to become a doctor. She's a scientist but she acted like it was the most ridiculous thing I could ever try to do. Her exact words were, 'You can't just decide to be a doctor.' Imagine researching and thinking about something for an entire year and then telling your best friend your hopes and dreams and they just look at you like you're silly ... I started med school four weeks ago. I'm not bitter but she's going to be really f*cking surprised if she ever decides to do some Google stalking."
7. When he disagreed with her on how they'd raise their future children.
"When my wife stated that any children we had would be homeschooled by her (she never graduated high school) and weren't going to get vaccinations. This was non-negotiable. I was young at the time and honestly, it never occurred to me until we had that discussion how much it meant to me. I (naively) figured it was a given."
8. When he became indifferent to the cheating.
"The precise moment was a few months ago when her long and frequent infidelities stopped making me furious. The anger switched off and I realized, it's finally over, thank God. I can now plan the end of this toxic marriage."
9. When he decided to put his daughter first.
"My second wife and I got along great, but over time the relationship she had with my daughter from a previous marriage got worse and worse. I tried not to blame her; she just wasn't ready to be a mom to someone else's child. It was hard to accept that, though. We tried counseling briefly but she felt counseling was for 'crazy people and she [wasn't] crazy.' Eventually, my daughter and I left. I hoped she would change her mind and decide to work things out with us, but it didn't happen. I had to do what was right for my daughter even if it hurt."
10. When he realized that having hobbies of his own was off-limits.
"My ex and I were watching 'Knocked Up.' It came to the scene where the wife is tracking the husband down to catch him while he was 'cheating.' Turns out, he had just snuck off to go to a baseball draft. My ex turned to me and said, 'See how terrible and selfish he is for sneaking around like that?' I looked at her and said, 'See how terrible she is for oppressing his hobbies and dreams so much that he has to resort to sneaking around in order to enjoy them?' I realized right then that she'd done that to me. She had oppressed me, chained me with guilt over my hobbies being immature and childish. She guilt-tripped me because my hobbies took time away from her. Meanwhile, she would never take up any hobbies or interests of her own despite me encouraging her."
11. When he had the commute from hell and she didn't care.
"I had to work late one dark winter night, missed my regular train, took a loooong bus and had to walk home a couple of miles from the bus stop in the freezing cold. She couldn't be bothered to come pick me up because she didn't want to leave her yoga class early. It had been 20 years of bad stuff, but that was the night I decided it was over. She realized what she had done later, but it was too late then."
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter . Sign up for our newsletter here .
Also on HuffPost:

Tesla said to select Nevada for its first battery GigafactoryTesla said to select Nevada for its first battery Gigafactory
Tesla gigafactory graphic
Tesla breaks ground on gigafactory outside of Reno, Nevada.
Tesla's electric car battery gigafactory to provide economic boost for Nevada.
Musk: Gigafactory will reduce li-ion battery costs 30 percent, make Tesla evs more affordable.
Tesla Motors, which has broken ground on a potential site in Nevada for its planned massive battery factory, will proceed with building the first such facility there, said two people familiar with the matter.
Musk's Tesla gigafactory reportedly on track for Nevada
Bloomberg's Betty Liu reports that Elon Musk is said to have chosen Nevada as the location for his gigfactory to produce Tesla vehicles and batteries.
Bloomberg's Betty Liu reports that Elon Musk is said to have chosen Nevada as the location for his gigfactory to produce Tesla vehicles and batteries.
See more videos
Representatives from the electric-car maker led by billionaire entrepreneur Elon Musk are to attend the event with Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval set for 4 p.m. local time on Thursday in Carson City, Tesla spokesman Simon Sproule said in a phone interview. He declined to confirm whether Musk would attend or elaborate on what will be announced. Tesla said in August it began initial preparation work at a site near Reno.
"We continue to work with the state of Nevada, and look forward to joining the governor and the legislature tomorrow," Sproule said. While Musk has said his intention is to break ground at more than one site for the lithium-ion battery factory, Sproule declined to say whether other states are still being considered.
With plans to invest as much as $5 billion in the facility and the possibility of 6,500 direct jobs, the Tesla factory ranks as one of the largest new industrial projects in the U.S. The Palo Alto, Calif.-based company had also named Arizona, California, New Mexico and Texas as potential sites, triggering an incentive fight among the Southwestern states.
Musk has set a goal for Tesla to eventually sell at least 500,000 electric cars and supply stationary battery packs to store power from solar panels for homes and businesses. The company will eventually need more than one Gigafactory, Musk told Bloomberg in April.
The Nevada project won't be the last such factory for Tesla, said one of the people who asked not to be named as the matter isn't yet public.
Sandoval, a Republican, will discuss a "major economic development" in a press conference Thursday at the state capitol, the governor's website said in a statement. Jennifer Cooper, a spokeswoman for Sandoval, declined to elaborate on what he'll say.
Sandoval wants state legislators to schedule a special session to approve incentives for the Tesla factory, according to a report by KSNV, a Las Vegas television station.
@jimmyjay1 - would you prefer it if Tesla went to Mexico to build their cars and all the people they employ would lose their jobs?
Naperville64

Microsoft  Publishers Try to Stop Google-EU DealJack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
Brussels:
Google's antitrust deal with EU regulators was criticised by Microsoft and other competitors in a last-ditch attempt to influence European Competition Commissioner Joaquin Almunia before he leaves office at the end of October.
The Competition Commissioner is preparing to decide whether to wrap up the case or hand it over to his successor when his mandate ends, after spending three years examining whether Google squeezes out rival services in online search results.
Almunia reached a preliminary deal with the world's most popular Internet search engine in February. He has told 18 complainants that he intends to rebuff their grievances and is now examining their responses.
Microsoft's director of competition law, Jean-Yves Art, said the US software company was particularly concerned about Google's contractual curbs on advertisers making it difficult for them to switch to other online platforms.
"The proposals don't cure or eliminate all restrictions that we and rivals see. There are still restrictions preventing them from providing interoperability," he said at a news conference organised by a host of Google complainants.
The head of British price-comparison site Foundem, Shivaun Raff, said the Commission had no evidence that Google's offer to let three rivals display their logos and web links in a box and allow content providers to decide what material Google can use for its own services would resolve competition issues.
"(Google's proposals) are not a remedy. They are a catastrophic escalation of the abuse," Raff said.
The case has become highly politicised, with sources saying about a third of Almunia's colleagues in the Commission are opposed to the deal. Sources told Reuters the EU may close the current case and open another one into Google's Android mobile operating system.
Almunia's spokesman Antoine Colombani declined to comment. Google spokesman Al Verney said: "We've co-operated fully with the European Commission's investigation over the last four years. Our proposal addresses all of the EC's concerns, and greatly increases the visibility of rival services."
Also at the meeting were representatives from newspapers and magazine publishers across Europe, online travel site Expedia and several complainants from Germany and Britain.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Providence sells 2.4% stake in Idea for Rs 1 414 croreApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Jefferies: independent living© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/3195a3c2-343b-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bloomberg: a private matter© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/a9921a2e-344d-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ECB cuts rates  offers new credit scheme as growth evaporatesUpdated: September 5, 2014 00:19 IST
ECB cuts rates, offers new credit scheme as growth evaporates
Reuters
AP President of European Central Bank (ECB) Mario Draghi talks during a news conference in Frankfurt, Germany, on Thursday, following a meeting of the ECB governing council.
TOPICS
interest rate
The European Central Bank cut interest rates to a fresh record low on Thursday and launched a new scheme to push money into the flagging euro zone economy.
In a series of measures underscoring growing concern about the currency bloc’s health, the ECB cut its main refinancing rate to 0.05 per cent from 0.15 per cent previously and drove the overnight deposit rate deeper into negative territory, now charging banks 0.20 per cent to park funds with it. The euro zone flatlined in the second quarter of the year and the Ukraine crisis is now weighing heavily on business confidence.
“The Governing Council sees the risks surrounding the economic outlook for the euro area on the downside,” ECB President Mario Draghi told a news conference. “In particular, the loss in economic momentum may dampen private investment, and heightened geopolitical risks could have a further negative impact on business and consumer confidence.”
New ECB economic forecasts predicted slower growth this year, of just 0.9 per cent, picking up to 1.6 per cent in 2015.
He added that Thursday’s decisions were not supported unanimously by his colleagues although there was a ‘comfortable majority’.
Draghi also announced plans for an asset-backed securities and covered bond purchase programme to help ease credit conditions in the bloc.

Divest interest in PSUs amid ambitious stake sale plansApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

India and Australia: Ties that bindeconomy, business and finance
My visit to India reflects Australia’s desire for India to be in the first rank of Australia’s relations
Australia and India have always been comfortable in each other’s presence. We share a democratic heritage, the same language and have stood side by side through the global conflicts of the last century. Surprisingly, despite the deep ties that bind, we are not as close as we should be. My visit to India reflects Australia’s desire for India to be in the first rank of Australia’s relations.
India is a democratic superpower and we are bound together by strongly convergent interests. We are both countries situated in the most dynamic region on the planet, where the centre of economic and strategic gravity is shifting to the Indo-Pacific.
India is at the heart of this extraordinary change. I first visited India as a 23-year-old and spent time travelling around this amazing country: through Mumbai, Rajasthan, Delhi, Kashmir and then Bihar.
The nation I saw then has been transformed.
India has lifted hundreds of millions into the middle class, creating new opportunities, better lives and expanding horizons for countless people. This is an inspiration to the world.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi won a powerful mandate this year to build on this record of achievement. At its core is a focus on economic growth, jobs and skills.
I know what he means because this is my focus for Australia. That is why I say “Australia is open for business” and Prime Minister Modi says, “ Come. Make in India .”
As Chair of the G20 this year, I have made economic growth and growth creation the key themes of our deliberations and efforts.
International trade and investment enriches our people and helps build our nations. Australia and India have seen this across almost every field of economic endeavour.
Australian resources like coal, LNG and uranium will help provide India’s energy security for decades to come. I welcome our conclusion of a bilateral Civil Nuclear Agreement which will support India’s energy needs.
Our resources are fuelling India’s prosperity, just as India buying our resources and investing in our resources sector is supporting Australian growth and jobs. This is why I was particularly pleased by my government’s recent approval of the Adani Group’s development of the Carmichael coal deposit in Queensland. This mine will be one of the largest in the world.
Providing high-quality education
One of the highest priorities of any government is to provide accessible and quality education. Australia and India have decades of cooperation in supporting stronger education for our people. Half of Australia’s universities have a presence in India. Last year, 36,000 Indian students came to study in Australia, with a 15 per cent rise in applications this year.
Our skills providers are active in India, working to help meet Prime Minister Modi’s focus on vocational skills training for hundreds of millions of young Indians. I am committed to strengthening this positive trajectory.
We cannot forget that many Indian and Australian livelihoods remain in farming, and that food security remains a pressing concern for India. Australia’s world-class agricultural sector can support India all the way from better crop and herd productivity to storage and transport, cold chain supply, food-processing and retail.
Improving infrastructure
Mr. Modi and I both refer to ourselves as Prime Ministers for infrastructure. My government will spend tens of billions to expand Australia’s economic horizons. Similar spending is to occur in India.
From construction companies to city and system design, green technologies and financing, this presents our companies with significant opportunities in each other’s countries. With the third largest funds under management in the world, Australia can become a financing powerhouse for India.
Opportunities also exist in health, Information Technology, biotechnology and other sectors. It has never been a better time for bilateral trade and investment. India is already Australia’s fifth largest export market. I aim to improve this, for both sides.
As we are all aware, the shift of economic weight to the Indo-Pacific region is accompanied by strategic change. Here too, on strategic and security matters, Australian and Indian interests are converging as never before, namely, to protect and promote the stability and prosperity of the Indo-Pacific.
I pay tribute to India’s leadership in this in the Indian Ocean, and to India’s strengthening “Look East” policy as was evident in Prime Minister Modi’s successful visit to Japan.
In this endeavour, we are not alone. Australia and India have shared interests in continued U.S. engagement in the region, just as we both do in China which makes a positive contribution to stability and prosperity in the Indo-Pacific.
As our partnership grows because of this new strategic dynamic, so will our security and defence cooperation — which is why I am pleased by our agreement for regular navy-to-navy exercises, given the growing importance of the maritime sphere.
Ultimately, what all relationships amount to is how our people interact with one another. Over 4,00,000 people of Indian heritage now live in Australia and India is our largest source of migrants. Last year nearly 2,00,000 Indians visited Australia and a similar number of Australians went to India. We welcome tens of thousands of Indian students and will send more Australians your way.
It is the bonds of our people that will bring us closer than ever and it is these bonds that I will celebrate and encourage during my visit.
(Tony Abbott is on a two-day visit to India.)

Hanging With The Girl-Kings Of One Of The World s Only Matriarchiesreddit
Mawlynnong isn't like the rest of India, or the rest of the world for that matter. Tucked into the jungle of the northeast Indian state of Meghalaya, on the border of Bangladesh, the village is home to the indigenous Khasi people. Theirs is a matrilineal society, where women inherit land, children take their mothers' names, and men marry into their wives' family homes. The setting is also unique: lush, and so well-cared for, tourists across India visit to marvel at the lack of trash .
The inherent visual drama of Mawlynnong wasn't lost on Karolin Klüppel . Last year, the German photographer traveled there to photograph the girls of the village in their homes and outdoors. In her series " Mädchenland ," or "girl-land," Klüppel shows her subjects in classically girlish poses. She did this to highlight how adult they actually are. Indeed, the twist on the iconic visual of a child wearing oversized jewelry more fit for her mother --- the necklace below is made of dried fish skeletons -- is arresting.
In a statement sent to HuffPost, Küppel describes the inverse at play as "a completely opposite impression... namely a certain elevation of the girls above childhood, a strong self-awareness and pronounced air of self-sufficiency." Special shoutout to the girl playing with the severed hooves.
Earlier on HuffPost:
The Spiritual Diversity Of Bolivia
of

Cabinet forms panel to create environment regulatorApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Google to pay $19 million for child app purchasesGoogle has given a tribute to Leo Tolstoy by dedicating a Google Doodle on War and Peace author's 186th birthday .
Google to pay $19 million for child app purchases
AFP
print
Google has agreed to issue at least $19 million in refunds to consumers whose children made app purchases from its Google Play store without parental consent, officials said on Thursday.
The Federal Trade Commission announced that Google agreed to the settlement to resolve a probe into "unfair" practices by billing consumers for charges by children made within kids' apps since 2011.
FTC chairwoman Edith Ramirez said in a statement that in the age of mobile technology, "it's vital to remind companies that time-tested consumer protections still apply, including that consumers should not be charged for purchases they did not authorize."
The in-app charges are a component of many apps available from Google Play and can range from 99 cents to $200, according to the consumer regulatory agency.
In some apps used by children, users are invited to accumulate virtual items but sometimes are billed without the knowledge of their parents.
Google has also agreed to update its practices to ensure that it receives parental consent for the purchases.
The agreement follows a similar deal earlier this year with Apple, which agreed to pay $32.5 million.
The FTC in July sued Amazon as part of its investigation into in-app purchases by children, but no settlement has been announced.

Apple beefs up security after photo leakApple to beef up security measures after nude photo leak
By Charles Riley and Jose Pagliery   @CNNTech September 5, 2014: 10:59 AM ET
 
Dark Web: Nudes traded like baseball cards
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Apple plans to roll out new security features in the coming weeks that are designed to counter the methods used in a mass theft of nude celebrity photos.
The company will use email and push notifications to alert users when someone tries to change an account password, restore cloud data on a new device, or connect an unfamiliar device to an existing Apple account.
Cook told The Journal that the new notifications would start in two weeks, and users would be empowered to take back the accounts immediately.
Apple also plans to widen its use of two-step authentication. That option, available on most email or file-sharing platforms, is a second, temporary password that usually arrives in the form of a text message.
Related story: Welcome to the Age of Hacks
Apple CEO Tim Cook explained the changes in an interview with The Wall Street Journal , his first public comments since private, nude photos of Jennifer Lawrence and other celebrities were leaked on the Internet. An Apple representative confirmed Cook's remarks to CNNMoney.
Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) has concluded hackers were able to force their way into the photo collections through phishing attempts, guessing passwords or figuring out answers to the celebrities' security questions.
Well-guarded systems only let users guess passwords a handful of times before blocking access. But until this week, Apple's iCloud service allowed people to guess passwords over and over again. It would never lock out. Eventually, hackers hit it right.
 
Here's what the cloud actually looks like
Apple assured the public the hackers did not break into the company's core computer systems, which house all of its users' data. So iCloud itself was not hacked.
What's wrong with iCloud? Although iCloud uses two-step authentication to keep hackers out of your account, there's currently a stupidly easy way around that.
Anyone can grab any Apple device, synchronize it with your iCloud account and download all of your private files. All it takes is your username and password. That sounds like a lot, but it's actually the very thing two-step authentication is meant to prevent. For iCloud, two-step authentication is currently useless.
That's why Cook is wrong to say the problem lies with users -- not Apple's system.
"When I step back from this terrible scenario that happened and say what more could we have done, I think about the awareness piece," he told The Journal. "I think we have a responsibility to ratchet that up. That's not really an engineering thing."
But the two-step authentication problem is exactly an engineering problem. Apple did not respond to CNNMoney's requests for comment about that point.

The View  Just Made The Most Radical Overhaul In Its Historyreddit
"The View" completed the most thorough revamping in its history on Wednesday night.
The show announced that it has hired actress Rosie Perez and Republican political consultant Nicolle Wallace to join Whoopi Goldberg and Rosie O'Donnell on its panel. Add to that a new logo, new set and new executive producer and you have a show that barely resembles the one that came before it.
In a way, though, "The View" is also returning to its roots. The show became famous for tackling hot-button political issues, but in the past couple of years it was decided that things had become too stale and polarizing. Divisive hosts Joy Behar and Elisabeth Hasselbeck were dropped, and a new emphasis on entertainment and pop culture was introduced, along with new host Jenny McCarthy.
That iteration of the show lasted one season. Now, "The View" has hired Rachel Maddow's executive producer to steer the ship, and, in Wallace, has signaled that it intends to renew its commitment to covering politics. Capital New York reported on Thursday that "producers for the show are telling bookers that the show will have far fewer segments about celebrities and entertainment, in favor of more serious discussions of current events."
Perez also provides the show with something that creator Barbara Walters had long said she was searching for: a Latina panelist.
The new and drastically overhauled "View" starts on September 15th.
More:

Dreadnoughtus is largest to have walked the EarthNEW YORK, September 5, 2014
Updated: September 5, 2014 04:51 IST
Dreadnoughtus is largest to have walked the Earth
AP
AP A humerus bone, right, and a tibia bone from a Dreadnaughtus schrani in a lab at Drexel University in Philadelphia.
TOPICS
science and technology
Researchers studying the remains of an enormous dinosaur a creature that was bigger than seven bull elephants have given it an equally colossal name — Dreadnoughtus, or “fearing nothing.”
Scientists hope its unusually well-preserved bones will help reveal secrets about some of the largest animals ever to walk the Earth. The four-legged beast, with a long neck and powerful 8.8-metre tail, stretched about 25.9 metres long and weighed about 65 tonnes. That’s more than seven times the weight of even a plus-size male African elephant.
Kenneth Lacovara of Drexel University in Philadelphia found the specimen in Argentina’s southern Patagonia in 2005. Lacovara and colleagues describe the plant-eating behemoth in a study released on Thursday by the journal Scientific Reports. He said the bones were probably around 75 million to 77 million years old. (In picture: a technician next to the femur of the dinosaur.)

Subrata Roy seeks 10 more days to finalise sale of NY  London hotelsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Subrata Roy seeks 10 more days to finalise sale of NY, London hotels
PTI
Sahara chief Subrata Roy (file photo)
New Delhi, Sept 5:  
Sahara chief Subrata Roy has sought 10 more days’ time to finalise the selling of his three luxury hotels in New York and London.
“Negotiations with a buyer are on the verge of collapse and I need to hold talks with three-four other buyers who are in line to buy the properties,” Roy said.
“If time is not extended, the entire deal would be scrapped,” Sahara told the Supreme Court, saying there has been strict opposition to the deal after a report was published on it.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)
Subrata Roy requests early order on plea against detention as mercury soars in Delhi
TOPICS
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Audio

Gold futures decline 0.15% on global cuesGold futures decline 0.15% on global cues
PTI  New Delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 11:26 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 11:28 IST(5/9/2014)
Gold prices fell by 0.15% to Rs. 27,419 per 10 grams in futures trading on Friday as speculators trimmed positions, tracking a weak global trend.
Advertisement
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in October declined by Rs. 42, or 0.15% to Rs. 27,419 per ten gram in business turnover of 230 lots.
Similarly, the metal for delivery in far-month December traded lower by Rs. 36, or 0.13% to Rs. 27,599 per ten gram in 2 lot.
Analysts attributed the fall in gold futures to a weak global trend as the dollar strengthened before data that may back the case for the Federal Reserve to raise borrowing costs at a time when the European Central Bank boosts stimulus.
Meanwhile, gold fell 0.3% to $1,257.36 an ounce, the lowest level since June 10 in Singapore.

Lego overtakes Barbie makers Mattel to lead the game in toy salesLego overtakes Barbie makers Mattel to lead the game in toy sales
AFP  Copenhagen, September 05, 2014
First Published: 12:14 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 13:04 IST(5/9/2014)
Danish toy maker Lego has taken the top spot as the world's biggest maker of toys by sales, overtaking Barbie doll-maker Mattel, its first-half results showed on Thursday.
First-half sales rose 11.0% to 11.5 billion kroner (1.55 billion euros, $2.03 billion).
Performance was boosted by the Lego Movie product line which was launched together with the group's eponymous feature film earlier this year.
"It is too early to say if the strong performance will be reflected in the full year results," chief financial officer John Goodwin said in a statement.
"The majority of Lego sales to consumers happen in the second half of the calendar year in a short time span of a few weeks leading up to the holiday season," he said.
A visitor (C) sits among life size female figures made from Lego blocks at the annual International Tokyo Toy Show in Tokyo on June 13, 2013. (AFP Photo)
Net profit rose 14% to 2.7 billion kroner, also putting it ahead of Mattel, which reported disappointing first-half results in July as sales of Barbie continued to decline.
Mattel bought Canadian Lego rival Mega Brands -- which makes plastic building blocks directly in competition with the Danish group's products -- for $460 million in February.
Lego is looking to grow in Asia, where sales are relatively small compared to sales in the mature markets of Europe and North America.
"China saw the most significant growth in consumer sales in the region by more than 50%," the company said.
In April, the Billund-based company opened a new office in Shanghai and began building its first Chinese factory in Jiaxing.
A woman photograps a wall of Barbie dolls in the Mattel display at the annual Toy Fair in New York. (AFP Photo)
Bricks stand up to digital toys
The colourful toy blocks have proved resilient to the rise of digital devices which is battering the traditional toy industry.
But Lego has also been adept at using different channels to engage with children. The group has allowed partners to develop branded video games, and the products are hugely popular on YouTube, where users show off their own Lego creations.
Earlier this year the company announced a globalised management structure that would allow it to tap into greater talent pools and bring it closer to developing economies.
"There is a huge potential in Asia, and we are still learning and in the process of building our capabilities in the region," chief operating officer Bali Padda said.
A young girl builds a structure with giant rubber Lego bricks at Berlin's Legoland Discovery Centre. (AFP Photo)
When Joergen Vig Knudstorp took the helm at the privately held company a decade ago, former chief executive Kjeld Kirk Kristiansen -- grandson of its founder and Denmark's richest man -- had just injected 800 million kroner of his own money.
Since them it has moved out of non-core businesses where it had little expertise, such as clothing, and shifted production into "mid-cost" countries such as Hungary and the Czech Republic.
The Legoland theme parks were spun off and merged with Merlin Entertainment, the private-equity backed owner of Madame Tussauds.
"Our revenue in the first half of 2014 has more than tripled compared to first half year revenue six years ago, in 2008," Knudstorp said.
Lego City, product sets based on city life, Creator, with a focus on creative construction, Technic, which creates more advanced models, and the Star Wars range all continued "to deliver very strong growth globally," he said.

Super Bowl Champs Roll In NFL Season OpenerSeattle Seahawks Defeat Green Bay Packers To Open 2014 NFL Season
 | By                                                                TIM BOOTH
Updated:
09/05/2014  1:59 am EDT
Running back Marshawn Lynch #24 of the Seattle Seahawks scores a touchdown during the second quarter of the game against the Green Bay Packers at CenturyLink Field on September 4, 2014 in Seattle, Washington.  (Photo by Otto Greule Jr/Getty Images) | Otto Greule Jr via Getty Images
SEATTLE (AP) — Russell Wilson made sure everyone knew Percy Harvin was healthy. Marshawn Lynch bullied his way to another 100-yard rushing performance.
And Richard Sherman? He was just bored.
The Super Bowl champion Seattle Seahawks opened the same way they finished last season, with a blowout victory.
"We'll always find something that we can do better," Seattle linebacker Bobby Wagner said. "That's why we're so good."
Lynch ran for 110 yards and two touchdowns, Harvin had 100 combined yards rushing and receiving, and the Seahawks dominated Aaron Rodgers and the Green Bay Packers in a 36-16 victory to kick off the regular season Thursday night.
The memories of last season were revisited, with the championship banner unveiled celebrating Seattle's first title. But the ceremony was brief, a nod to putting last season behind and beginning the process of trying to become the first team in a decade to repeat.
Their effort against the Packers — a popular pick to contend in the NFC — will only reinforce the belief Seattle is still the favorite.
Wilson was outstanding in the first half, including a 33-yard touchdown pass to Ricardo Lockette. Harvin got touches as a receiver, running back and returner. He was used all over the field in different formations after never being fully healthy in his first season with Seattle.
Wilson finished 19 of 28 for 191 yards, while Lynch was at his best. Pete Carroll said earlier this week that Lynch appeared in the best shape of his career, and it showed. Lynch averaged 5.5 yards per carry and topped 100 yards for the 20th time in the regular season since joining the Seahawks in 2010.
Lynch, who ran for 1,257 yards and 12 touchdowns last season, barreled through a trio of Packers for a TD with 3:41 left before halftime to give the Seahawks a 17-10 lead and added a second scoring run on the first play of the fourth quarter.
"Obviously, we were the more physical team today, offensively and defensively. I saw supposedly some of the best players in the league not want to tackle Marshawn Lynch," Seattle defensive end Michael Bennett said. "Of course, nobody is going to say nothing about that, but I seen a lot of guys whiff on tackles that should have been 2-yard gains and they're supposed to be the best."
Seattle had 207 yards rushing as a team and won for the 18th time in its last 20 regular- season home games. Harvin finished with 11 offensive touches, including four rushes for 41 yards.
"If we already peaked this game we're going to be in trouble," Harvin said. "I hope we can just take this game and build on it."
Rodgers was 23 of 33 for 189 yards and was isolated to one side of the field. He looked almost exclusively for Jordy Nelson matched up against Byron Maxwell and never threw in Sherman's direction. Nelson finished with nine receptions, but Maxwell came up with a third-quarter interception on a pass that deflected off Nelson's hands.
The most action for Sherman came in the first half when he accidently blocked Davon House into Earl Thomas on a punt return causing a fumble recovered by the Packers.
But Seattle's defenders did their part. They sacked Rodgers three times, taking advantage of a knee injury suffered by right tackle Bryan Bulaga in the second quarter. His replacement, Derek Sherrod, gave up a fourth-down sack to Cliff Avril to end one drive inside Seattle territory.
Following a Seattle punt, Sherrod was beaten by Michael Bennett on Green Bay's next offensive snap. Rodgers was stripped and Sherrod fell on the fumble in the end zone for a safety and a 22-10 lead.
"I think that you get wake up calls and then you get drill sergeant kick you out the bed calls and I think we just got kicked out the bed onto a cement floor, and it hurt," Green Bay defensive lineman Mike Daniels said.
Eddie Lacy was mostly a non-factor with 34 yards rushing on 12 carries and left in the fourth quarter with a concussion. And despite holding the Packers to 255 total yards — the third fewest by Green Bay since the start of 2012 — Sherman felt the job wasn't up to standard.
"It wasn't dominant at all. We have a lot of things to clean up," Sherman said. "We missed some opportunities on some turnovers. We missed some tackles on key drives we could have stopped we had some key penalties. These are all things we need to clean up because we have a really high standard."
Lynch's second TD put Seattle up 29-10. Rodgers threw a 3-yard scoring pass to Randall Cobb in the fourth quarter, but Wilson closed out the victory with a 13-play drive that ate up 7 minutes and was capped by a 15-yard TD pass to Derrick Coleman on fourth down with 2:31 left.
NOTES: Former Seattle LT Walter Jones was presented his Hall of Fame ring during a halftime ceremony that featured fellow Seattle Hall of Famers Steve Largent and Cortez Kennedy. The trio raised the "12th Man Flag" prior to kickoff. ... Wagner tied a career high with 14 tackles. ... Reserve James Starks led Green Bay with 37 yards rushing.
___
AP NFL website: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
More:

Australian PM Tony Abbot receives guard of honour at Rashtrapati Bhavanpicture  others
Australian PM Tony Abbot receives guard of honour at Rashtrapati Bhavan
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott was given a ceremonial reception in the forecourt of Rashtrapati Bhavan here this morning ahead of his crucial meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Australian PM Tony Abbott is seen inspecting the Guard of Honour in New Delhi on Friday. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Jain)
Tony Abbott, who arrived here last evening after stopping over in Mumbai for a function, will be calling on President Pranab Mukherjee and Vice President Hamid Ansari also.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with Australian PM Tony Abbott a ceremonial reception in the forecourt of Rashtrapati Bhavan. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Jain)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi welcomes Australian PM Tony Abbott during ta ceremonial reception in the forecourt of Rashtrapati Bhavan for Australian Prime Minister. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Jain)
Abbott was accorded a ceremonial guard of honour at the forecourt of Rashtrapati Bhavan here. He was received by Modi at the lawns of Presidential house.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Australian PM Tony Abbott at Rastrapati Bhavan. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Jain)
Home Minister Rajnath Singh with Delhi LG Najeeb Jung a ceremonial reception in the forecourt of Rashtrapati Bhavan for Australian Prime Minister. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Jain)
Union Ministers Rajnath Singh, Sushma Swaraj, Ravi Shanker Prasad, Uma Bharti and Smriti Irani during a ceremonial reception in the forecourt of Rashtrapati Bhavan for Australian Prime Minister. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Jain)
Union Ministers, Ravi Shankar Prasad and Smriti Irani at a ceremonial reception in the forecourt of Rashtrapati Bhavan for Australian Prime Minister. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Jain)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi waves during a ceremonial reception in the forecourt of Rashtrapati Bhavan for Australian Prime Minister. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Jain)
Union Ministers Sushma Swaraj, Ravi Shankar Prasad and Smriti Irani are seen together a ceremonial reception in the forecourt of Rashtrapati Bhavan for Australian Prime Minister. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Jain)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi in conversation with Rajnath Singh. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Jain)

Lufthansa pilots on strike  200 flights groundedLufthansa pilots on strike, 200 flights grounded
PTI
Tweet
Frankfurt, Sept 5:  
Lufthansa, Germany’s biggest airline, said it will cancel 200 flights today, affecting 25,000 passengers, as a consequence of a pilots’ strike to be held later in the day.
The pilots’ union Vereinigung Cockpit has called for a six-hour walk-out between 5:00 pm and 11:00 pm local time (1500-2100 GMT) over plans to change the airline’s early retirement policy.
The industrial action is focussing on the country’s biggest airport in Frankfurt and will ground most domestic and regional flights.
Lufthansa said individual flights would already be cancelled as early as 1:30 pm (1130 GMT) and most flights from 4:00 pm (1400 GMT).
The airline promised to try and limit the impact of the strike for customers.
Lufthansa pilots can currently take paid early retirement from the age of 55. They are fighting a plan by the airline to raise the minimum age and to involve pilots in the financing of their pensions.
Last Friday more than 100 flights were cancelled at several of Germany’s main airports as pilots of Lufthansa’s low-cost airline Germanwings also walked out.
And on Monday, a union for German train drivers called for a three-hour walkout to turn up the pressure on management of the national rail operator Deutsche Bahn in gridlocked wage talks.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Govt will not allow onion prices to rise during festival season: Agriculture MinisterUnion Agriculture Minister, Radha Mohan Singh. (file photo)
New Delhi, Sept 5:  
Amid fears of spike in onion prices during the upcoming festive season, Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh today said that the Government will take all measures to ensure that the prices of onion do not touch the Rs 80-100 per kg level again.
Due to late monsoon, arrival of kharif (summer) onion crops would be delayed by a month in the key growing areas of Maharashtra, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh, threatening to increase the prices during late September and October.
“Delhi people know that the earlier government used to be scared when onion prices skyrocketed to Rs 80-100 per kg. Now, prices are ruling at Rs 25-30 per kg and the government is awake and will not allow prices to rise,” Singh told reporters on the sidelines of a CII event on the dairy sector.
The Government will take all measures to ensure that the prices of onion do not reach the level of Rs 80-100 per kg and cause pain to consumers, he said.
“I would like to ask from people what was onion price in last year and what it is today. The government is taking measures to control prices of all fruits and vegetables. ...By all means, we will not allow onion prices to reach the level that used to be in Congress-led government regime,” he said.
In order to avoid spike in onion prices during late September and October, the Government has recently removed the requirement of mandatory fumigation for imported onions to boost the supply of the commodity and check the price rise.
Removal of this requirement would reduce the time taken for import of onion into the country. The Government has also waived off the four times penal fees on account of non-compliance of the fumigation norms.
The domestic demand during the lean period from June to November is met through stored rabi (winter) and fresh kharif (summer) produce.
As per official data, onion prices are at present stable in the range of Rs 20-30 kg in most parts of the country. Onion is available at Rs 30 per kg in Delhi, Rs 32 per kg in Mumbai and Rs 25 per kg in Chennai and Kolkata.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Motorola unveils new Moto G  Moto X  Moto 360 smartwatchMotorola unveils new Moto G, Moto X, Moto 360 smartwatch
PTI
REUTERS Moto 360 smartwatch
New Delhi, Sept 5:  
Riding high on the success of its affordable handsets, Motorola Mobility today unveiled the second generation of its popular Moto G and Moto X in India in an exclusive partnership with homegrown e-tailer Flipkart.
The US-based firm, which has sold 1.6 million units of Moto E, G and X since February, is betting on the new version to help it ramp up sales in the fiercely competitive Indian smartphone market.
“Partnering with Flipkart, we had launched Moto G a few months ago, followed by Moto X and Moto E, all of which have received tremendous response in India. Now, we are bringing in a new generation with better features and at an attractive price,” Motorola Mobility India General Manager Amit Boni told reporters here.
Moto G will be priced at Rs 12,999 (16 GB), which is cheaper by Rs 1,000 compared to the previous generation.
Along with the Moto 360 smartwatch, Motorola will make the Moto X available later this month. The pricing of both the devices will be announced later.
Smartphone sales
Motorola claims to have over 5 per cent share of the Indian smartphone market.
According to research firm IDC, smartphone sales in the country grew almost three-fold to over 44 million in 2013, buoyed by affordable devices made by local firms.
In the second quarter of 2014, 18.42 million smartphones were shipped in India. Samsung is the leader with a 29 per cent market share, followed by Micromax (18 per cent).
The smartphone category is witnessing intense competition, especially in the affordable (sub $100) segment.
Firefox, Google phones
Last week, Firefox (in partnership with Spice and Intex) had launched two new handsets, priced below Rs 2,300, aimed at those looking to upgrade from feature phones to smartphones.
Google is also expected to launch its much-awaited sub-$100 (around Rs 6,000) smartphones in India on September 15, which will further intensify competition in the booming multi-billion dollar smart devices market here.
Flipkart Vice President Retail and Head Strategic Brand Alliances Michael Adnani said 1.6 million units of Moto E, G and X have already been sold on Flipkart.
“Moto E accounts for the bulk. We are confident that we will see similar response for the new devices as well,” he added.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Next iPhone: its a lock© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/5d0de054-3491-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Narendra Modi interacts with school children on Teachers  Daypicture  others
Narendra Modi interacts with school children on Teachers’ Day
School students in Secondary School Bhyander, Mumbai watch Prime Minister Narendra Modi's address on Teachers' Day through live telecast. (Source: Express Photo by  Amit Chakravarty)
Narendra Modi in his speech told students that he is not a headmaster but a taskmaster.
Around 12 million students from around the country were connected via video conferencing with the PM.
School students in Secondary School Bhyander, Mumbai watch Prime Minister Narendra Modi's address on Teachers' Day through live telecast. (Source: Express Photo by  Amit Chakravarty)
The PM further said: Politics is a service. One who is in politics should serve people like his or her family member.
School students in Secondary School Bhyander, Mumbai watch Prime Minister Narendra Modi's address on Teachers' Day through live telecast. (Source: Express Photo by  Amit Chakravarty)
Students from a school in the suburbs of Mumbai are seen watching Prime Minister Narendra Modi address through live telecast. (Source: Express photo by Amit Chakravarty)
Children watch Narendra Modi address students and teachers on Teachers Day. (Source: Express photo by Amit Chakravarty)
Students of Eram Madarsa hearing Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi's Speech on the occasion of Teachers' Day in Lucknow on Friday. (Express photo by Vishal Srivastav)
On the occasion of Teachers' Day, students from a school in Bhyander in Mumbai suberbs, watch Prime Minister Narendra Modi's address through live telecast.   (Express Photo by Amit Chakravarty)
Students watch Prime Minister Narendra Modi's address at Dharavi BMC Urdu School on the occasion of Teachers' Day. (Express Photos By Pradip Das)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's programme at Dharavi BMC Urdu School on the occasion of Teachers' Day. (Express Photos By Pradip Das)
Students' listening to PM Modi's interaction programme on Friday at Imphal, Manipur. (Express Photo by Deepak Shijagurumayum)
Students of class 9 and 10 at the BN High School in PM Modi's hometown Vadnagar, watch PM Modi's speech on Teacher's Day on Friday. (Express photo by Javed Raja)
Teacher and students sit under a leaking plastic sheet at Govt. Primary School in Ludhiana on Friday. (Express Photo by Gurmeet Singh)
Kids at the Government Primary School in Bassi Kalan listen to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's address to students over the radio on Friday. The school has mostly Muslim students including those who were displaced due to the riots and the radio was bought on Friday morning for the occasion. (Express photo by Oinam Anand)
Students of Madrasa Gulshan-E-Raza Taleemul Quran and Orphanage, watch Prime Minister Narendra Modi's address through live telecast on Television. (Express Photo by Prashant Nadkar, Mumbai)
Devipad Chaudhary High School, Patna - Children listen to PM Narendra Modi's address. (Express Photo By Prashant Ravi)
Visually impaired students listen the Live telecast of the prime minister Narendra Modi's speech on Teachers Day, at Blind Relief Association, Lodhi road in New Delhi on Sept 5th 2014. (Exprees photo by Ravi Kanojia)

Sahara May Mortgage Iconic Hotels to Raise Bail for Jailed ChiefYou are here: Home Corporates
Sahara May Mortgage Iconic Hotels to Raise $1.7 Billion Bail for Jailed Chairman
Reuters | Updated On: September 05, 2014 16:56 (IST)
Jack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
New Delhi: Sahara conglomerate would rather mortgage its trophy overseas hotel properties than sell them to raise the $1.7 billion, or Rs 10,000 crore, in bail money for its jailed chairman, a senior company executive told Reuters.
Sahara Chairman Subrata Roy has been trying to find a buyer for the three hotels, which include New York's Plaza hotel and London's Grosvenor House, for the past month, using a makeshift office in his New Delhi jail to negotiate a deal.
On Friday, Mr Roy sought permission from the Supreme Court to keep the office beyond a deadline that expires on Tuesday, his lawyers said, as talks with potential buyers continue. The court is expected to rule on the request early next week.
(Read: Sahara seeks more time to seal Rs 1,800-crore property deal )
The executive said Sahara had received offers from several buyers, including sovereign wealth funds, but had yet to take a decision. He declined to name any of potential buyers.
"Right now we are focusing more on raising funds through taking a loan on these properties," said the executive, who declined to be named as he was not authorised to speak to the media.
"The sale is the last priority. In case we would have to sell, we will sell over a period of time, but right now our focus is to raise money by mortgaging these assets rather than sell them."
A spokesman for Sahara was not immediately available for a comment.
Mr Roy has been held in a New Delhi jail, pending bail, for six months after he did not appear at a contempt hearing related to Sahara's failure to repay billions of dollars raised in outlawed bonds.
Last month, the court allowed Roy to get the office, which has facilities such as computers and assistants.
Sahara has not officially named any potential suitor for the hotels. Last month, a spokesman for the Sultan of Brunei dismissed a report by the Wall Street Journal online that an investment firm affiliated with him had made a $2 billion (Rs 12,000 crore at 1 dollar = 60 rupees) bid for the properties.
Mr Roy, a flamboyant 66-year-old who has long been an enigmatic figure in Indian business circles, calls himself "managing worker and chairman" of Sahara and chief guardian of the "world's biggest family", overseeing businesses with almost a million staff and agents.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Happy Teachers  Day: Rare photos of Dr Radhakrishnanphoto archives
Happy Teacher’s Day: Rare photos of Dr Radhakrishnan
As the nation celebrates the Teachers' Day today, we present few rare pictures of Dr Radhakrishnan.
Dr Radhakrishnan with former PM Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru on November 14, 1962. (Source: Express archive photo)
(Left to right) Former Maharashtra chief minister YB Chavan, Dr Radhakrishnan and actress Vyjayanthimala are seen together. (Source: Express archive photo)
Former President Dr. Radhakrishnan. (Source: Express archive photo)
The 16 General Assembly of the World Medical Association was inaugurated by former President Dr Radhakrishnan in New Delhi. Seen here from left to right are Dr RV Sathe, Dr Radhakrishnan, Dr Arazo Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru. (Source: Express archive photo)
Dr Radhakrishnan with singer Mohammad Rafi. (Source: Express archive photo)
Dr Radhakrishnan is greeted by music director duo of Jaikishan and Shankar at Rang Bhawan in Mumbai on April 1, 1960. (Source: Express archive photo)
Producer-director Guru Dutt receives Dr Radhakrishnan who was the chief guest at the Charity premiere of 'Kaagaz Ke Phool' at Regal in New Delhi on September 25, 1959. (Source: Express archive photo)
Dr Radhakrishnan attended the premiere of Raj Kapoor's 'Jis Desh Mein Ganga Behati Hai'. Seen in the picture are Balraj Kohli, music director Jaikishan, Allaudin, Raj Kapoor, lyricists Hasrat Jaipuri and Shailendra, dialogue writer Arjun Dev Rashk and actor Nana Palsikar. (Source: Express archive photo)
(Left to right) SV Ramanan (music director and associate director), V Balakrishnana (director), Barnouw - wife of professor Erik Barnouw of the Columbia University, Dr. Radhakrishnan, Pappan (associate director), Director K Subramaniam and Venkat (director of photography). (Source: Express archive photo)
Director Phani Majumdar greets Dr Radhakrishnan. (Source: Express archive photo)

I am a task master: Moditeachers
Addressing teachers and students across the country on Teachers' Day, he said children could help in nation building by saving electricity and not compromising on cleanliness.
Billing himself as a "task-master’’ and a "disciplinarian’’, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday suggested that professionals volunteer to teach a class in neighbourhood schools once a week to do their bit for nation building. And, children could help in nation building by saving electricity and not compromising on cleanliness.
These were some of the goalposts set by Mr. Modi in his Teachers’ Day interaction with children across the country. "Please tell me if we agree that there are problems in the education system like lack of good teachers etc; can’t this be rectified. Why can’t we convert nation building into a people’s movement,” he asked.
Citing the example of Japan where teachers and students together clean schools, the Prime Minister questioned why it cannot be replicated in India. During the Question & Answer session with ``baal mitron’’ (young friends) in the Capital and seven other cities via video-conferencing, his response to an Imphal-based student’s question on how to become a Prime Minister was: ``Prepare for the 2024 elections. Which means I have nothing to fear till then.’’ Then on a serious note, he said the framers of the Constitution had ensured that anyone could become Premier.
Asked about climate change, Mr. Modi’s response was that environment consciousness was not an alien concept but was part of Indian culture. ``Had we continued to respect nature the way our ancestors used to then this degradation could have been avoided,’’ he said; asking students whether they had ever seen the rising sun.
The interaction saw him lament the early loss of childhood these days; ruing that children were no longer footloose and fancy free. The students for the most part wanted to know about how his life had changed after becoming Prime Minister, what kind of person he was and the mischief he had done as a child and whether he was a `head-master’. He responded mainly in Hindi even to questions in English.
Where the children asked him ``either/or’’ questions, Mr. Modi would begin his reply by saying this is a ``tough one’’. And, while wrapping up the interaction, he said that some of the children appeared to have come tutored; asking questions beyond their age. ``Children should remain children,’’ he repeated.

China cracks down on executive MBAsLast updated: September 5, 2014 5:48 pm
Xi’s war on corruption spreads to China’s executive MBAs
By Lifen Zhang in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/7804742c-34aa-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shaharyar Khan criticises Shehzad for offering religious advice to DilshanNew Delhi, September 5, 2014
Updated: September 5, 2014 17:58 IST
Shaharyar Khan criticises Shehzad for offering religious advice to Dilshan
PTI
AP PCB Chairman Shaharyar Khan addressing a news conference in Karachi on Friday.
TOPICS
One-day cricket
Newly appointed Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) chief Shaharyar Khan on Friday criticised Ahmed Shehzad for offering religious advice to Sri Lankan player Tillakaratne Dilshan during an ODI last week, saying it was a “stupid statement” on part of the Pakistani batsman.
“It was a stupid statement really. He has no business to talk about religion on the field, especially when you are on a foreign tour,” Shaharyar told PTI over the phone on Friday.
“It is mentioned on the players’ contract that you are not supposed to talk about religion on the field. Having said that, it was not said in an aggressive tone. It was a friendly advice but it was surely silly,” he said.
The PCB has already put the matter before its disciplinary committee and Shaharyar said the matter will be dealt with appropriately.
“The Sri Lankan cricket board has chosen not to file a complaint about the incident and I think it is the right decision.
“Our disciplinary committee will ensure such unwanted incidents don’t occur on the field again,” said the 80-year-old diplomat, who was elected PCB chairman for the second time last month.
Shehzad was heard advising Dilshan as the two were walking back to the dressing room after the third ODI in Dambulla. The Pakistani batsman was caught on camera telling Dilshan “if you are a non-Muslim and you turn Muslim, no matter whatever you do in your life, (you will go) straight to heaven.”
The senior Sri Lanka player’s reply was not audible, following which Shehzad said “then be ready for the fire”. The video expectedly has gone viral on the internet.
Overt displays of faith have been part of Pakistan cricket, not of late though. Former Pakistan captain Inzamam-ul-Haq and another great Saeed Anwar were part of Tablighi Jamaat, an Islamic religious movement.
Sri Lanka however has played down the incident with Dilshan himself ruling out lodging a complaint against Shehzad.
“I don’t remember even what I said to him. I have no issues at all. I was just happy with the win,” Dilshan said earlier in the week, who was born to a Muslim father and Buddhist mother. His birth name was Tuwan Mohammad Dilshan but he changed it to a Buddhist name.

Subrata Roy seeks 10 more days to raise funds by selling propertiesNew Delhi, September 5, 2014
Updated: September 6, 2014 05:34 IST
Subrata Roy seeks 10 more days to raise funds by selling properties
Legal Correspondent
Tweet
Reuters File photo of Grosvenor House Hotel in London. Subrata Roy is putting up the two trophy properties and another luxury New York hotel for sale to raise $1.6 billion for the bail bond that will get him out of Tihar jail.
TOPICS
corporate crime
Sahara would rather mortgage its trophy overseas hotel properties than sell them, a senior company executive says.
Sahara chief Subrata Roy on Friday sought 15 days’ leeway to try and sell three overseas luxury hotels to raise Rs. 10,000 crore for his bail, saying that an almost-done deal to sell the properties fell flat after a newspaper published reports that the Sultan of Brunei was buying them.
Senior advocate S. Ganesh told a Bench led by Justice T.S Thakur that the newspaper article triggered protests at the properties located in New York and London.
Mr. Roy has put up his hotels, Dream Downtown and The Plaza in New York and Grosvenor House in London, in the market for sale to pay for his bail.
The court on August 1 allowed Mr. Roy and two directors to avail the conference room in Tihar jail complex for 10 days from August 5 to hold negotiations with potential buyers. The time period was further extended for 15 days on August 14.
The court has agreed to take up the matter on the scheduled day of hearing.
PTI adds:
Sahara may mortgage hotels, says executive
Sahara conglomerate would rather mortgage its trophy overseas hotel properties than sell them to raise the $1.7 billion in bail money for its jailed chairman, a senior company executive told Reuters.
The executive said Sahara had received offers from several buyers, including sovereign wealth funds, but had yet to take a decision. He declined to name any of potential buyers.
"Right now we are focusing more on raising funds through taking a loan on these properties," said the executive, who declined to be named as he was not authorised to speak to the media.
"The sale is the last priority. In case we would have to sell, we will sell over a period of time, but right now our focus is to raise money by mortgaging these assets rather than sell them," he added.
A spokesman for Sahara was not immediately available for a comment.

PF Portability May Be Launched This MonthYou are here: Home Your Money
PF Portability May Be Launched This Month
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 05, 2014 18:14 (IST)
Health Insurance Payment via Credit Card: Few Things to Know
New Delhi: An ambitious project by the Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) to provide portable universal account numbers (UAN) to its subscribers is likely to be launched this month.
The UAN project is likely to be launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. However, no date for the formal launch has been fixed as yet.
(Also read: PF portability: How it will work )
Retirement fund body EPFO and the Labour Ministry are in touch with the Prime Minister's Office for the purpose, a senior official said.
It completed seeding of 2.5 crore portable PF accounts with KYC details by August-end, the official said, adding that EPFO is aiming to seed 1 crore UANs till September 15.
UAN will give the facility of collation of accounts, viewing of updated accounts as well as downloading of the same and collation of pensionable service.
The universal number will be portable throughout the working career of members and can be used anywhere in India. Thus, workers in the organised sector would not need apply for transfer of PF account claim on changing jobs.
EPFO had issued 4.17 crore UANs in the last week of July and had asked its field staff to complete the seeding of portable PF account number with Aadhaar, bank account and PAN by September 15.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had said in his Budget speech that UANs would be allotted to EPFO subscribers. The Labour Ministry had said that the seeding of KYCs to the UAN would be completed by October 15.
Meanwhile, the PF fund body in a statement said that it has settled 53.94 lakh claims this fiscal year till the end of August. Out of total claims, about 68 per cent were settled within 10 days. It said that 4,700 firms used online facility for registration and got their PF codes online in the months of July and August.
Besides, employers can now deposit provident fund dues online through 56 lenders other than State Bank of India. Earlier, firms were allowed to deposit PF contributions online through SBI only.
EPFO's social security agreement with the Czech has been notified on September 1. This will enable workers to avoid double contribution towards social security schemes while on foreign assignments.
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 17:51 (IST)

Apple faces acid test with new iPhoneSeptember 5, 2014 1:54 pm
Apple faces big challenge of dazzling consumers with new iPhone
By Tim Bradshaw
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f64a429e-34d7-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RIL arm partners MicrosoftNew Delhi, September 5, 2014
Updated: September 5, 2014 18:50 IST
RIL arm partners Microsoft
The Hindu A. Mashelkar, Chairman, GenNext Ventures and Board Member, RIL with Bhaskar Pramanik, Chairman, Microsoft India exchange signed documents to set up GenNext Innovation Hubs at a press conference in Mumbai on Friday. Photo: Paul Noronha
TOPICS
joint venture
Reliance Industries’ venture investment management arm, GenNext Ventures, on Friday signed a three-year partnership with Microsoft India through Microsoft Ventures in India to catalyse technology start-up ecosystem. The companies set up GenNext Innovation Hubs, a country-wide initiative.
The first hub is to start operations in October in Mumbai and will be replicated across multiple cities.
Addressing a press conference, R. A. Mashelkar, Chairman, GenNext Ventures, said, “Technology start-ups, which are a key source of innovation in India, are at an inflexion point today. While the numbers have grown exponentially year-on-year, the industry is at a nascent stage. While several initiatives are underway to help start-ups, what is lacking is a national platform that seamlessly brings together all stakeholders and also provides the resources Indian start-ups need to be successful.”
Microsoft Ventures will help GenNext identify and shortlist promising start-ups and power the four-month accelerator programme. It will also provide them access to software and technology advice. At the end of the accelerator programme, GenNext will invest strategically in some of these IT start-ups.
“The emerging trends in India’s technology start-up space are fascinating both in numbers and in diversity of ideas,” said Bhaskar Pramanik, Chairman, Microsoft India. “With this partnership, start-ups in India will have access to GenNext Ventures’ deep industry experience and Microsoft Ventures’ knowledge and IT industry network and strength.”
Without divulging the ticket-size of target start-ups, Mr. Pramanik said the venture planned to set up 7-8 accelerators in different cities but the locations were yet to be determined. Microsoft’s own accelerator programme in Bangalore in its last batch had received 1,300 applications of which 12 were accepted. “We want a scale larger than our Bangalore accelerator which in its four batches has seeded 51 start-ups. In the U.S. there are 60,000 start-ups per year while China has around 6,000 and India, a mere 1,000.”
John Kuruvilla, Managing Director, GenNext Ventures, said the company had done three investments to-date after having evaluated around 360. The Mumbai hub is receiving applications for the accelerator programme and the last date is September 25. The programme will commence on October 6 at Navi Mumbai. The Mumbai centre planned to have two batches in the next 12 months, he said.

India to import 1 Lakh Tonne rice from MyanmarNew Delhi, September 5, 2014
Updated: September 5, 2014 18:46 IST
India to import 1 Lakh Tonne rice from Myanmar
PTI
The Hindu India will be importing rice for the first time in almost three decades. Representative image.
TOPICS
imports
India is going to import one lakh tonnes of rice from Myannmar to avoid supply crisis in Manipur and Mizoram as the construction work is going on the railway line connecting these two north-eastern states to other parts of the country.
In this regard, the government will float an exploratory tender on September 8 to evaluate market prices.
This will be the first time in almost three decades the country will import rice and that via road.
According to sources, 20,000 tonnes of rice will be imported per month starting October and tenders are likely to be floated by the State Trading Enterprises (STEs) on behalf of Food Corporation of India (FCI).
Despite having sufficient stocks, the government has to import rice as the work is going on to broadgauge the railway line between Lumding and Silchar in Assam, sources said adding this route connects Manipur and Mizoram to the rest of the country.
To meet the requirements of these states, which have deficient paddy production, the FCI will have to move the grains via road ranging 400-600 km.
“There is only one national highway 44 from Guwahati, which connects with these states, and moving grains via road is challenging because of hilly terrains and land-slide prone areas,” a source said.
Considering all these aspects, there is a need to have supplementary stock to avoid any supply crisis in these areas, therefore it has been decided to import rice from Myanmar, which is well connected via road to Manipur and Mizoaram, sources said. Moreover, the neighbouring country also has surplus stocks, they added.
These North-Eastern states have deficient paddy production and in order to meet the requirement, FCI moves rice mainly from Punjab and Chattisgarh to Guwahati in Assam and from there to other parts in the region.
As on August 16, the country had 184.62 lakh tonnes of rice against the buffer stock of 72 lakh tonnes on October 1 this year. In addition to this, 74 lakh tonnes of unmilled paddy is also available in the country.

U.S. jobs recovery loses steam in AugustWhoops! Jobs recovery lost steam in August
By Paul R. La Monica  @lamonicabuzz September 5, 2014: 11:06 AM ET
 
How to read the jobs report like a pro
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Yuck. The jobs market lost some steam in August, with only 142,000 jobs added last month.
The consensus forecast from economists surveyed by CNNMoney was for a jobs gain of 226,000 jobs.
The unemployment rate dipped slightly to 6.1%, down from 6.2% in July. That was in line with estimates, but it wasn't much for job seekers to celebrate.
This breaks a streak of six straight months with more than 200,000 jobs added.
It may raise questions about the strength of the job market's rebound. Many Americans already do not feel that the job market has fully recovered from the Great Recession.
CNN's Christine Romans hosts Facebook chat with Labor Secretary Thomas Perez
Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen has also repeatedly stressed that the labor market could be stronger .
Friday's numbers are unlikely to change the Fed's decision to keep a key short-term rate at historic lows for the foreseeable future in an effort to stimulate more job growth.
That appears to be what Wall Street is counting on -- stocks were relatively flat Friday. The yield on the 10-year U.S. Treasury dipped as well, a sign that the bond market does not believe the Fed is going to make any big moves just yet.
"Yellen is looking at trends. The Fed is not going to be terribly reactive to one month of data," said Chris Molumphy, chief investment officer of Franklin Templeton Fixed Income Group. He added that there would need to be at least two more months of subpar jobs growth before the Fed -- and consumers and investors -- should be worried about the economy.
Related: 5 big trends shaking up the job market
But it's not all bad news. The economy has averaged nearly 220,000 jobs added a month, and the payroll gains were revised higher for both June and July.
One expert said that it's important to remember that the August number could eventually change as well -- for the better.
"This number will be revised higher. August is the quirkiest month," said Phil Orlando, chief equity strategist with Federated Investors. "This is inconsistent with strength we're seeing elsewhere in the economy."
Recall that the government originally reported that zero (that's right, zilch) new jobs were added in August 2011. The number wound up getting revised sharply higher a couple of months later.
Related: Unemployment rates by state
Beyond the headlines: Hourly wages rose slightly. They are up 2.1% over the past 12 months. However, that's only slightly higher than the inflation rate. So workers won't feel much better off.
There were solid job gains in several industries that tend to pay well, such as business and professional services and health care. Jobs were added in the construction sector as well, a possible sign that the housing market is continuing to bounce back.
John Canally, chief economic strategist for LPL Financial, noted that weakness in the manufacturing and retail sectors, dragged down overall job growth. He said there may be some strange seasonal, end-of-summer factors to explain that.
Related: College grads are underemployed, but a degree is still worth it
"My view of the job market is unchanged from where it was before this report came out. This is an anomaly," Canally said.
Still, there were other lackluster signs in the job report. The so-called "underemployment rate," which counts discouraged workers who have given up looking for jobs and people working part-time who would rather have a full-time job, is 12%. That's down from July but still nearly double the official unemployment rate.
And the labor force participation rate, which measures how many people of working age are actually in the job market, remained near its lowest levels in more than 35 years. That's a function of more and more people, particularly women and retiring baby boomers, dropping out of the work force.
The political reaction: U.S. Secretary of Labor Thomas Perez noted in a statement Friday morning that the private sector has now added jobs for 54 consecutive months. That's the longest streak ever.
But he added that "there are still 3 million long-term unemployed Americans, and we can do more to help those who are still struggling to recover." He reiterated President Obama's call to Congress to raise the minimum wage.
House Speaker John Boehner did not address the minimum wage issue in his own statement . But he said Republicans in the House have "advanced solutions to help create more jobs, lower costs at home, and restore opportunity for all Americans," but that the GOP's plans "have run up against a brick wall" in the Democrat-controlled Senate.
First Published: September 5, 2014: 8:44 AM ET
Join the Conversation

Engineers and doctors should take classes: ModiStudents watching Prime minister Narendra Modi's speech on television at Riccob Bazar Government school in Khammam on Friday. Photo: GN Rao
Make teaching a people’s movement for nation-building
New Delhi, Sept 5:  
Lakhs of students today heard Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s much—talked about Teachers’ Day address and subsequent interaction through TV, radio and the Internet at over 3,000 schools in the national capital.
Students had turned out in large numbers at the government and private schools which had made elaborate arrangements to show the interaction live through TV, projectors and radio.
Minor glitches due to technical problems were reported at some schools.
Special arrangements were made by school authorities which included televisions, set—top box connections, projectors, screens, amplifiers and generator sets or inverters so that students could watch and listen to the Prime Minister without any interruption.
The programme started around 3 p.m. and Modi addressed the students for 30 minutes followed by a question—answer session.
The Directorate of Education (DoE) of Delhi government had directed all private as well as government schools to make arrangements for showing the Prime Minister’s address live.
After the programme, majority of students coming out of their schools expressed happiness on being able to listen to the Prime Minister. However, many of them rued that they could not ask any questions themselves.
“It was a great experience to be able to listen to the Prime Minister live on Teachers’ Day. I wanted to ask a question to him but I could not get a chance to do so,” said Akshat Sharma, a class IV student at a government school in Chandni Chowk area.
A number of students from some of the Delhi schools got the opportunity to ask question to the Prime Minister as they were part of the select group of students invited to the event.
The Prime Minister replied to a number of questions asked by students from various states through video conferencing, in the first-ever initiative.
In his address, the Prime Minister stressed on increasing the importance of teaching profession and suggested that all educated, including engineers and doctors, should take classes to make teaching a people’s movement necessary for nation—building.
He said the country is facing shortage of teachers and this needs to be changed so that India can “export” teachers.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Sensex ends 59 points down as selling continues for 2nd daySensex ends 59 points down as selling continues for 2nd day
PTI  Mumbai, September 05, 2014
First Published: 10:11 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 18:07 IST(5/9/2014)
Markets on Friday gave up initial gains with Sensex falling about 59 points to end at 27,026.70 and Nifty dipping over 9 points to close at 8,086.85 on profit selling in financial and auto stocks, amid weak global cues.
Advertisement
Losses were seen mainly in counters including HDFC, ICICI Bank, Tata Motors, Hero MotoCorp, Bharti Airtel, Coal India, BHEL and Tata Power, which weighed on the market.
Although Sensex ended in the negative zone, total market breadth was positive on the back of rally in second-line stocks on buying by retail investors. The S&P BSE Small-cap and Mid-cap indices outperformed the Sensex. They closed up by 1.25% and 0.56% respectively.
The 30-share Sensex resumed better and improved further to a high of 27,178.80, up by nearly 93 points, on the back of heavy buying by foreign funds. However, profit-selling erased the gains and the index ended at 27,026.70 -- a fall of 59.23 points or 0.22%. It touched an intra-day low of 26,920.56.
On Thursday, it had dipped 54.10 points or 0.20%.
On Wednesday, it had zoomed to life high of 27,225.85 and then closed at record peak of 27,139.94.
For the week, the Sensex rose 388.59 points. This was its fourth straight weekly gain.
The wide-based 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE on Friday moved irregularly in a range of 8,122.70 and 8,049.85 before closing at 8,086.85 -- a drop of 9.10 points or 0.11%.
Meanwhile, provisional data showed Foreign Portfolio Investors invested a whopping Rs. 1,697.74 crore on Thursday.
Globally, Asian shares slipped Friday after European Central Bank unveiled fresh measures. Eyes are now on the release of US jobs data later on Friday, which could have a bearing on Fed policy.
Europe's main stock markets dipped in late morning trades today after data showed the 18-nation eurozone economy stagnated in the second quarter with zero growth.

Pleasure cruises: Ship shape© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/2b034b68-33aa-11e4-ba62-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maruti takes aim at rivals with loaded CiazMaruti takes aim at rivals with loaded Ciaz
S.Muralidhar
Tweet
Safe bet The car is also packed with a lot of safety features. The cabin's perceived quality is good. S MURALIDHAR
Maruti’s best performing car models are not surprisingly loaded at the lower end of the price spectrum. For the company that really put Indians on four-wheels, the affordability image has really put paid to its ambitions of moving up the price and size ladder. Maruti Suzuki has definitely moved on in the buyer’s mind and yet one could have said that till recently the company did have trouble find takers for its premium vehicles.
But that was in the past with cars like the Kizashi and the Grand Vitara bombing in the market. There has been slow transition in the buyer acceptance levels at least for a premium mid-size sedan from the badge and they have been found wanting a better alternative for the SX4. Given the competition in the segment from the likes of the Honda City, Hyundai Verna and the Nissan Sunny, Maruti’s portfolio is certainly missing a more competitive model in the Rs 8 lakh to Rs 11 lakh price segment.
The missing link will be the new Ciaz, which is being launched later this month. Replacing the SX4, the Ciaz is Maruti’s big bet at cracking the growing premium sedan segment. You might recall the Ciaz concept showcased at the Delhi Auto Expo in February this year.
The Ciaz is a global model developed by Suzuki for introduction into many markets, the most important of which could be China (in terms of numbers), though India gets it first. The Ciaz has been built on an entirely new platform and one of the key parameters that has been considered is space. No wonder its wheelbase is a class leading 2,650mm.
Design
The production version of the car is expectedly less futuristic compared to the concept. But the new Ciaz follows most of the design elements of the notchback style concept. In the flesh, the new Ciaz’s design comes across as simple and cautious, but still modern and fresh. There are, finally, some lines that are beginning to be identifiable as Suzuki’s own. The curved down edge for the wraparound headlamps and the typical chrome slats for the bonnet grille.
There are very mild references to some of the other models, but the overall profile of the Ciaz is focused on delivering the image of a premium sedan. The front of the Ciaz is more expressive than the rear, where the stubby boot is overpowered by the large tail-lamps and the rear bumper inserts that mimic dual exhaust ends. The boot itself conceals a huge 510-litre luggage area, though, with a high-set rear bumper, the loading height might be a bit high.
The Ciaz design’s simplicity is even more pronounced when the car is viewed from the side. The side profile line, the shoulder line and the waistline are all pronounced and nearly straight lines. But, they all elegantly merge into the other design lines at the front and rear. The shoulder line is set high, though that hasn’t lead to a reduction in the amount of light that gets into the Ciaz’s cabin.
Interior
Talking about the airy cabin of the Ciaz, it is sure to surprise anyone who enters with the amount of space available. With a roofline that plunges downward late in the curve, there is enough headroom even at the rear. But it is the amount of legroom that is going to leave most potential buyers with a satisfied smile. Rear legroom is better than most other competing cars, except possibly the Nissan Sunny/ Renault Scala.
The dashboard features a 3-layered, 2-tone finish, with dark grey and light beige panels with fake wood inserts set in a simple, uncluttered fashion. The centre stack and floor console and flow seamlessly forming a clean Y-shape. Fit and finish quality is excellent and perceived quality is also right up there, though just a tad bit lower than the Honda City.
There are a few additions in the new Ciaz that are rare for a Maruti, but needed for a car in this segment. Starting from something simple like the presence of a dead pedal, to the new touchscreen infotainment system, the rear aircon vents and the new auto climate control are image boosters for the Ciaz. The steering wheel is by now the familiar chunky, 3-spoke, but the addition of Bluetooth and voice controls are new and positioned just behind the wheel.
There is a considerable amount of plastic all around, but unlike Marutis in the lower price segment, the Ciaz’s interior doesn’t feel tacky at all and is instead quite upmarket in feel. The seats, especially at the rear could have been given a bit more under-thigh support. We felt that the rear headrests could also have been adjustable instead of fixed. The boot lid now gets an electric release button on the dash.
Performance
The Ciaz gets a choice of two engines one each of petrol and diesel. The petrol engine is the K14 VVT mill that is already available in the Ertiga and in almost the same state of tune. But, Maruti engineers say that there has been considerable amount of weight reduction work that has been done to the engine. The Ciaz itself also features an increased use of lighter weight, high tensile steel that keeps the kerb weight of the petrol version to just above one tonne (1,010 kgs).
The 1,372cc petrol engine delivers a peak power of 92.5PS at 6,000 rpm and a peak torque of 130Nm at 4,000 rpm. The engine, as we all know by now, is a refined unit that is inherently quiet and of low vibration. During our test drive of the Ciaz, the most likeable aspect of this engine was the amount of low-end torque available. During slow speeds, below the 20-30 kmph levels, the engine almost behaves like a diesel.
The diesel engine is the more familiar DDiS engine that is originally the multijet from Fiat. This is the 1,248cc diesel burner that is available across many models from Maruti and even Tata and Fiat models. This engine felt familiar during our test drive too and continues to surprise with its remarkably refined performance even in the Ciaz. The mill delivers 90PS of power at 4,000 rpm and 200Nm of torque at a low 1,750 rpm.
There is a bit of turbolag initially just like it is in other models with this engine, but there is enough pulling power just past 1,200 rpm. Both the engines are paired with a 5-speed gearbox. The petrol engine version also gets a 4-speed automatic, which was available for a test drive. What is missing in the smooth shifting manual transmission is a bit more shift feel. The cabin is quiet in both the petrol and diesel versions, with extensive use of sound deadening and noise dampening aids.
The improvements to the engines and the weight reduction measures manage to make the Ciaz one of the most fuel-efficient sedans with a claimed mileage of 20.73 kmpl for the petrol and 26.21 kmpl for the diesel (ARAI rated).
Bottomline
The Ciaz also managed to delight us with its ride quality. The stiffer chassis and the suspension set up gives the right mix of rigidity and compliant ride quality. Straight line stability is excellent. Though we cant quite comment on cornering ability after the short test drive we had, it would be safe to say that the Ciaz would match segment benchmarks.
We feel that Maruti Suzuki potentially has a better premium sedan in the Ciaz than some of the competition. Features like the rear sunscreen, SmartPlay infotainment system sand personal reading lamps for the rear occupants are big pluses for buyers in the segment. We have to wait for the launch for the price announcement, but a Rs 8 lakh to Rs 10.5 lakh range will possibly leave the competition palpitating.
(This article was published on September 4, 2014)

Hempel opens new facility in NashikUpdated: September 5, 2014 20:08 IST
Hempel opens new facility in Nashik
Special Correspondent
plant opening
The Denmark-based Hempel, a leading industrial and marine coating manufacturer, has opened a new plant at Nashik, Maharashtra. The factory, set up at an investment of 3 million euro (about Rs.23 crore), will have a production capacity of 10 million litres per annum, a company statement said.
It will make paints for the marine and protective coating segments targeting customers in India, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, the Maldives and Nepal.
“India is one of the fastest growing coatings markets in the world and we expect further growth in the future,” Pierre-Yves Jullien, Hempel Group President & CEO, said in the statement. “We will invest a further 2 million euro (about Rs.15 crore) in a second phase capacity expansion at the Nashik site which will help meet our company’s and our customers’ needs in the entire South Asia region.”
It already has a unit in Nashik, set up in 2011 with a capacity of 2 million litres per annum.

Katie Couric s MotherKatie Couric's Mother and 'Best Friend' Elinor Dies
Sep 5, 2014, 10:24 AM ET
Katie Couric arrives at the Barbara Walters Celebration honoring the broadcasting legend as she says goodbye to daily television, May 14, 2014, at the Four Seasons in New York.
Lou Rocco/ABC
Katie Couric had to say goodbye to her "best friend" Thursday.
"My heart is broken. I lost my mom and best friend. We love you and miss you, Mom/Granny," she tweeted along with a sweet picture of her late mother, Elinor H. Couric.
— Katie Couric (@katiecouric) September 4, 2014
She also posted on Facebook that her mother lived from 1923 to 2014 and died at the age of 91.
"She loved fiercely and was fiercely loved," she added.
Fans immediately shared their condolences such as "Words really can't describe the pain and heartache that you are going through."
Couric, 57, took care of her mother after she lost her father to Parkinson's in 2011.
The veteran news anchor just remarried herself, when she tied the knot to John Molner in June.
Related Topics: Katie Couric , Parkinson's Disease
Join the Discussion
You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer. Please click here to upgrade your browser in order to comment.

Uber cool but unsafeTweet
dedMazay / shutterstock.com
Innovations in the payment process cannot ignore security. The RBI’s move against Uber should be seen in this light
Over the past couple of days, there has been a lot of din around ‘RBI shutting down Uber’, igniting a debate on how the Reserve Bank of India is ‘micro-managing’ online security rather than allowing ‘free-market’ forces to determine the best way.
Whenever a debit or credit card is used, the seller assumes the following: One, the card legally belongs to the buyer and two, once he’s received an electronic authorisation to honour the card, his bank (acquiring bank in payment parlance) which provided the point-of-sale machine will settle the transaction. From the customer’s side, if it’s a debit card, the cardholder’s bank (called the issuing bank) will debit the funds from the cardholder’s savings account. If it’s a credit card, the issuing bank will assume the amount will be paid by the cardholder by the due date.
In a face-to-face transaction (like in a physical store), the store owner can demand to check the bona fides of the cardholder by asking for a proof of identity bearing a photo of the cardholder such as a driver’s license or a PAN card. The store owner could also check the cardholder’s signature on the receipt generated against that behind the card. In an online transaction, how is the online merchant supposed to do this?
The authentication process
In the early days, an authentication method entailing the input of the 3-digit security code appearing on the back of your plastic next to the signature line ‘card verification value’ (CVV) was introduced, that was meant to be the cardholder’s online signature. Soon, fraudsters started copying both sides of the card. What this led to was an unprecedented increase in online card fraud, where hackers who had access to card number databases, would systematically defraud online merchants. Therefore, about a decade ago, card schemes like Visa and Mastercard developed an issuer-led protocol called ‘3D Secure’ to create an online Personal Identification Number (PIN) created and known only to the cardholder. This is akin to an online signature which cannot be copied unless it’s revealed to a third person. However, this led to a huge backlash from the cardholder community which felt that this led to another level of friction in the system. Many online retailers too balked at this, as it was leading to higher dropout rates and therefore lower sales, making them perpetuate the cash-on-delivery approach. In India, the RBI mandated 3D-Secure for online card transactions way back in 2009. This was a smart move as it coincided with the explosive growth in debit card issuance. India is a very different electronic payments eco-system where different issuing banks and retailers had varying degrees of awareness about online security and measures needed to counter them. The RBI recognised early on that 3D-Secure is a confidence-building measure for an already reluctant Indian cardholder who still preferred to transact in cash. With debit card issuance today at 400 million versus 20 million credit cards, the Indian cardholder is more at risk without 3D-Secure. Also, the nascent electronic payments industry did not have efficient dispute resolution mechanisms.
Smart tactics
Today, proponents of the Uber model aver that ‘innovation’ allows the customer to enjoy his ride and disembark at his destination without fumbling for cash or having to enter an authorisation PIN, as card details are pre-stored. This innovation is not new; the hotel industry has been using it for a long time with a pre-authorisation taken at the time of booking. The only difference being, that if mandated, you will still need to use 3D-Secure whilst making the booking.
So, in a trade-off between risk and convenience, what would you choose? Risk your card being used by a hacker in ‘Nigeria’ or protect it using 3D secure? As for the wait time, a few extra seconds which can ensure the security of your sensitive information should not be perceived as an inconvenience.
The writer is the CEO of TechProcess Payment Services
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

The man who turned the economic tideUpdated: September 5, 2014 03:02 IST
The man who turned the economic tide
Raghuvir Srinivasan
Tweet
The Hindu THE RAJAN EFFECT: It would not be an overstatement to say that the background of Raghuram Rajan — with his formidable academic credentials, his sure-footed moves and his confident statements — went a long way in calming the nervous markets. Picture shows the RBI Governor in Mumbai. Photo: Paul Noronha
TOPICS
celebrity
As he completes his first year as Governor of Reserve Bank of India, Raghuram Rajan can afford to look back with a sense of satisfaction at a job well done
Raghuram Rajan assumed office a year ago at a time of soaring inflation, receding growth prospects, widening deficit on the current account and a veritable run on the rupee which was in free fall. A year since, inflation is under control, the economy is bouncing back, current account deficit has been whittled down to an insignificant statistic and the rupee has reversed trend to such an extent that it is the best performing emerging markets currency in the last one year.
Admittedly, not all of it is the Rajan effect. The heavy lifting in terms of shoring up the rupee and reining in the current account deficit was done by his predecessor D. Subbarao but Dr. Rajan managed the fallout well and rolled out further nuanced policy measures such as the special foreign currency swap arrangement with banks for attracting deposits from NRIs. It would not be an overstatement to say that the background of Dr. Rajan — his formidable academic credentials, his initial sure-footed moves that were closely watched and his confident statements — went a long way in calming the nervous markets. So much so that when the markets began to reverse direction soon after, pundits were quick to term it the “Rajan rally.”
Battle against inflation
But combating currency speculators and steadying the rupee was just the immediate priority; there remained the larger problem of quelling inflation and helping the Centre pursue its growth agenda. This is where Dr. Rajan surprised long-term Reserve Bank of India (RBI) watchers who, given his Chicago school moorings, did not expect him to adopt a conservative approach. Yet, that is exactly what he did — raising benchmark interest rates twice within the first two months and raising them yet again in January 2014. It must not have been easy for the RBI Governor, given that the government was in election mode, growth was slipping and the corporate sector was screaming from the rooftops for a reduction in rates.
What’s more, he took the battle against inflation to the next level by targeting consumer price inflation rather than wholesale price inflation, which has traditionally been the benchmark for the RBI. This was one of the important recommendations of the Urjit Patel Committee that he constituted on his first day in office and a key reform measure that he accomplished within a few months of assuming office. The RBI may have tasted greater success in quelling inflation if only it had got adequate support from the Centre, as much of the price rise, especially in food commodities, was due to supply-side factors.
Dr. Rajan also managed to make the process of handing out new bank licences transparent and controversy-free, though he is still far from redeeming his initial promise of licences on tap. The RBI Governor has also not been able to persuade foreign banks to open wholly owned subsidiaries in India, which is important from the regulatory point of view given the experience with the 2008 crisis . Despite the freedom to open more branches that comes with subsidiarisation, foreign banks have refused to take the RBI bait and this will be a work in progress for Dr. Rajan for the remainder of his term.
Some limited successes
The RBI Governor has also tasted only limited success in prodding banks to move away from their “lazy banking” habits. The two cuts in statutory liquidity ratio aggregating to 1 percentage point have to be seen in this context. Dr. Rajan was clear in his view that banks should be more active in lending rather than simply parking their funds in government securities. That bank lending has not picked up in the last one year is something that the Governor must surely be conscious of.
Dr. Rajan may also derive only limited satisfaction from his moves on reining in bad loans. He had signalled an aggressive intent in that speech on his first day when he said promoters do not have a divine right to stay in charge even when they mismanage. It has taken more than a year to see the first impact of that aggression — just this week United Bank of India (UBI) declared Vijay Mallya and Kingfisher as “ wilful defaulters .” The RBI’s resolve in pushing banks to clean up their balance sheets and haul up recalcitrant borrowers will be fully tested in the months ahead. As banks begin to crack the whip, there is bound to be political pressure from influential borrowers, some of whom also occupy public offices. Handling the fallout will be one of the most important tasks for Dr. Rajan in his second year in office.
The RBI Governor also faced his first setback on reforming the central bank when his proposal to appoint a chief operating officer elicited opposition from within, including the unions. Though he moved quickly to control the situation, his moves on this front will be closely watched.
The tricky path ahead
As the growth impulse returns in the economy, the RBI will be faced with the renewed threat of a bounce back in inflation. The RBI Governor has set a target of 8 per cent for consumer price inflation by January 2015 and 6 per cent by January 2016 and he will be tested to the full in meeting those targets. With retail inflation close to the targeted level now and wholesale inflation also soft, pressure is already mounting on the RBI to take a re-look at interest rates. This is where the tricky part begins for Dr. Rajan — while he has to be conscious of his responsibility to keep prices in check, he also needs to ensure that his moves do not end up discouraging investment.
The good news though is that he seems to have struck a good rapport with the powers in New Delhi . This is important, not just in the conduct of monetary policy, but also in the context of the recommendations of the Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission which, if implemented, will curb the role of the central bank. If Dr. Rajan’s good understanding with the Centre is sustained, we could well see more reforms from the RBI in the months ahead.
raghuvir.s@thehindu.co.in

Kharif oilseed  pulses acreage trailKharif oilseed, pulses acreage trail
Our Bureau
Overall coverage down 3% but area under cotton gains
Bangalore, September 5:  
Kharif acreage continues to trail last year’s levels for most of the crops except cotton, but it has increased steadily over the past week.
Latest data from the Agriculture Ministry indicate that acreage, so far, is lower by about three per cent at 986.59 lakh hectares against 1,020.78 lakh ha during the same period a year ago. The decline in acreage is mainly on account of poor rainfall this year, predicted to be the weakest in five years. Despite the revival of monsoon during July and August, the seasonal rainfall deficit as on September 5 stood at 14 per cent.
As sowing data trickles in, cotton continues to gain and now stands at a record of 123.71 lakh ha with farmers in the key growing regions switching to the fibre crop from soyabean, groundnut or maize.
Sowing was affected during kharif this year due to delayed and erratic monsoon. Production of key crops such as rice, pulses, oilseeds and coarse cereals may be impacted on accounted of lower acreage and the heavy rains that lashed several parts of the country recently. Rice has been planted on about 360.61 lakh ha, marginally lower than 364.08 lakh ha in the same period a year ago. Transplantation of paddy is still on in Andhra Pradesh, Odisha and Chhattisgarh and is likely to be completed by the month-end.
The shortfall in acreages of oilseeds and pulses could trigger higher imports . Pulses acreage is down by about six per cent at 97.24 lakh ha over last year’s 103.69 lakh ha, while oilseeds acreage is eight per cent lower at 173.43 ha over last year’s 188.93 lakh ha.
Coverage of coarse cereals was lower by about 10 per cent at 174.74 lakh ha(192.32 lakh ha). Also, the acreage of sugarcane is down at 48.74 lakh ha from last year’s 50.32 lakh ha.
Despite a pick up in rainfall across the country, the reservoir storage is lower than last year, but higher than the 10-year average. As on September 4, the water level in the 85 important reservoirs was 110.52 billion cubic metres, which is 71 per cent of the total storage capacity of these reservoirs. The monsoon continued to remain active across the country, which should help the winter plantings. As on September 5, about 22 of the 36 metrological sub divisions had received normal rains, while 12 had scanty rains. Only one subdivision of Haryana had received deficient rains, while the South Interior Karnataka had excess rainfall.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

SBI MF announces launch of SBI Equity Opportunities FundSBI MF announces launch of SBI Equity Opportunities Fund
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 5:  
SBI Mutual Fund announced the launch of SBI Equity Opportunities Fund - Series I, a three year close-ended equity scheme, here on Friday.
The fund will invest in a well-diversified portfolio of equity and equity-related securities across market capitalisation and sectors. The fund will remain open from September 11—25, a release issued here said.
It will invest 80-100 per cent of its total assets in equity and equity-related instruments and up to 20 per cent in debt and money market instruments, the fund house said.
“The close-ended nature of the fund would allow the fund manager far more flexibility to create a portfolio with long term view and invest into stocks with a three-year perspective in sectors like e-commerce, manufacturing exports, defence and education,” SBI MF’s Managing Director and Chief Executive Dinesh Khara told reporters.
He said that although there is no bias to any specific segment, current opportunities lie in the mid and small cap segments. The fund will invest in 40-50 odd stocks, he said.
To reduce the risk of the portfolio, the scheme may also use various derivative and hedging products for hedging and rebalancing purposes, in the manner permitted by SEBI.
The scheme is benchmarked against BSE 500 and has two plans namely, a direct plan and a regular plan, with both of offering growth and dividend option.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Setback for Salman Khan as Supreme Court slams HC relief in caseApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

New fitness tracker in town and its not a watch; Meet mymoApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

HP sets out case against Autonomy© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4d44f8f2-34f9-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hal Finney  computer scientist  1956-2014© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/17270b14-3429-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

OTC Markets Group chief woos Indian firms to list ADRsOTC Markets Group chief woos Indian firms to list ADRs
KR Srivats
JASON PALTROWITZ, Managing Director, OTC Markets Group Inc
Managing Director Jason Paltrowitz meets top policymakers and captains of India Inc
New Delhi, September 5:  
The US-based OTC Markets Group Inc wants Indian companies to tap the level-1 American Depository Receipts (ADR) opportunity that could soon come their way.
To spread awareness about level-1 ADRs and attract Indian companies to its marketplace in the US, OTC Markets Group Inc Managing Director Jason Paltrowitz is meeting top policymakers besides chief executives of Indian companies.
Currently, there are 2,000 ADR programmes (from 80 countries) listed in the OTC Markets Group platforms.
As much as 75 per cent of all ADRs are level-1.
India is on course to remove a restriction that barred domestic companies from undertaking a secondary listing in markets abroad.
Inexpensive route
A level-1 ADR programme is seen as a relatively inexpensive way for companies to access US investors who prefer to invest in Indian companies through dollar-denominated securities and without taking any foreign exchange risk.
Currently, Indian laws only allow listing abroad through an initial public offering with issuance of new shares.
This stance could change if the BJP Government were to accept recommendations of the Sahoo panel, which reviewed the depository receipts scheme formulated in the mid-Nineties.
The Sahoo panel recommended that the restriction on secondary listing be lifted and also non-capital raising OTC depository receipts be allowed to be created and traded for Indian companies in markets abroad.
New avenue
This would open a new avenue for Indian companies — especially unlisted ones — to attain visibility and gain access to US investors who do not want to directly come to India to invest in Indian companies.
“There is good demand among US investors for access to Indian companies through the ADR mechanism,” Jason Paltrowitz, Managing Director and Global Head of Business Development, OTC Markets Group, told BusinessLine.
Paltrowitz, who met senior Finance Ministry officials in North Block, said he was visiting India to spread awareness about level-1 ADR and OTC Markets Group as a marketplace among policymakers and Indian companies.
“When you talk to an Indian company about OTC, they get worried.
Expresses confidence
“Traditionally when foreigners think about OTC, there is lot of negative connotation. But the US OTC market is very different, SEC regulated and electronic traded. We are not a phone market, but we are very much regulated, open and transparent. This is what I have conveyed to the Finance Ministry officials in this visit and provided them comfort about our marketplace.”
Paltrowitz, who met several Indian companies in a conference in Jaipur on Friday, seemed confident that India would in the coming weeks operationalise the Sahoo panel report and enable Indian companies to create level-1 ADRs. The main differentiator between a listing on the New York Stock Exchange and the OTC Markets Group is that the latter would not require the Indian issuer to adopt US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or be Sarbanes-Oxley compliant.
The cost of listing will be lower in the OTC market with lesser compliance burden.
“We are excited as more companies can come to our marketplace, once Indian authorities give their approval,” Paltrowitz said.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

BJP will decide on forming Delhi govt: RajnathSOMNATH BHARTI, AAP leader
SATISH UPADHYAY, Delhi BJP chief
Capital abuzz with reports of Jung seeking President’s nod to invite party to form govt
New Delhi, September 5:  
Amidst reports that Delhi Lt Governor Najeeb Jung has sought President Pranab Mukherjee’s permission to invite the single largest party in the State Assembly — the BJP — to form the government in the capital, Delhi BJP legislators are pushing the central leadership to support their efforts in this direction.
However, Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay said he neither has any knowledge about the LG’s letter to the President nor has he received any invitation to form a government.
“Our strategy is clear from day one. We have not received any invitation or information yet,” he said. “Even if these reports are true, we have no information as of now. If we receive any such invitation, we will critically analyse it. And we will think whether we can form the government or not, what is our position and who will support us.”
According to party sources, Upadhyay met senior party leader and Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Friday to “discuss” the matter.
Rajnath said the BJP will take a decision on the issue.
“The party will take a decision,” he told reporters after Union Minister Nitin Gadkari, who is election in-charge in Delhi, met him at the North Block. The Home Minister also said the LG’s report has not come to him yet.
The stand of BJP President Amit Shah and Prime Minister Narendra Modi is not clear at present.
Delhi has been under President’s rule since February and the Assembly is currently in suspended animation. Unlike other states, President’s rule in Delhi can be for up to a year and the BJP has time till next February to firm up its position.
With an adversary as vocal as AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal, the BJP can hardly afford the political cost of forming a government by splitting another party.
The AAP and the Congress reacted sharply to the reports of the BJP being asked to form the government.
The Congress, on its part, accused the BJP of running away from elections.
“BJP is definitely running away from elections in Delhi,” Delhi Congress chief Arvinder Singh Lovely said. “They had made huge promises before the elections and this (reluctance to contest elections) is because they were not able to fulfil those promises.”
The AAP said the move will be a ‘murder of democracy’.
The party, which ran a government in Delhi for 49 days with Congress support before resigning, said asking to BJP to form the government will be unconstitutional.
“They had already refused in writing. If the BJP at all forms the government, it would be the death of democracy. I’ll shave off my head to mark that,” AAP leader and former State law minister Somnath Bharti said.
Horse-trading
Senior AAP leader and the party’s Delhi convenor Ashutosh tweeted: “Media reports clearly signal that Lt Governor of Delhi is promoting horse trading. President should not allow him and BJP to play with democracy. It will be a rape of Constitution if a party which has refused to form government once, is invited to form the Govt.”
“We have never claimed that we want to form the government. Our numbers are still less. We don't know who will give us support. When the invitation comes, we will think about it,” said the BJP’s Upadhyay.
The BJP had emerged as the single largest party after the polls in December 2013 with 32 seats, including one of the Akali Dal, in the 70-member Assembly.
But it refused to form the government saying it did not have the numbers and will not resort to horse-trading to stake its claim.
The AAP, with 28 MLAs, then formed the government with the support of eight Congress MLAs but Kejriwal later quit and the Assembly has been in suspended animation since February.
Meanwhile, the BJP’s number has come down to 28 after three of its MLAs — Harsh Vardhan, Ramesh Bidhuri and Parvesh Verma — got elected to the Lok Sabha.
The strength of the Assembly also went down to 67 and the simple majority mark is now 34.
Simple majority
If the BJP manages to get the support of the Congress’ six MLAs, which will also constitute a one-third split in the party, it can cross the simple majority mark.
Then there is an Independent and one more suspended AAP MLA who can be asked to join the BJP’s efforts to form the government.
With veteran Jagdish Mukhi or newcomer Meenakshi Lekhi being touted as a possible future chief minister, the BJP’s Delhi unit is all geared to form the government in the capital.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Week in Review  September 6September 5, 2014 5:45 pm
Week in Review, September 6
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/502ee73a-34ea-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dollar rally stalls on weak US jobs dataSeptember 5, 2014 5:33 pm
Dollar rally stalls on weak US jobs data
By Thomas Hale in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8c6d0a58-350b-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jobs report sinks amid otherwise strong weekCardiff Garcia
Cardiff writes mostly about US macroeconomic issues, with daily excursions into other topics about which he claim no expertise. Before Alphaville, Cardiff spent a little more than two years as a reporter at Dow Jones Financial News covering investment banking, asset management, and private equity. Along the way he has written freelance pieces on a variety of other topics from behavioural psychology to Muay Thai, the latter also being a personal interest that involves frequently getting kicked in the shins (and torso, and head).

Kal Cables can continue to distribute TV channels  rules Madras High CourtHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Kal Cables can continue to distribute TV channels, rules Madras High Court
Our Bureau
Tweet
Justice V Ramasubramanian, in his ruling has set aside the order of the Union Information and Broadcasting Ministry cancelling the licence of multi-system operator Kal Cables (owner of SCV), on the grounds that the MSO was not given ‘security clearance’ by the Union Home Ministry.
Sets aside Broadcasting Ministry’s order of licence cancellation
Chennai, Sept 5:  
Cable TV distributor Sumangali Cable Vision can continue to distribute TV channels to its subscribers ruled the Madras High Court today.
Justice V Ramasubramanian in his ruling has set aside the order of the Union Information and Broadcasting Ministry cancelling its licence to the multi system operator (MSO) Kal Cables (owner of SCV) on the grounds that the Union Home Ministry has not given itsecurity clearance.
“I hold that the impugned orders are liable to be set aside. Accordingly, the writ petitions are allowed and the impugned orders are set aside,” he said.
The Judge said Kal Cables is only a last-mile operator. If the licence were to be cancelled for security reasons as cited in the I&B Ministry’s report, it is the licence of the broadcaster of TV channels that should be cancelled and not that of a distributor.
He, however, allowed the liberty to the Ministry to issue a fresh notice, if so desired, after giving an opportunity to Kal Cables to present its case. Principles of natural justice should have been followed, and Kal Cables should have been given a show cause notice and an opportunity to present its case, Justice Ramasubramanian said. “However, this Order will not preclude the Central Government from taking any action in accordance with law, if on the basis of information available with them, (if) it is of the opinion that any action is to be initiated either against the petitioner (Kal Cables) and or against the television channels which form part of the same group and or about the manner in which permission was granted to the petitioner to be a Multi System Operator on September 30, 2006, when one of the promoters was the Union Minister and or about the circumstances under which the file relating the permission granted to the petitioner was kept back for seven years from 2006 till 2013 without being forwarded to the Ministry of Affairs,” he said in the Order adding, “In the file produced by the Ministry of Home Affairs to the Court (on Tuesday) conclude that there are no adverse reports against the Directors/key executives of the petitioner company, from the security point of view.”
Earlier, the I&B Ministry had issued an order dated August 20 to Kal Cables cancelling its licences in view of denial of security clearance by the Ministry of Home Affairs for registration as an MSO, and asked the company to shut down its services in 15 days. Kal Cables operates largely in Chennai with a subscriber base of around 10 lakh.
The company is owned by Mallika Maran, wife of former Union Minister Murasoli Maran, who owns 75 per cent stake in the company, and DK Enterprises which owns the remaining 25 per cent stake.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Five takeaways on the US jobs reportSeptember 5, 2014 6:24 pm
Five takeaways on the US jobs report
By Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/39616b78-350c-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

U.S. jobs: Signs of strength  pockets of painJobs: Signs of strength, pockets of pain
By Chris Isidore  @CNNMoney September 5, 2014: 1:45 PM ET
 
How to read the jobs report like a pro
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Friday's jobs report was disappointing to just about everyone.
But looking beyond the measly 142,000 jobs created in August there was some good news mixed in with the bad.
There are still pockets of real pain among those looking for work -- especially for younger workers, minorities, and those without college degrees . But there are large segments of the job market where conditions are fairly strong.
"The labor market is not as weak as some of the policy talk would indicate," said Keith Hembre, chief economist for Nuveen Asset Management. "There is demand for labor out there."
Long-term unemployment getting better.
One of the biggest worries of economists during the recession was the spike in long-term unemployment. At its worst, nearly 7 million people -- about half of the unemployed -- had been out of work for six months or more.
Related: 5 big trends shaking up the job market
Now the number of long-term unemployed people has been falling steadily. There are about a million less of them, since the end of last year. And they make up a smaller fraction of the unemployed. Less than one in three of those who are unemployed fall into this category.
That's good news because the shorter the period of unemployment, the easier it is to find work.
Part-timers finding full-time work
Another hidden number that worried economists during the recession was the more than 9 million workers who wanted full-time work but had to settle for part-time jobs -- so called "underemployment."
But that reading which is not captured in the unemployment rate is also showing improvement. It's down to 7.3 million part-time workers seeking full-time jobs, falling by nearly a quarter million in just the last month, and down nearly a million from last summer.
Youth unemployment remains stubbornly high.
It appears that the recovery in the jobs market has essentially left out younger workers. Teen unemployment was still nearly 20% in the month, not a huge improvement from the 27% high reached at the worst point of the recession.
Things are only slightly better for the 20 to 24 year old workers, where the unemployment rates remain above 10%. And things may actually be worse than those numbers suggest. Many younger workers have dropped out of the labor force, either going back to school or simply staying home, because of the difficult job market.
The percentage of those age 20 to 24 who are either looking for work or holding jobs remains near the four decade low reached two years ago.
Racial differences remain
White unemployment is now down to close to 5%, little more than half the peak unemployment rate of 9.2% for whites reached during the recession.
But even with the improving job market, black unemployment remains in the double digits. Hispanic unemployment also remains higher than for whites, but has fallen to 7.5%.
First Published: September 5, 2014: 1:28 PM ET
Join the Conversation

Reliance Industries Arm  Microsoft Set Up Innovation HubsYou are here: Home Corporates
Reliance Industries Arm, Microsoft Set Up Innovation Hubs
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 05, 2014 23:27 (IST)
Jack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
New Delhi: GenNext Ventures, the venture investment management arm of Reliance Industries, has signed a pact with Microsoft India to set up GenNext Innovation Hubs to offer resources to technology startups.
The three-year partnership to set up a pan-India initiative to catalyse the country's technology startup ecosystem was signed on Friday by R A Mashelkar, chairman of GenNext Ventures and board member of RIL, and Bhaskar Pramanik, chairman of Microsoft India.
"The first hub will start operations in October in Mumbai, and will be subsequently emulated across multiple cities in India," a company statement said.
The memorandum of understanding (MoU) allows GenNext Ventures and Microsoft Ventures to bring together key stakeholders - academia, students, entrepreneurs, investors, and corporates - at the GenNext Innovation Hubs and offer some of the most critical resources that startups need to be successful.
Microsoft Ventures will help GenNext identify, shortlist, on-board promising startups and power the accelerator programme. Microsoft Ventures will also provide these startups access to software and technology advice.
"At the end of the accelerator program cycle, GenNext will invest strategically and selectively in some of these IT startups," it said.
"Technology startups, which are a key source of innovation in India, are at an inflexion point today. While the numbers have grown exponentially year on year, the industry is at a nascent stage," Mr Mashelkar said.
While several initiatives are underway to help startups, what is lacking is a national platform that seamlessly brings together all stakeholders and also provides the resources Indian startups need to be successful, he said.
"The emerging trends in India's technology startup space are fascinating--both in numbers and in diversity of ideas. At Microsoft, we have had a long-standing commitment to innovation, not just within but also in the IT ecosystems of markets we operate in. Microsoft Ventures is leading that for us in India," Mr Pramanik said.
"With this partnership, startups in India will have access to GenNext Ventures' deep industry experience and Microsoft Ventures' knowledge and IT industry network and strength."
The GenNext Innovation Hub at Mumbai will provide the opportunity to a select group of entrepreneurs to launch or re-engineer their company through an immersive, four-month-long programme.
Startups in the programme will have access to business mentors, technical and design experts and plug-and-play office space. They will also have access to mentors who can help them gain valuable market insights for Indian and global markets.
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 22:36 (IST)

Hotel fees and surcharges estimated to reach another record high in 2014By Jiaxi Lu September 5 Follow @JiaxiLuReports
(Michael Chester/Bloomberg News)
Frequent travelers are no strangers to extra fees charged by airlines – luggage fees, food and beverage costs, frequent flyer deals, and other fees that are beyond regular ticket price.
Now it might be even harder for people to anticipate the true cost of their trips. Some hotels are following the airlines’ lead and making record revenue from surcharges.
Following the 2013 record of $2.1 billion, the estimated amount of total fees and surcharges collected by hotels nationwide will increase to another record level of $2.25 billion in 2014, according to a recent research published by NYU School of Professional Studies.
Fees and surcharges at hotels are often charged to customers for early departure or cancellation, Internet and phone calls, room service delivery charges, mini-bar restocking fees, automatic gratuities, baggage holding fees for guests leaving luggage with bell staff after checking out but before departure, etc.
Hotels pocket 80 to 90 percent or more of these fees and surcharges, according to Bjorn Hanson, the NYU professor  who published the research. The increase for 2014 resulted from higher occupancy rates in U.S. hotels, the wider range of fees collected, and higher amounts charged at hotels — up a total of 6 percent from 2013.
Emerging as a common industry practice in 1997, fees and surcharges have increased every year, except for brief periods following 2001 and 2008 when the lodging demand declined due to economic slowdowns.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409939103/1409939103000/1409939103 tracking: {authors=Jiaxi Lu, blog_name=business, content_category=Business, in_url_headline=hotels-surcharges-estimated-to-reach-another-record-high-in-2014, post_id=1598, section={section=business, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 5:45:03 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 5:45:03 PM

Sensex  Nifty fall for second day on profit-takingReuters |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 10:57 PM IST
Sensex, Nifty fall for second day on profit-taking
Foreign investors sold index futures worth Rs 591 cr ($97.9 mn) and stock futures worth Rs 677 cr on Thursday, exchange data showed
The BSE Sensex and Nifty fell for a second straight session on Friday as profit-taking continued in blue-chips such as ICICI Bank after a string of records earlier this week, while foreign investor sales in equity derivatives also weighed.
Foreign investors sold index futures worth Rs 591 crore ($97.9 million) and stock futures worth Rs 677 crore on Thursday, exchange data showed.
That marked a rare day of selling, given that foreign investors have been largely buying cash shares this year, worth a total of $13 billion so far, thanks in part to easy monetary policies globally. The European Central Bank on Thursday went further, cutting interest rates and embarking on a trillion-euro asset-buying binge.
Still, when the US Federal Reserve removes its stimulus is seen as the most important factor. All eyes are thus now on US August payrolls data, due later in the day.
Some analysts said they expected the United States to maintain an easy stance, which could help keep a rally in Indian shares going, given the optimism about the domestic economy.
"Steady rise in Indian equities would continue, amid economic recovery, supportive global liquidity, and falling commodity prices," said Hemant Kanawala, head of equity at Kotak Life Insurance.
The benchmark BSE Sensex fell 0.22 per cent, or 59.23 points, to end at 27,026.70, down from a record high of 27,225.85 hit on Wednesday.
Still, the index managed its fourth consecutive weekly gain of 1.5 per cent.
The broader Nifty lost 0.11 per cent, or 9.10 points, to end at 8,086.85. It rose 1.7 per cent for the week.
Profit-taking hit blue-chips for a consecutive session, sending ICICI Bank down 1.6 per cent, while Housing Development Finance Corp ended down 2.3 per cent. Among other decliners, Tata Motors lost 1.4 per cent and Coal India ended down 2.3 per cent. Jaiprakash Associates Ltd lost 10.1 per cent, adding to Thursday's 17.6 per cent slump on continued speculation about whether promoters were reducing their stakes.
 Advertisements

FMC ends its auction panel on NSELDilip Kumar Jha |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 10:55 PM IST
FMC ends its auction panel on NSEL
Depletion of human resources, lack of financial resources and weak organisational structure at NSEL has posed a major impediment in the recovery process
The commodity derivatives market regulator, the Forward Markets Commission, has wound up the Monitoring and Auction Committee earlier set up by it to oversee disposal of movable and immovable properties of defaulters on the scam-hit National Spot Exchange (NSEL).
FMC has told NSEL the three-member committee, headed by ex-judge V C Daga, set up by the high court here to ascertain the dues payable by each defaulter and to recover these, will be on the job. Also, most of the assets of the defaulting members have  been attached by the city police's economic offences wing. These are to be disposed by the legal authority appointed under the Maharashtra Protection of Interest of Depositors (in financial establishments) Act.
Some more assets belonging to the defaulters have reportedly been attached by the enforcement directorate and are being dealt with under separate proceedings. Under the circumstances, all the attached assets shall be subject to liquidation or auction by the respective authorities under the relevant laws.
“In view of these, the Commission feels there is no need any more to continue with the MAC at NSEL,” said FMC in the note to NSEL.
The committee was set up in November 2013 to look into the speedy disposal of attached properties of NSEL borrowers in the Rs 5,600-crore payment default. It was later reconstituted. Recently, the progress of recovery of dues was reviewed by FMC. On the basis of feedback received from the members/investors bodies represented on the MAC, the Commission noted the depletion of human resources, lack of financial resources and weak organisational structure at NSEL posed a major impediment in the recovery process.
 Advertisements

Adani to begin coal mine development in AustraliaNEW DELHI, September 5, 2014
Updated: September 5, 2014 23:55 IST
Adani to begin coal mine development in Australia
PTI
coal
The Australian government in July had cleared the proposed $15 b Carmichael coal mine project of Adani Mining
Keen on expanding business, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abott on Friday said an Indian conglomerate was all set to embark on Australia’s largest ever coal development to illuminate lives of 100 million Indians.
“If all goes to plan, next year, an Indian company will begin Australia’s largest ever coal development which will light the lives of 100 million Indians for the next half century,” Mr. Abott said addressing Indian industry leaders during a luncheon meeting organised by industry chambers, including CII and FICCI. He, however, did not mention the name.
It may be noted that the Australian government in July had cleared the proposed $15 billion Carmichael coal mine project of Adani Mining in the Galilee Basin in Central Queensland.
The approval to the project was announced by Australian Environment Minister Greg Hunt, who had approved the Carmichael Coal Mine and Rail Infrastructure project subject to 36 strict conditions.
Mr. Abott said, “Top-quality Australian coal, for instance, will be available to power Indian households and businesses at the lowest price to consumers.”
Adani Group Chairman Gautam Adani was also present on the occasion.

Suzuki chief meets Gujarat CMUpdated: September 5, 2014 23:32 IST
Suzuki chief meets Gujarat CM
PTI
automobile
Japanese auto major Suzuki Motor Corp (SMC) chief Osamu Suzuki on Friday met Gujarat Chief Minister Anandiben Patel, even as the State Government cleared issues related to the company owning and investing at the upcoming plant in the State instead of its Indian arm Maruti Suzuki.
Mr. Suzuki and Ms. Patel discussed SMC’s proposed plant coming up at Hansalpur village of Ahmedabad district at an estimated investment of Rs.4,000 crore, according to an official statement.
He told Ms. Patel that the plant would be operational by May 2017, it added.
A senior government official said the State had sorted out all the issues pertaining to the transfer of ownership of the Gujarat plant to Suzuki from Maruti Suzuki India (MSI).
“At present, all the technical issues have been sorted out. Concession on VAT is not at all an issue, as we are going to give them concession,” said State Additional Chief Secretary Finance Hasmukh Adhiya.

Revathi Equipment to shift Chennai unit to CoimbatoreUpdated: September 5, 2014 23:28 IST
Revathi Equipment to shift Chennai unit to Coimbatore
N. Anand
company information
Revathi Equipment Limited (REL) is in the process of shifting its Construction Equipment Division (CED) at Gummidipoondi, near here, to its mother plant at Coimbatore as part of cost-cutting measures.
Talking to The Hindu, REL Company Secretary, M. N. Srinivasan, said: “The idea of shifting to Coimbatore is meant to shrink our fixed costs and become more competitive. Necessary steps are being taken to dispose off fixed assets of nearly Rs.20 crore. We have not fixed any timeframe for the complete shift and we are looking for a suitable buyer. We have already downsized the staffers at Chennai.”
REL, manufacturer of drilling equipment and accessories for mining, construction and water well applications, had invested Rs.30 crore in Gummidipoondi unit in June 2009 and it was manufacturing equipment for preparation, transportation and placing concrete. Drills are being manufactured at Coimbatore. Executive Chairman, Abhishek Dalmia, in his letter to the shareholders, said that they started the process of restructuring the balance-sheet to bring it back to health. According to Mr. Dalmia, the sale of land was expected to bring down the company’s debt from Rs.100 crore in 2008-09 to about Rs.50 crore by the end of next fiscal. (Currently, the company has short-term debt of Rs.74.86 crore.)

Adani welcomes repeal of contested mining tax in AustraliaUpdated: September 4, 2014 12:48 IST
Adani welcomes repeal of contested mining tax in Australia
PTI
mining
Indian conglomerate Adani Mining on Thursday welcomed Australia’s move to repeal a contested mining profits tax, saying it showed the government’s strong commitment towards supporting export opportunities in the resources sector.
The repeal of the Minerals Resource Rent Tax (MRRT) or mining tax this week underlines the cost-effectiveness of the Carmichael mine, according to Adani’s official statement.
Adani said that it was pleased to invest in Australia prior to the carbon tax and mining tax being legislated, their repeal makes investment in the sector more attractive to foreign investors, helping build confidence in projects like Adani’s integrated mine, rail and port project which will deliver more than 10,000 jobs and 22 billion dollars in taxes and royalties in Queensland.
On Tuesday, Prime Minister Tony Abbott announced that he had struck a deal with six crossbenchers, including Palmer United Party senators, to repeal the MRRT.
While the repeal legislation was passed 36 votes to 33, it as amended still needed to be given the nod in House of Representatives.
Mr. Abbott had said that the tax was possibly the most stupid tax ever devised.
It further noted the positive impact this has on the ability of the company to deliver cost-effective and high quality coal to the Indian market in the years ahead.
While the approval process for the rail component of the project remains on foot, Adani looks forward to a long term future with Australia, the group said.
“It comes at a time Prime Minister Abbott visits India in the first visit of a world leader to be hosted by Prime Minister Modi, and as both countries look to deepen bilateral ties,” it further said.
“The Australian government’s moves to support investment in export industries that will help deliver energy security in India is a tangible demonstration of this deepening friendship.”

BP to fight oil spill negligence rulingSeptember 5, 2014 6:58 pm
BP prepares for long battle over oil spill negligence ruling
By Guy Chazan and Ed Crooks
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/11a879ee-3513-11e4-a2c2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Twitpic shutting down  citing Twitter fightTwitpic shutting down, citing trademark fight with Twitter
By James O'Toole  @jtotoole September 5, 2014: 2:58 PM ET
Goodnight sweet photo-sharing service.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The company that helped bring photos to Twitter is shutting down... and it claims Twitter is to blame.
Image-sharing service Twitpic announced Thursday that it will close down on Sept. 25 after facing a challenge to its trademark application from Twitter ( TWTR , Tech30 ).
"Unfortunately we do not have the resources to fend off a large company like Twitter to maintain our mark which we believe wholeheartedly is rightfully ours," Twitpic founder Noah Everett wrote in a blog post .
Twitpic, founded in 2008, rose to prominence by giving Twitter users an easy way to add photos and videos to their tweets. Twitter didn't add that function itself until 2011 .
The ability to post photos and videos with tweets helped transform Twitter into a source of news as well as a social network. That was demonstrated vividly in 2009, as CNBC notes , after a Twitpic image of a U.S. Airways flight that landed in the Hudson River went viral.
"It changed everything," Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey told CNBC last year of the Hudson River image. "Suddenly the world turned its attention because we were the source of news—and it wasn't us, it was this person in the boat using the service, which is even more amazing."
 
How ISIS forced Twitter to grow up
A Twitter spokesperson said the company was "sad to see Twitpic is shutting down."
"We encourage developers to build on top of the Twitter service, as Twitpic has done for years, and we made it clear that they could operate using the Twitpic name," Twitter said. "Of course, we also have to protect our brand, and that includes trademarks tied to the brand."
But Twitpic's demise may not be such a big loss. For one thing, there's the fact that Twitter now offers the same sharing functions as Twitpic through its own platform. For another, Twitpic's terms of service are a disaster.
Twitpic takes credit for your photos, keeps your deleted images and bars you from filing suit against it after a year from an incident. The provisions are so bad that the consumer protection project Terms of Service Didn't Read gave Twitpic its worst possible grade.
First Published: September 5, 2014: 2:58 PM ET
Join the Conversation

Meet Facebook s new privacy mascotMeet Facebook's new privacy mascot
By James O'Toole  @jtotoole September 5, 2014: 1:34 PM ET
Facebook has unveiled a new feature that helps you keep track of what you're sharing on the social network.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Facebook users are due for a digital checkup, and a friendly blue dinosaur is here to help.
The social network unveiled a new feature this week that allows users to do a "privacy checkup," ensuring that they know how their personal information is being shared on the site.
Guided by a blue dinosaur pulling levers, the checkup feature starts by displaying the share settings for your Facebook posts and gives you the option to change them. For example, maybe all your posts are being shared publicly, but you'd prefer that only your Facebook friends have access to them.
The checkup then gives you a look at the apps that have access to your Facebook information and whether your usage of those apps is displayed publicly. You can change those display options and delete the apps you're no longer using.
Finally, the checkup gives you a look at the personal information you've got on the site -- your email address, work history and so forth -- and lets you adjust the display settings for that information if needed.
 
Facebook's $2B toy replaces college tours
"We know you come to Facebook to connect with friends, not with us," Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ) product manager Paddy Underwood wrote in a blog post . "But we also know how important it is to be in control of what you share and who you share with."
You can access the feature by logging into Facebook, clicking the lock icon in the upper-right-hand corner and then clicking "Privacy Checkup."
The checkup only takes a minute or two.
Of course, none of this will stop Facebook from mining your personal information for targeted ads, but you can at least rest assured that your party photos won't show up at the top of your boss's News Feed.
First Published: September 5, 2014: 1:34 PM ET
Join the Conversation

Amazon.com s Retail Practices in India Under Scrutiny: ReportJack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
San Francisco: Regulators in India are investigating whether Amazon.com Inc may have circumvented restrictions placed on foreign investors by selling directly to domestic consumers, The Wall Street Journal on Friday, citing unidentified sources.
The Enforcement Directorate is looking into whether Amazon.com's local subsidiary may have sold directly to customers, but made it look as if the sales were made by other companies, the report said, quoting two people familiar with the matter.
India does not allow foreign firms to own majority stakes in retail companies that sell more than one brand. Amazon.com is allowed to operate there because it acts as a marketplace rather than a retailer, according to the report.
Amazon was not immediately available for comment.
The Seattle-based e-commerce company makes its money in India by charging third-party suppliers to use its website to sell some 17 million different products, from books to electronics. Asia's second-largest country is seen as strategically important to Amazon as it tries to ramp up growth and profits.
Amazon.com has said it plans to invest $2 billion (Rs 12,000 crore at 1 dollar = 60 rupees) more in India, where it has slashed prices, ramped up marketing and accelerated warehouse construction to try and take on local competitors.
Indian investigators are also examining whether Amazon exerts control over the prices of products sold on its website, one of the sources said.
"An ideal marketplace should not have any interference from the platform operator," the newspaper cited the person as saying.
Amazon.com shares dipped into negative territory in afternoon trading, down 65 cents at $345.30.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Delhi Monthly Urban Per Capita Spending Highest in Country: ReportModi-Abe 'Bhai Bhai', but Japan Inc Wants Some Things Fixed
New Delhi: Monthly per capita expenditure in urban areas of Delhi is the highest among all the states in the country, according to a report by the Delhi government.
The average monthly per capita expenditure (MPCE) in Delhi (urban) has increased from Rs 2,905 in 2010 to Rs 3,842 in 2012.
The urban MPCEs of some other states is as follows: Haryana, Rs 3,817; Kerala, Rs 3,408; Punjab, Rs 2,794; Tamil Nadu, Rs 2,622; Andhra Pradesh, Rs 2,685; Gujarat, Rs 2,581; Madhya Pradesh, Rs 2,058; Uttar Pradesh, Rs 2,051; Bihar, Rs 1,507, states the report of the Directorate of Economics and Statistics for the period July 2011-June 2012.
The report on Household Consumer Expenditure states that in the urban areas of Delhi, about 39 per cent of the MPCE was on food items.
The break-up for the spending under food items reveals that 11 per cent was spent on milk and milk products, 6 per cent on cereals and pulses, 2 per cent on edible oils, 5 per cent on vegetables, 3 per cent on fresh and dry fruits, etc.
In the non-food items category, accounting for 61 per cent of MPCE, about 6 per cent was on fuel and light, 6 per cent on clothing and bedding, 8 per cent on education, 3 per cent on medical, 6 per cent on rent and 1 per cent on pan, tobacco and intoxicants.
However, at the national level (urban area), food items have a 43 per cent share of the average MPCE while 57 per cent of the spending was on non-food items.
The per capita monthly consumption of wheat in urban areas of Delhi is 6.79kg and rice is 1.48kg as compared to 4.32kg and 4.66kg, respectively, in the urban areas at the national level.
About 6 per cent (2.64 lakh) of the total households are being headed by female members of the family. Out of the total female population (79.60 lakh) in Delhi, about 52 per cent (42 lakh) are married and 41 per cent (32.46 lakh) unmarried; 6 per cent (4.72 lakh) are widows and 0.84 per cent (0.67 lakh) divorced or separated.
The distribution of occupation for households reveals that 56 per cent (23.43 lakh) were regular salaried ones followed by 35 per cent (14.84 lakh) self-employed households. Five per cent (1.90 lakh) households are in the category of casual labour.
About 64 per cent (26.72 lakh) of the households were living in their own property, whereas 34 per cent (14.44 lakh) were occupying rented/hired houses.
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 23:42 (IST)

Adani to begin Australia s largest ever coal developmentUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Keen on expanding business, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abott today said an Indian conglomerate is all set to embark on Australia's largest ever coal development to illuminate lives of 100 million Indians.
"If all goes to plan, next year, an Indian company will begin Australia's largest ever coal development which will light the lives of 100 million Indians for the next half century," Abott said addressing Indian industry leaders during a luncheon meeting organised by industry chambers including CII and Ficci.
He, however, did not mention the name. It may noted that the Australian government in July had cleared the proposed USD 15 billion Carmichael coal mine project of the Indian conglomerate Adani Mining in the Galilee Basin in central Queensland.
Adani Mining had won state approval to build a 300-km rail line for its Carmichael project that will enable transportation of 100 million tonnes of coal a year after construction.
The approval to the project that is expected to provide electricity for up to 100 million people in India was announced by Australian Environment Minister Greg Hunt, who had approved the Carmichael Coal Mine and Rail Infrastructure project subject to 36 strict conditions.
Abott, who is on a two-day official visit here said, "Top-quality Australian coal, for instance, will be available to power Indian households and businesses at the lowest price to consumers."
Abott said "Australia is open for business" adding, " over the past half century, Australian coal, iron ore and gas has powered the economic transformations of Japan, Korea and China".
Abott exuded confidence that the trade relations will be strengthened between both the countries and enunciated the measures by Australia to boost investments like scrapping of carbon and mining taxes.
Adani Group Chairman Gautam Adani was also present on the occasion.
The move by Australian Parliament in July to repeal the carbon tax in the country is likely to help coal exporting companies in delivering cost effective and high quality fuel to Indian markets, according to Adani Mining, a wholly owned subsidiary of India's Adani Group.
The repealing of the carbon tax in Australia will lower costs for Indian firms such as Adani and GVK exporting from the country, Adani Mining had said.
Last month, Adani Mining had won state approval to build a 300-km rail line for its Carmichael project that will enable transportation of 100 million tonnes of coal a year after construction.
It is estimated the rail line will take about two years to build and will pump in up to USD 790 million into the Mackay region and over USD 900 million into the state economy during its construction phase.
Adani Enterprises recently also inked a pact to buy out Linc Energy's royalty rights from the Carmichael coal project for AUD 155 million.

Voters think Democrats are on the wrong trackComments
By Ed Rogers September 5
This week we took a look at the Democrats’ campaign plan for the fall and how the economy is not working in the Democrats’ favor . Well, let’s round out the week by examining another macro trend that will shape the 2014 campaign. The right direction/wrong track question is a staple in U.S. political polling.
President Obama (Jewel Samad/Getty Images)
According to the latest George Washington University Battleground poll, 70 percent of voters think that things in the United States have gotten off on the wrong track and that the country is headed in the wrong direction. It stands to reason that as a result, many Americans will vote against the Democrats. Fair or not, the way to vote against the status quo is to vote against the president’s party.
Obviously, a lot of things contribute to why people think the country is headed in the wrong direction, but this poll reveals something I don’t think I have ever seen before. In an open-ended question, the No. 1 reason voters gave for why they believe the country has gotten off-track is because they “have issues with Obama/think the country has a lack of leadership.” It is a remarkable finding, given President Obama’s eloquence and the White House communications tools at his disposal. The White House has the unique ability to deliver an unfiltered, uncluttered message to the American people — something no one else in U.S. politics can do. Yet despite that platform, the president’s performance is specifically mentioned as the reason the United States is off-track.
We’re already seen how Democratic senators running for reelection and Democratic candidates trying to appeal to moderate voters are actively hiding from the president. But there is no escaping the fact that Obama is seen as central to the problems facing our country. Politically, you are either on the president’s team or you’re not.  There really isn’t any quick remedy for changing that perception. The only thing I can think of that could reverse it would be some unknown, calamitous event that might cause people to rally to the president and perhaps his party.
So what should the president do besides make himself scarce during the 2014 campaign season? Certainly he should raise money, but even then, it seems the only time the president makes news these days is when he says something at a fundraiser. He should do his fundraising quietly. Voters seems to resent all the time he spends fundraising and obviously not tending to the nation’s growing list of worrisome problems.
I worked in the White House during three midterm election cycles, and there is a prevalent belief that the president can help with turnout in the last few days before an election. I actually question that notion, even with a popular president. President Reagan couldn’t make a difference with his Senate candidates in 1986, and it appears anything Obama does to raise his profile is bad for the entire Democratic ticket.
Oh, by the way, speaking of being on the wrong track, today’s unemployment news doesn’t help anyone. It simply reinforces what we already knew: The Obama economy is weak and anemic, and the “recovery” has been mostly jobless. The causes of the lackluster economy are not unknown — they are directly attributable to the Democrats, Obamacare, the rise of government dependence and punitive environmental and labor policies that stifle growth and job creation. There is little chance that anything is going to happen to boost the economy and make people want to vote Democratic between now and November.
Seventy percent of people think the country is heading in the wrong direction, and no amount of clever campaigning is going to change that. The only chance the Democrats have is to go viciously negative early, making everyone disgusted and turned off by the campaign and driving down turnout to be as low as possible. Sounds like a plan.
 

Where to watch your favorite NFL team in the Washington areaFootball season is finally here. Last week, we ran down the list of alumni viewing locations for the top 25 college and universities . This time, we're helping you find fellow fans of your favorite NFL team.
Baltimore Ravens fans watch the 2013 AFC Championship Game at the Mason Inn. (Courtesy of Mason Inn)
Some bars have special themed gameday menus, including the Steelers at Tortoise & Hare and the Seahawks at Acre 121. Others stick to happy hour specials, such as $3 domestic beers at Town Tavern and $9 Miller Lite pitchers at Mason Inn. The best spots reward you for wearing your colors: The Capitol Lounge offers an open bar to Lions, Steelers and Patriots fans wearing team jerseys or hats, beginning 90 minutes before kickoff, and Neighbors Restaurant in Vienna offers 10 percent off to members of the Browns Backers .
Two big moves to note: Both of D.C.'s major Pittsburgh Steeler bars closed over the offseason, sending fans to Tortoise & Hare and Capitol Lounge instead of the Pour House and the Mighty Pint. Also, Seattle Seahawks fans have left Penn Quarter Sports Tavern in favor of Acre 121 .
This list isn't quite complete: If you know of a Kansas City Chiefs or San Diego Chargers bar in the D.C. area, for example, send it to fritz.hahn@washpost.com . Thanks in advance.

Why a U.S. immigrant investor program is being maxed out by Chinese applicantsBy Jiaxi Lu September 5 Follow @JiaxiLuReports
Chinese citizens are swarming the EB-5 visa program, which requires applicants to invest at least $500,000 in order to gain permanent residency. (Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images)
For the first time in its 24-year history, an immigration program that grants visas to foreigners who invest at least half a million dollars in a U.S. business has nearly run out of visas for the fiscal year—largely because of unprecedented demand from Chinese applicants.
Until recently, the program did not nearly come close to hitting its annual cap of 10,000 visas given out to investors and their immediate family members. By law, no single country can be issued more than 7 percent of that total, although the government has allowed any visa slots unclaimed by other countries to be handed over to China.
But with many Chinese citizens eager to leave the country—whether it’s for cleaner air or better educational opportunities for their children—it’s estimated that about 85 percent of the quotas have been going to Chinese applicants. And the State Department is now cutting off new Chinese applicants—at least until the start of the next fiscal year in Oct. 1.
Students who study in the United States are often especially eager to obtain an EB-5 visa since other paths to permanent residency can be more difficult. Eric Zhu, 25, started researching the EB-5 application process a year before he graduated from the University of Missouri-Columbia.
With a major in international business, he thought he had little chance of staying in the United States obtaining an H-1B visa, another type of visa more typically given to foreign workers in the fields of science, engineering and technology. Zhu figured that an EB-5 would be a much easier and convenient way for him to obtain permanent residency in the United States since he could use his parents’ money to make an investment.
He quickly stumbled on a number of agencies that specialize in helping foreigners navigate the EB-5 process, but he heard nightmare stories of people being duped out of thousands of dollars by these middlemen.
“There are so many unreliable EB-5 agencies out there. A loss like $500,000 probably means nothing for a really wealthy family,” Zhu said. “But for me, it’s too risky.”
In the end, he decided not to apply, deciding to take his chances with the H1-B program instead.
Foreign students studying at universities in America reached a new high of 819,644 last year. About 200,000 Chinese students are now studying in the United States, up from 16,000 in 2003.
Opportunities to stay following graduation are limited, though. The current visa system limits the number of H-1B visas to 85,000 for private employers per year, of which 20,000 are set aside for graduates of U.S. universities—numbers that have barely budged over the past decade.
While H-1B visas are often an option for students, only 35 percent of H-1B visas in 2010 went to students who studied in the United States under a full-time student visa. Furthermore, if a former foreign student’s employer is able to obtain an H-1B visa and is willing to sponsor a green card application, the wait time for permanent residency can be more than 10 years due to limits on how many visas can go to each country — a problem that’s particularly acute for Indian and Chinese nationals, which have two of the largest foreign student populations in the U.S.
In addition to investing at least $500,000 in a U.S. business, an investor seeking an EB-5 must also prove that he or she created or preserved at least 10 full-time jobs in the United States in order to secure permanent residency.
Linda Kang, 50, a lawyer who practices in Hubei province in China, said she helped a friend with an EB-5 program application in August. Kang said her friend, who is a business owner, was worried her son wouldn’t be able to find a job and obtain an H-1B visa after he graduated from an American university. Kang said her friend spent a small fortune on the process: a $560,000 investment in a U.S. business project, $20,000 legal fees, and $40,000 for a bank that monitors the use of funds in the project. If the project goes well and jobs are created as required by the program, Kang said, her friend’s son is likely to get a permanent green card in two years.
Starting Oct. 1, a new batch of 10,000 new EB-5s will be available again. But the State Department estimates that it will soon start to see a more permanent backlog in EB-5 visa applications from China – with wait times of about two years at first but then stretching out to three years for applicants to hear back from the U.S. government about whether their petitions have been successful.
The current backlog is estimated to amount to 10,375 applications. The hold-up presents a big problem for Chinese students trying to stay longer through the visa program. If they turn 21 while awaiting approval for the application, they can no longer claim to be a dependent of the parent making the investment that qualifies them for residency.
“Parents need to start early in their EB-5 application process,” said Robert Divine, an attorney at the Baker Donelson law firm. Because of the length of the waiting list resulting from backlog, he said, applicants who are parents should try to file before their child turns 18 years old.
The increased demand has also attracted criticism that the EB-5 program is being abused and needs more government oversight.
“Like any program, there are good people and bad people in the program,” said Stephen W. Yale-Loehr, an immigration law professor with Cornell Law School. “And it’s both important for the immigration agency and Security and Exchange Commission to exercise proper oversight to allow the good projects to go forward and to stop the fraudulent projects.”
In February 2013, the SEC filed a lawsuit against a Chicago-based regional center owner who is charged of attempting to defraud more than 250 investors, mostly Chinese, of investments worth more than $150 million. The project involved a hotel and conference center in Chicago. Most recently, the SEC charged a Texas couple with stealing funds from foreign investors under the name of the immigration investor program.
But despite the risks, Yale-Loehr argues that the program deserves to be expanded.
“It’s a program that’s a four-way win,” said Yale-Loehr. “It’s a win for US tax payers because it brings in foreign money to help develop projects at no expense to the taxpayer. It’s a win for U.S. workers because it creates jobs. It’s a win for U.S. project developers because it allows them to get money for projects that might not be able to get otherwise. It’s also a win for the foreign investors because they get a green card from their investment in United States.”
The U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services estimated that as of 2012, EB-5 program had created more than 49,000 jobs. The government says the program has generated more than $6.9 billion in new investment since its pilot program in 1990.
“It’s a rare immigration program that enjoys bi-partisan support. I think that for all of these reasons Congress should increase the number of EB-5 visas available each year,” said Yale-Loehr.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409944728/1409944728000/1409944728 tracking: {authors=Jiaxi Lu, blog_name=business, content_category=Business, in_url_headline=why-a-u-s-immigrant-investor-program-is-being-maxed-out-by-chinese-applicants, post_id=1455, section={section=business, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 7:18:48 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 7:18:48 PM

Barclays Introduces a Finger Vein Scanner to Access Your Online BankingScreenshot from Barclays
Barclays is rolling out a new cybersecurity service for its corporate clients next year: finger vein readers . The biometric scanners are designed to scrutinize the unique vein patterns of customers' fingers so that they can access online bank accounts and make financial transactions without a password or PIN.
In the short and somewhat creepy demo video that Barclays included with its announcement , a woman sits down at her computer and, when prompted on her laptop's screen, places her finger into the biometric scanner, which looks a lot like the pulse oximeters they clip onto you at the doctor's. You can watch for yourself below:
Advertisement
Barclays assures clients that the finger scanner will "not hold the user's vein pattern and there will be no public record of it." It also notes that "unlike finger prints, vein patterns are extremely difficult to spoof or replicate." The FT puts it a little more bluntly: "blood vessel patterns are much more difficult to replicate and the scanned finger must be attached to a live human body."
Then again, if we're going to go down that grisly path, it's worth nothing that a dismembered finger won't unlock the iPhone 5S scanner, either.
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.
 

Column: Professionalise Indian arbitrationApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Letters to the editor: India-Japan relationshipApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Difficult  making in IndiaApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Editorial: Modi ConnectApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Editorial: Direct to marketApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Competition watchdog probes PSU insurersBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 12:36 AM IST
Competition watchdog probes PSU insurers
The companies are New India Insurance, Oriental Insurance, United Insurance and National Insurance
The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has initiated an investigation against public sector general insurers and their association, for alleged anti-competitive practices relating to third-party administrators (TPAs) in health insurance.
It recently ordered a probe by its director-general of investigation against New India Insurance, Oriental Insurance, United India Insurance and National Insurance, as well as their combine, the General Insurers’ (Public Sector) Association of India (Gipsa).
In its order, the competition watchdog had said these public general insurers are seemingly not allowing TPAs to function independently and have created in-house TPAs to settle any claims.
“The aforesaid conduct was against the prevailing worldwide practice to keep TPAs independent from insurance companies,” said CCI in its latest newsletter, referring to the order.
The four public sector general insurers created a company, The Health Insurance TPA of India, in August 2013 to handle their health insurance claims. The new company is being taken as an in-house TPA. However, it is yet to get a licence from the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority and is not functional. The claims are currently being handled by external TPAs.
CCI in its newsletter said it was also alleged that Gipsa, an ad hoc and unregistered body, was providing a platform to the companies to share sensitive information with each other. This affects competition in the market and also provides space to them for exchanging information regarding claims ratios, marketing efforts and terms and condition of TPAs, among others.
The four companies were not available for official comment. However, senior executives said this issue had been raised earlier and the Union finance ministry had engaged with CCI on the matter.
"The in-house TPA is yet to begin operations and it would at least take one to two years to do so. Further, all TPA business will not be transferred to this new company and external TPAs will still be engaged," an official said.
The common TPA will process health claims. Subject to regulatory approvals, the health insurance TPA will also provide end-to-end ‘health services’. This would include member enrolment, call centre, customer service and grievance management, pre-authorisation and claims processing. Further, it would be involved in provider network empanelment, verification and investigation, pre-policy health check-up and in facilitating customer awareness and wellness programmes.
Health insurance loss ratios (between premiums collected and claims paid) range from 95 to 100 per cent. With stiff competition in the group health portfolio, and aggressive discounts given to retain customers, the losses have been on the rise.
An external TPA handling claims adds to the costs. Hence, public general insurers went in for a common TPA. However, till it is operationalised, losses are expected to continue.
The new company will provide services to support all types of health insurance policies sold by insurance companies in India. This includes individual, family floater, group covers, mass schemes, indemnity, fixed benefit among others. The common TPA has been proposed to prohibit large-scale leakages while settling insurance claims in the health segment.
Those in the sector said this common TPA was expected to speed up the claim-settlement process, as well as reduce the claims ratio of insurance companies. This move is expected to reduce costs for these insurance companies, which pay a commission of approximately six per cent of premiums to TPAs to settle claims.
BIG BROTHER WATCHING
CCI has started probe against various public sector general insurers for alleged unfair business practices with regard to third-party administrators
New India Assurance, Oriental Insurance, United Insurance and National Insurance, among others, have come under the scanner
It has been alleged the four companies dealing in health insurance business were not allowing third-party administrators or TPAs to work independently
CCI, which keeps a tab on unfair business practices across sectors, has recently ordered a probe by the Director General — its investigation arm
Cases are referred to the DG for detailed probe only if the watchdog is prima facie of the opinion that there is violation of competition norms
 Advertisements

Students look for options as banks trim education loansNupur Anand |  Mumbai Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 12:35 AM IST
Students look for options as banks trim education loans
Credit to the education sector increased only by 1.9% in July-March period this year
Lenders have been treading cautiously on education loan disbursal for the past few quarters and as a result, growth in education loans has slipped to single digits.
Credit to the education sector — one of the key focus areas during the previous United Progressive Alliance government — increased only by 1.9 per cent in the March-July period this year. March-July is seen as a crucial period as several students seek education loans during this month to study abroad.
Overall, between July this year and last, the growth was 8 per cent.
“There have been lots of cases where students have disappeared after taking loans or have not been able to pay back. Now that we are trying to keep a tight check on NPAs, we have to be very careful with education loans as well,” said a banker with a private sector lender.
Due to growing non-performing assets (NPAs) in education loans, banks had approached the government for  a credit guarantee fund of at least Rs 2,500 crore.
In the educational loan scheme, it is possible to borrow up to Rs 10 lakh for domestic education and Rs 20 lakh for studying in foreign colleges. Borrowers need not pay during the tenure of the course plus a year after. The repayment period is five to seven years.
In addition, for loans up to Rs 4 lakh, banks cannot ask for any collateral. This particular clause is thought by bankers to have made loans more prone to turning sour.
With the banks slowing down on education loans, several students are now going for other options such as Loan against Property (LAP) or loan against other collateral.
“Education loan is an unsecured loan and therefore, banks are cautious in disbursing it. Even people are more willing to go for a LAP or such similar secured loans as the interest rates are also comparatively lower. Therefore, going ahead, it is likely that several students who can afford this will exercise this option instead of going in for education loans,” said another banker.
In case if one is borrowing from a private sector lender, then the difference in interest rate can be up to 400 basis points. While the rate of interest for education loans for private sector lenders varies between 14-18 per cent, for LAP, it is generally up to 14-16 per cent.
Another banker explains that there have been certain legal cases regarding education loans and that is why, most banks have been choosing to stay clear of them.
Meanwhile, NBFCs have also started getting aggressive in the education loan space and as a result, due to less documentation and comparatively easy accessibility of finance, several students have been seeking loans from these lenders instead of banks.
The previous government had also been planning to set up a separate education credit guarantee fund in order to tackle the loan default. However, no progress has been made on that fund so far, said another industry official.
THE RISK FACTOR
Lenders treading cautiously on education loan disbursal for the past few quarters
Growth in education loans has slipped to single digits
Credit to the education sector increased only by 1.9 per cent in the March-July period this year
Overall, between July this year and last, the growth was 8 per cent
In the educational loan scheme, it is possible to borrow up to Rs 10 lakh for domestic education and Rs 20 lakh for studying in foreign colleges
Borrowers need not pay during the tenure of the course plus a year after
The repayment period is five to seven years
For loans up to Rs 4 lakh, banks cannot ask for any collateral
 Advertisements

Lunch with the FT: Yuval Noah HarariSeptember 5, 2014 1:23 pm
Yuval Noah Harari
By John Reed
Over vegetarian food in Tel Aviv, the Israeli historian talks about why hunter-gatherers were better off and says we must not leave the future to market forces
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/aee05cca-3416-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Eric Schmidt: Google and newspapersLast updated: September 5, 2014 10:13 pm
Regulators have not objected to Google’s answers
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ee8da9ea-334e-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Americans rethink war after killingsSeptember 5, 2014 5:40 pm
Americans grow willing to accept military intervention
By Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f4ecea52-3516-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

AIG and Coventry First trade legal barbsSeptember 5, 2014 9:09 pm
AIG and Coventry First trade legal barbs
By Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1d8264e2-3512-11e4-a2c2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Weak jobs data pose dilemma for FedLast updated: September 5, 2014 7:16 pm
US jobs growth disappoints
By Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/da607940-34fa-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dollar dips  bonds rally as US jobs disappointAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

A whole new level of AppliciousnessSeptember 5, 2014 4:16 pm
A whole new level of Appliciousness
By Robert Shrimsley
The iPhone 6 is almost upon us. Only another 48 weeks to wait for the iPhone 7
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f7d1482-33bb-11e4-ba62-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China attracts slice of global MBA sectorAugust 31, 2014 11:00 pm
China attracts a growing slice of the global MBA sector
By Emma Boyde
©James Ferguson
In the past decade China has not only become a magnet for overseas university students, it has also seen the launch of a growing number of management and finance programmes in the English language.
So much so that in 2012 China was the third most popular destination for globally mobile students at higher education level, according to the Institute of International Education , the US-based, non-profit research and information body.
More
“China has become a global education hub,” says Peggy Blumenthal, senior counsellor to the president at IIE, adding that part of the draw has been the provision of business and management programmes in English.
“In the old days, first they had to learn Chinese,” she adds.
Attracting 8 per cent of the 4.3m world total of globally mobile students, China is snapping on the heels of the UK, which has 11 per cent of the total. The US is the most preferred destination with 19 per cent of the pie, according to the latest Project Atlas report on student mobility from the IIE.
In 2001, when the IIE first started compiling its data, China did not figure in its top eight country list.
Certainly, provision of business education in English in China appears to be accelerating. This month the Chinese University of Hong Kong will welcome the first students on its Shenzhen campus, just across the border from Hong Kong. The undergraduate students have been able to choose from programmes offered by the school of management and economics, as well as science, engineering and humanities programmes. All the students will be taught in English, and the university plans to add postgraduate management and finance programmes later. CUHK says the fledgling management school has attracted five international students in its first intake.
The Shenzhen initiative follows hot on the heels of London Business School ’s announcement in June that it would team up with Fudan University in Shanghai to teach a double degree masters in management programme from September 2015. The high profile tie-up adds to Fudan ’s other alliances with leading western business education providers, including MIT Sloan School of Management and the Olin Business School at Washington University in St Louis, both in the US, BI Norwegian Business School , The University of Hong Kong , Korea University Business School , and NUS Business School in Singapore.
Also in June came the news that Cornell University’s Johnson School and Tsinghua University in Beijing would be teaching a double degree MBA together. Tsinghua is known for its 17-year collaboration with MIT , and runs an Executive MBA programme with Insead , which has campuses in France, Singapore and Abu Dhabi.
Similarly, Duke University’s Fuqua School of Business has just launched its first programme from its joint venture with Wuhan University in Kunshan, a city in Jiangsu province just west of Shanghai.
Duke follows early movers such as the University of Nottingham which has just celebrated the 10th anniversary of the launch of its campus in Ningbo, a city on China’s east coast. The school’s website boasts that its masters programmes attract participants from more than 20 countries.
Other schools have also dipped their toes in the water without making a commitment to establishing a full-scale campus.
But with all this increase in English language business education provision, there are some concerns about the quality and content of what is being taught and questions about its long-term impact.
“Foreign schools could risk diluting their brand value,” says Michael Pettis, professor of finance at Guanghua School of Management at Peking University . He says some prestigious schools are setting up shop in a manner not unlike how a French fashion label might open a boutique in a wealthy area of Beijing or Shanghai.
Mike Bastin, visiting professor at China’s University of International Business and Economics and senior lecturer at Southampton Solent’s School of Business in the UK, also thinks some overseas schools should be adopting a more strategic, long-term view and targeting second- and third-tier cities.
Prof Bastin, who has taught in China since the 1990s, says overseas business schools have a particular advantage. “In China, there’s a high value placed on education – especially on business education – but there’s a deep distrust of Chinese provision,” he says.
Ceibs in Shanghai, which is ranked 17th in the FT Global MBA 2014 ranking , attracts large numbers of international students. Established in 1994 as a joint venture between the Chinese government and the European Commission, the autonomous school is also able to pick from among the best Chinese applicants.
“China is becoming more and more part of the world economy and the need for ambitious individuals to communicate with the outside world is increasing,” says Hellmut Schütte , dean of Ceibs. He says China needs the international business education that it is now trying to encourage and that it benefits both overseas and local Chinese students to have that education provided in English.
“Foreign participants bring the urgently needed cross-cultural dimension into the classroom,” he says, adding that Chinese is not a language students can learn in a few months.
However, the rapid opening of China’s education system to foreign influence could bring its own dynamic, Prof Pettis points out. “The question is,” he says, “can you centralise political power while decentralising economic power?”
For Prof Bastin, the answer could be interesting. “You can’t have the sort of education system we have in the west without political change,” he says.
 
Executive programmes set to take off
 
Overseas business schools are not only interested in the burgeoning market for English language management degrees in China, some are also responding to a nascent demand for executive programmes .
In May the Haas School of Business at University of California, Berkeley , launched an executive level programme to provide what it calls a “Silicon Valley perspective on business, innovation and leadership” tailored to senior Chinese leaders. This takes place at the China Executive Leadership Academy Pudong (Celap).
Richard Lyons, the dean of Haas, is due to teach the programme again this month and well-known professors such as Laura Tyson are also expected to participate.
“I’m trying to maximise the long-term reputation of Berkeley Haas. It’s ultimately about reputation,” says Prof Lyons, adding that Celap’s students are particularly influential. The May cohort of students, he says, included “a bunch of Chinese vice-ministers”.
Top of the curriculum list was sustainable urban development. Financial risk management and entrepreneurship were also popular.
Mike Bastin, visiting professor at China’s University of International Business and Economics , thinks more overseas schools should be gearing up to provide tailored programmes for Chinese companies and solutions to the nation’s new challenges. “China’s low-cost advantage has been eroded. Labour costs have gone up so you have to turn to creativity and innovation and you need to turn to business education to help that.”
Overseas institutions who do get it right will gain immeasurably in the long run, he says.
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Financial Times EMBA rankings 2013Download this view as a PDF Output this view to Excel
Viewing - of   business schools
Table notesAlthough the headline ranking figures show changes in the data year to year, the pattern of clustering among the schools is equally significant. Some 245 points separate Kellogg/Hong Kong UST Business School at the top, from the school ranked number 100. The first 18 business schools, from Kellogg/HKUST Business School to Kellogg/WHU Beisheim, form the first tier of schools. The second tier is headed by IMD, about 90 points above National Sun Yat-sen University at the bottom of this group. HHL Leipzig Graduate School of Management heads the third tier.
Footnotes
1. The average alumni salary three years after graduation. (The 2013 EMBA ranking is based on data for alumni graduating in 2010). This figure includes alumni salary data for the current year and the one or two preceding years, where available.
2. The percentage increase in average alumni salary from before the EMBA to today as a percentage of the pre-EMBA salary. This figure includes data for the current year and the one or two preceding years, where available.
3. This is calculated according to changes in the level of seniority and the size of the company alumni are working in now versus before their EMBA. Data for the current year and the one or two preceding years are included where available.
4. This measures the previous experience of EMBA participants by examining seniority of positions held, number of years in each position, size of company, and any international work experience prior to starting the EMBA.
5. The extent to which alumni fulfilled their most important goals or reasons for doing an EMBA.
6. The percentage of female faculty
7. The percentage of female students
8. The percentage of female members of the advisory board
9. The percentage of faculty whose citizenship differs from their country of employment
10. This combines two pieces of data. The first is the percentage of participants who are resident in the country of the business school but whose citizenship is different to that country. The second is the percentage of participants who are resident outside the country in which the business school is situated.
11. The percentage of the board whose citizenship differs from the country in which the business school is based
12. International course experience: The percentage of classroom teaching hours that are carried out outside the country in which the business school is situated. The data is presented as a rank and the top position is one.
13. Number of languages students are required to speak on graduation.
14. The percentage of faculty with a doctoral degree
15. This is calculated according to the number of doctoral graduates from each business school during the past three years. Additional points are given if these doctoral graduates took up faculty positions at one of the top 50 full-time MBA schools of 2013.
16. This is calculated according to the number of faculty publications in 45 international academic and practitioner journals. Points are accrued by the business school at which the author is currently employed. The total is weighted for faculty size.
Table Extract Options
Placeholder
You selected more than ten business schools, but only the first ten will be displayed.
To change which business schools will be displayed, click "Cancel" and select or deselect rows before trying again.  You can also choose to highlight a specific business school within the results:
Highlight:
2.Select sort column and sort order
Sort column:
3.Select which columns to display
Placeholder
A maximum of four columns (in addition to the name column) can be exported.
Cancel

Starbucks targets on-the-go New Yorkers© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7f2d7fdc-3504-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Starbucks profits top expectationsAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Starbucks to raise prices amid droughtJune 20, 2014 5:41 pm
Starbucks to raise coffee prices amid Brazil drought
By Shannon Bond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6bc3a25e-f888-11e3-815f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Niche start-ups value subscriptions© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cadd8234-2220-11e4-ad60-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wanda  Baidu and Tencent in $814m tie-upAugust 29, 2014 7:49 am
Baidu and Tencent join Dalian Wanda in $814m China ecommerce deal
By Charles Clover in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e1bb7154-2f3c-11e4-83e4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indias e-retailers gear up for turf warAugust 11, 2014 2:45 am
India’s online retailers gear up for turf war
By Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d3f71204-1cbc-11e4-b4c7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US subprime lending revs upApril 10, 2014 4:55 pm
American subprime lending is back on the road
By Gillian Tett
Many new loans are going to consumers who previously had little chance of getting funding
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5e7ade56-bf2a-11e3-a4af-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New lenders join subprime car loan boomLast updated: March 6, 2014 8:54 pm
Lenders race to join subprime car loan boom
By Tracy Alloway in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e396809e-a4aa-11e3-9313-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Emmanuel Kriaras  academic and campaigner  1906-2014© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1897cd3a-2e11-11e4-b330-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nicolas Feuillatte  beverage merchant  1926-2014August 22, 2014 5:49 pm
Dabbler who switched from coffee to champagne
By Peggy Hollinger
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/149c6f0e-294f-11e4-baec-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Air views with due sensitivity: Congress to eldersPrint
Written by Manoj C G | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 3:20 am
With a dozen-odd AICC secretaries asking the party to direct “senior” leaders to refrain from making “negative” public comments about the leadership, the Congress on Friday asked the elders to take their views with “due sensitivity” — an advice being interpreted as a message to not speak out of turn. It also gave a stern pipe down message to the young leaders, asking them to “refrain” from giving advise through the media.
A group of 14 AICC secretaries, handpicked by party vice-president Rahul Gandhi, had on Thursday given a joint letter to general secretary in charge of the organisation Janardan Dwivedi expressing their displeasure over the public statements. They wanted the party to direct “senior” leaders to “refrain from going public” with “negative comments” and had argued that those who are expressing their views in public are the very leaders who have been a part and parcel of the highest decision making body of the party.
Dwivedi has forwarded the letter to the general secretaries, secretaries and CWC members along with an advisory. “I am enclosing a letter from 14 secretaries of the AICC who have expressed concern over the public statements of some senior Congress members regarding affairs of the party which in their view harmed the interests of the organisation.
“I am sure that all colleagues will take their views with due sensitivity. I am issuing separate letters to them also advising that in future they should refrain from giving such advice publicly through the media,” Dwivedi’s letter said. Sources in the party said it has not issued any gag order but only advised the senior leaders to be cautious. On the other hand, the young turks have been told to lie low since they have made their point amply clear.
While Rahul has admitted there was tension in the Congress, the party indicated the issue would be addressed.
“I don’t think this (the letter by the secretaries) was in any form or nature of a complaint or a disagreement. People like to share views, issues about management of perceptions, about management of public information and the exchanges between general secretaries and secretaries take place all the time… These are all out internal management issues which we continue to work on,” senior Congress spokesperson Salman Khurshid said.
He said such letters are often written some of which contain reminders, some flak, some suggestions and some proposals. “No one has violated discipline. People are on the same side. They are on the same page,” he said. Dismissing suggestions that some seniors have been ticked off, he said, “Many ideas come, which everybody shares.”

Flood  rain kill 26 more in J&K  toll reaches 100J&K CM Omar Abdullah inspects rescue operations at Newa Khanda on Friday. ( Source: PTI )
Jammu/srinagar | Posted: September 6, 2014 2:03 am
By: Anil Sharma & Adil Akhzer
At least 26 people were killed in Jammu and Kashmir on Friday as flash flood, heavy rain and landslides continued to wreak havoc claiming around 100 lives in the state since Wednesday.
Fifteen people were buried alive as their house collapsed because of a landslide at Thanamandi area of Rajouri district, while police and army personnel were still struggling to fish out the bodies of around 70 passengers, feared drowned after a bus plunged into a swollen nullah near Nowshera. So far only five bodies have been recovered.
With flood fury worsening and no let up in heavy rain, sources said more than 80 people have died across Jammu region during the last three days, while at least 100 buildings suffered damages due to flash flood. Several towns in the region were cut-off as various roads, including both the Jammu-Srinagar and Batote-Doda national highways, remained closed due to landslides and flood. Srinagar-Leh national highway also remained shut for the second day.
While the IAF has pressed into service its helicopters to rescue people from the flood-hit areas, the Army launched Operation Megh Rahat, evacuating more than 2,000 people trapped at different places across the region.
The Vaishno Devi yatra has also been suspended following landslides at some places enroute the holy shrine.
In Kashmir, at least 11 people were killed in a flash flood on Friday, taking the death toll to 17 in the Valley. Army and police personnel have so far rescued 2,000 people as rain continued to lash the region.
In Uri’s Boneyar area, locals said that more than a dozen huts belonging to Army’s Rashtriya Rifles and 18 Battalion of BSF were washed away by the flood currents.
In the morning, a bridge collapsed on the Srinagar-Uri national highway near Boniyar town. To meet any exigency, Army has deployed 50 columns and kept 71 on standby along with six helicopters.
Several areas of Srinagar city were also inundated due to heavy rain and flash floods. “My family could not sleep for the whole night. This is for the first time in my life I have seen such a bad situation,” said Burhan Khalid from Rambagh area of Srinagar.
Javed Jafer, Chief Engineer, Flood Control and Irrigation Department, said that the situation in the city was stable and water has started receding in some areas. “Once the rainfall stops, the water across the Valley would start receding.”
MeT official in Srinagar said that there would be an improvement in the weather from Saturday. “From tomorrow morning there would be less rain across the Kashmir Valley,” the official said.

Barack Obama calls on allies to defeat Islamic StateObama said he was "confident" a coalition was being formed, with US officials saying the plan was to have a strategy in place by the start of the United Nations general assembly later this month.
Agence-France Presse | Newport | Posted: September 6, 2014 10:00 am
US President Barack Obama has outlined plans for a broad international coalition to defeat Islamic State extremists in Iraq and Syria, but European allies gave a cautious reaction.
Speaking at a NATO summit, Obama said the United States would also try to involve Middle Eastern allies in a strategy
to counter the jihadists, who have overrun large swathes of territory.
“It’s not going to happen overnight but we are steadily moving in the right direction and we’re going to achieve our
goal,” Obama said.
The US president said regional involvement was “absolutely critical” — although the State Department said Washington had
“no plans” for any military coordination with Iran in the fight.
“We’re going to degrade and ultimately defeat ISIL,” Obama added, using the previous name of the Islamic State, which has claimed responsibility for videos showing the beheading of two US journalists.
The executions appear to be carried out by the same British English-accented militant, who also threatened to kill a British hostage unless US air strikes in the regions were halted.
In a further reminder of the brutality in Iraq, Iraqi Kurdish forces and Shiite militias on Friday discovered mass
graves containing 35 bodies after retaking the town of Sulaiman Bek from jihadists.
Iraqi forces, militiamen and Kurdish fighters broke a months-long jihadist siege of the town of Amerli on Sunday and
retook Sulaiman Bek the following day, in the first major successes for the federal government since the crisis began.
Obama said he was “confident” a coalition was being formed, with US officials saying the plan was to have a strategy in place by the start of the United Nations general assembly later this month.
Obama said there was “unanimity” among NATO members that the group “poses a significant threat”, although many cautioned that any action hinged on the formation of a new Iraqi government.
Kerry on Friday co-chaired with Britain a meeting of ministers from Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Poland and Turkey in a bid to win support for the fight against IS.

Home Ministry mulls options on govt formation in Delhi  says will reply soonHome Minister Rajnath Singh with Delhi L-G Najeeb Jung during the ceremonial reception of Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott at Rashtrapati Bhavan on Friday. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Jain)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 2:31 am | Updated: September 6, 2014 3:06 am
The Union Home Ministry is yet to take a decision on the Lieutenant-Governor Najeeb Jung’s letter to the President, seeking permission to invite the single largest party in Delhi — the BJP — to stake claim to the government.
In a letter to President Pranab Mukherjee, L-G Najeeb Jung sought his opinion to “explore government formation in Delhi” by inviting the BJP, which is five MLAs short of majority.
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh held meetings with Union Minister Nitin Gadkari, the election in-charge of Delhi, and Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay on Friday.
After meeting the minister, Upadhyay said holding of a secret ballot among MLAs to elect a new chief minister for Delhi was one of the options that could be considered for the formation of a new government in the national capital.
Union Home Secretary Anil Goswami, who received the L-G’s letter from the President’s House this morning, also briefed the minister on the legal aspects of the case.
“We have not decided on the content of the reply that we have to give to the President’s letter. It will be finalised in a day or two. But there is no reason why we should not agree with the L-G’s suggestions. It is just a formality that we have to write to the President as he is bound by the advice of the Council of Ministers, and in this case, the Home Minister,” a senior government official said.
Meanwhile, Rajnath Singh said the BJP would take a decision on the issue. However, sources in the BJP said it was divided on the issue, with one faction supporting immediate fresh polls and the other looking for more time to prepare for elections.
Incidentally, the Supreme Court will hear AAP petition for fresh polls on September 9.
“The party will take a decision,” Singh said after meeting Gadkari. After his meeting with the Home Minister, Gadkari said the BJP would not indulge in horse trading.
BJP leader Prabhat Jha, who is BJP vice-president and state in-charge of Delhi, also met the Home Minister.
Meanwhile, Upadhyay said various options are available to form the next government in Delhi that include invocation of Section 9 (2) of the National Capital Territory Act, which provides for holding a secret ballot to choose a Chief Minister without inviting the wrath of the anti-defection law.
Section 9(2) of the NCT Act, 1991, states, “The Lieutenant-Governor may send messages to the Assembly whether, with respect to a Bill then pending in the Assembly or otherwise, and when a message is so sent, the Assembly shall, with all convenient dispatch, consider any matter required continued…

Rain comes in between PM speech and studentsTeachers try to protect a TV from rain water seeping through a leaking plastic sheet, in Ludhiana on Friday. (Source: Express photo by Gurmeet Singh)
Written by Raakhi Jagga | Muktsar | Posted: September 6, 2014 9:10 am
With heavy rainfall in the region for the last 20 hours, more than 80 government as well as private schools in Malaut block — falling in Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal’s constituency Lambi — stayed away from Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s speech.
Most schools had 2-3 feet water inside their buildings. Also, the students travel 3-5 kms to reach the schools and hence they preferred to stay back due to the heavy rain.
This block was the same which was the worst affected even last year during heavy rains, as a large number of villages had been flooded due to waterlogging. A few of the villages included Ranniwala, Middha, Mohlan, Pakkitibbi and many others. The schools were a mix of primary, middle and high schools. The school heads had been given the charge to decide whether organising a programme was possible or not as per the weather condition.
Apart from this, situation was the same in border areas of Fazilka and Ferozepur where a number of schools could not organise the programme because of no attendance, while in majority attendance was bare minimum. In about 20 schools in Fazilka, there was no power supply and hence radio was the only option and students in Kabul Shah Khubban village and Oddian in Fazilka revealed that the network was so poor that most of the students could not understand anything.
In Mansa, about 15 villages were struggling to drain out water out of the villages as well as the fields and hence listening to the PM speech was the last thing on their minds. Jherrianwali village in Mansa, which is submerged in knee-deep water due to overflowing of Uddag and Musa canal branches, has been powerless for the last five days. As a result, the government high school in this village remained closed since Monday.
On Saturday, the school reopened and water could be seen only in the playground, but there was only a thin attendance of students. Moreover, in the absence of power and Internet facility, a battery operated radio was the only option for the students to listen to the live telecast of Modi.
Badal Singh, sarpanch of the village, said: “Our villagers are busy saving lives and stock from the floods. In the present condition, it was not possible for the children to go to school, majority stayed back home. A number of kutcha houses have fallen in our village, while cracks have appeared in pucca houses. Cracks have appeared in the school building also and the parents fear it is not safe for their children to attend school.”
Similar was the situation in Government Primary School Raipur located nearby, where only 80 students, out of nearly 247, turned up. Staff of four teachers switched on the radio set for these students in one room. Two rooms of this school continued…

Kids swim across river to hear about Hiran bridgeSchool children watching Prime Minister Narendra Modi's speech in Chhota Udepur on teacher's day.
Written by Aditi Raja | Utavadi (narmada) | Posted: September 6, 2014 10:34 am
On Friday, about 125 students from 16 villages in Sankheda taluka of Chhota Udepur district remained cut off from their school in Utavadi in Narmada due to the swollen Hiran River.
Barring four girls who braved the neck-deep waters and walked across with the help of village elders and the ‘Ghori’ (a round bottomed heavy brass vessel) to reach the school as usual while 11 boys hitched a hike on a local bus and travelled an additional hour to make it to the school.
All this to mark their presence for Teachers’ Day at school, which also included a live address by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
As Modi beamed live through the convex screen of an outmoded Onida brand television set on the premises of the Utavadi Primary and Secondary School in Narmada district, about 700-odd students, mostly girls, attentively listened to the address.
Even during the four interruptions due to tripping power supply in the first 15 minutes alone, students remained glued to the television set waiting for Modi’s speech to resume.
The Gujarat Electricity Board sub-station in the village has been instructed to “keep tab” on tripping lines so that the school does not miss the “significant” speech. The students from Chhota Udepur — popularly known as “those who cross the river” — sat in the front row, closest to the television, representing their friends who could not swim on Friday, hoping to hear their PM talk about the imminent bridge over Hiran river.
Hiral Tadvi, a Class X student, who walked through the neck-deep Hiran river with her Ghori shared by four other friends and a village elder, said missing school is “not her habit”. She said, “The days that we unable to step head-above-water into the river, we are forced to stay at home. But today, the water was neck-deep at the deepest point. So we walked with a village elder with the help of our ‘Ghori’ to reach school. Today is a special day as we pray for our teachers and seek their blessings. I did not want to miss the day today.”
Her classmate, Aruna Baria, who also journeyed through the neck-deep waters on Friday morning, said, “The river is overflowing because of the heavy rains in the last few days. We thought since it is an important day and Modiji would be speaking to students today, we hope he talks about building a bridge on this river. Although our school did not make it mandatory for us to make this difficult journey.”
The boys, however, preferred to hitch bus and tempo hikes through a longer route than swimming the swelling river. Hitesh Baria, a Class X student, who sat in the front rows of the school to watch the Modi speech said, “I was keen on listening to Modiji. I wanted to know continued…

Packed halls for PM address  kids all earsStudents of Belapur Swami Brahmanand Pratishthan in Navi Mumbai on Friday. (Source: Express photo by Pradip Das)
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 6, 2014 12:46 am
Students of Hilda Castellino High School in Kandivali were an excited lot as they listened keenly to Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s speech, along with their teachers on the occasion of Teachers’ Day on Friday. Though the school has an auditorium with a capacity to seat 400, nearly 500 students turned up.
This was the scene at hundreds of schools across the city even though the state government had clarified that screening Modi’s address was not mandatory. “Following the state government’s notification, we had asked only those interested to attend the screening to come. Our auditorium can accommodate only 400 people. We thought a very small number of students would turn up. It turned out to be the opposite as almost 500 students attended the screening,” said Prashant Redij, principal of Hilda Castellino High School and spokesperson of the Maharashtra State Secondary and Higher Secondary School Principals Association.
Meanwhile, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) claimed that they used virtual classrooms and projectors to screen the address to maximum students. “We tried to reach out to as many students as possible in all the civic schools. We have also recorded the speech for students who  missed it or want to watch it again,” said BMC’s education committee chairman Vinod Shelar.
While several schools had made arrangements to screen the PM’s address and included it in the Teachers’ Day programme itinerary, several others could not do the same and will show the recorded version to students on Saturday. Some schools, which could not screen the PM’s address on Friday, have instructed their students to watch it on their television sets at home and note down the points, which will be discussed in school.
As per the report sent to the Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) by the Maharashtra School Education Department, 4,061 schools across the city confirmed the screening of the PM’s address.
Ashwini Bhide, state school education secretary, said, “The number of schools that screened the PM’s address are yet to be known. But from whatever little feedback we got, it seems that there was a very good response.”
BMC Urdu school in Dharavi watch Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Teachers’ Day address, which was telecast live on Friday.
WHAT STUDENTS FELT:
“It was a great experience to listen to the Prime Minister. I wish even I could have asked him a question. I wanted to ask him what he thought about the  state board curriculum as compared to ICSE and CBSE, as the state board curriculum is often looked down upon.”
(Utkarsh Salvi, Hilda Castellino High School)
“I attended it because my friend insisted. I thought it would be boring, but it wasn’t. We too have written questions that I want to ask continued…

Arjun Kapoor: I can t relate to my characters onscreenPrint
Arjun Kapoor plays Savio in ‘Finding Fanny’. (Source: Twitter)
Written by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 9:50 am | Updated: September 7, 2014 9:22 am
Bollywood actor Arjun Kapoor was in Delhi for the promotions of his upcoming movie ‘Finding Fanny’ and said that it is difficult for him to relate to his characters onscreen.
Arjun, who plays Savio in ‘Finding Fanny’, said: “I can’t relate much to the characters I have played on screen. That’s because my characters have always ended up disrespecting women somehow. Having said that, I also believe it’s not necessary to completely relate to the character you are playing.”
“You can’t even relate to any single emotion of your character and it’s interesting to enact how differently it would react to the circumstances. I could relate to Savio’s attitude in life.”
Talking about his uncle and actor Anil Kapoor, Arjun said his chachu will always be an inspiration.
“There’s so much to learn from whatever Anil Chachu has done in his career. He will always be an inspiration,” he said.
In Pics: Arjun Kapoor, Deepika Padukone battle it out in badminton
The actor was accompanied by his co-star from the movie, Deepika Padukone, director Homi Adajania and producer Dinesh Vijan.
“I have grown up watching Anil Chachu’s movies. I feel he still looks younger and better than me. His energy is remarkable,” said Arjun.
Talking about his look in the movie, Arjun said, “I stopped working out while shooting for this movie as the character required a certain slouchy body language.”
The actor further said that he had a great experience sharing the sets with nuanced actors like Pankaj Kapur, Naseeruddin Shah, Dimple Kapadia and Deepika Padukone.
Before ‘Finding Fanny’, Arjun was seen in ‘2 States’ with Alia Bhatt, which went on to earn more than Rs 100 Crores at the box office.
‘Finding Fanny’ will hit the screens on September 12.
I can’t relate much to the characters I have played on screen. That’s because my characters have always ended up disrespecting women somehow.

Dont confuse luck with performancePrime Minister Narendra Modi with his cabinet colleagues Rajnath Singh, Sushma Swaraj, Uma Bharti and Ravi Shanker Prasad. (Source: PTI)
Written by Surjit S Bhalla | Posted: September 6, 2014 12:35 am
One hundred days, and what do you get? For starters, GDP growth during April-June, at 5.7 per cent, was the highest in two years. No sooner had the number hit the wires that the BJP leadership started their chant — Humne kaha tha achhe din aane wale hain, woh aa gaye (We told you good days are about to come, and now they are here). The glowing finance minister, Arun Jaitley, went a step further: “With the long-term impact of all the initiatives we have taken, I am sure the impact in the coming quarters will be much larger.” Why such a robust growth rate? The finance ministry press release reported that “with improvement witnessed in some important sectors, including manufacturing as well as in the performance of exports, along with measures taken by the government, the economy can be expected to show further improvement in the remaining part of the year.” Unfortunately, the “long-term” economic policies initiated in the first 100 days are, like the invisible hand, nowhere to be seen.
As everyone knows, especially the BJP and Congress, India’s economy has been in a deep funk for the last two years, so any improvement was likely to be a star event. We also know and acknowledge (even the losing sides do so) that there has been a major shift in sentiment since the election. And that generally, people are quite happy (subject to caveats noted below) with the historic change at the Centre. Add to this the considerable feel-good factor regarding Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s foreign policy successes including, for this author, his refusal to talk with the Pakistanis after they violated the spirit of the foreign-secretary-level talks by meeting with the Hurriyat before. (They had all the time in the world to meet afterwards, so why this in-your-face behaviour?)
But GDP growth has to do with economics and policy; no economy can run for very long on feel-good sentiment alone. What are the economic policy initiatives that this government has taken since assuming office, policies that helped propel GDP growth to 5.7 per cent? Given the considerable uncertainty surrounding the election (remember hung Parliaments?), it is doubtful that any investments were made during the first two months of the quarter in question (April and May 2014). And for a one-month tail to swing the quarter to a record two-year high? Possible, but not likely.
There are two indicators that it was pure “dumb luck” that allowed GDP growth to register a two-year high in the very first quarter of the Modi regime. The first piece of luck was due to the often over-quoted “base effect”, that is, last year’s same quarter figure was low, and therefore the bounce-back was above normal. But how low were last year’s April-June numbers? As it turns out, the base was not just low, continued…

And now for the brain gainOften, there is a disconnect between the opportunities that are available and what the returnees are seeking. (Source: PTI photo)
Written by Saritha Rai | Posted: September 6, 2014 12:29 am
Looks like the West’s loss will be India’s gain. Hordes of scientists of Indian origin are schlepping it back after spending significant periods in the United States, and even Europe, to grab research and career opportunities in the country. It is an unprecedented scientific brain gain that the country is yet to wake up to and take full advantage of.
There are assorted reasons for the influx, but they converge on a theme. A major economic downturn and a slowdown in scientific research, especially in the US, have coincided with the converse in India, an upsurge of opportunities in science and a favourable economic climate.
A large number of scientists and researchers who headed to the West during the boom time of a decade or more ago are finding opportunities close there, said Satyajit Mayor, director of the Bangalore-based National Centre for Biological Sciences (NCBS). “The opposite is true in India, where new opportunities are opening up and India too needs good people to build good institutions,” he said.
A report last year by the international publisher of scientific and medical literature, Elsevier, noted that India is a net importer of productive scientific talent, registering a 0.6 per cent net inflow. The study tracked scientists’ migration streams by marking their affiliation and country of origin, mentioned in their scientific publications, over a period of 15 years.
Mayor’s organisation as well as the larger biological sciences community illustrate the phenomenon. The relatively small NCBS, which has a strength of 55 scientists currently and adds four or five more each year, is getting a huge number of applications from extraordinarily talented scientists from overseas. “It is a big shift from a few years ago, we have it better than ever before,” Mayor said. Many of the applicants are people who could walk into laboratories or institutions anywhere in the world but are choosing India. They feel that the growth opportunities are here.
“It is only going to accelerate,” said Sreelaja Nair, assistant professor at the department of biological sciences at Mumbai’s Tata Institute of Fundamental Research. Nair quit as a post-doctoral researcher at the University of Wisconsin-Madison and returned in 2012 after 12 years in the US.
Though she had no clear desire or plan to return, Nair said she found that India was no longer close-minded about funding basic scientific research. “The government had become more open and funding was getting easier,” she said.  Even the quantity of funding — a decade ago, it used to be a fraction (even as little as 1/20th) of what it was in the US — began to rise on par with the West and more funding sources have become available. Government permissions to collaborate with overseas institutions have become easier continued…

Boxed in by PakistanIndia needs to respond, either practically or by signalling. (Source: PTI)
Written by Raja Menon | Posted: September 6, 2014 12:56 am
Five years after the nuclear tests, India published its doctrine, which spoke of “no first use”, minimum credible deterrence and implied a massive retaliatory strike if attacked with nuclear weapons. Although Pakistan’s doctrine is still unwritten, there is no ambiguity in New Delhi that Pakistan intends its nuclear arsenal to deter India’s conventional forces by nuclear first use. Since 1998, there have been three Indo-Pak crises in what might be called a nuclear environment. They are the Kargil conflict, the post-Parliament attack mobilisation and the attack on Mumbai in 2008. It was, however, Operation Parakram after the Parliament attack scenario that led to much theorising on the salience of nuclear weapons. The inability to mobilise the Indian army’s strike corps quickly enough led to talk of a “cold start” as a possible course of punitive action. Although cause and effect  can only be speculated upon, Pakistan in 2012 deployed short-range nuclear-tipped missiles that could be used as battlefield nuclear weapons.
Between 2002, when Operation Parakram was executed, and 2012, an argument has been conducted in a shadowboxing kind of manner between India and Pakistan. The Indians have held that Pakistan’s ongoing strategy of abetting terrorism in India will lead to reprisal using India’s conventional superiority, and Pakistan’s nuclear weapons will not deter it. Delhi and the three Indian armed forces did nothing, however, to implement any change in strategy or hardware to execute this punitive reprisal, apart from what had already been designed for a regular state-to-state conflict. Words such as “war below the nuclear threshold”, “space for conventional war below the nuclear threshold” and “full spectrum deterrence to close the threshold gap” were used. Normally countries that rely on nuclear deterrence resort to what is called “nuclear signalling” to convey nuclear intentions to the other side. Signalling should, over time, create stability, thereby avoiding nuclear crises. In South Asia, Pakistan has resorted to more and not always measured nuclear signalling, while India has been over-reticent in conveying nuclear intentions. The result is that there is deep nuclear instability in the Indo-Pak relationship, which unfortunately resembles no other bilateral nuclear relationship of the Cold War. There are no precedents to go by, particularly in the use of terrorists by Pakistan as an instrument of state policy, along with nuclear weapons.
The result is that there is a tactical imperative on India to resort to a conventional punitive strike which, in a stable nuclear environment, would be hazardous. A couple of army chiefs who declared that India has the ability to wage a conventional war below the nuclear threshold were silenced by an obstructive defence minister, signalling Indian confusion to the Pakistanis. Pakistan’s tactical nuclear weapons (TNWs) have been seen by India as a signal that the window for a conventional strike has been closed, thereby boxing India in between terror continued…

Why #RussiaInvadedUkraine mattersPrint
Ukraine’s cyberactivists insisted on #RussiaInvadedUkraine to remind Western leaders and journalists who are loath to use such plain terms that our weak words are an unnecessary concession to Putin.
New York Times Written by Chrystia Freeland | Posted: September 6, 2014 12:42 am | Updated: September 6, 2014 12:43 am
By:  Chrystia Freeland
Last week, Russia’s president, Vladimir V. Putin, said he could take Kiev in two weeks. This week, he disavowed a ceasefire, then proposed a peace plan. These zigzags did their job, leaving the West confused about his intentions, just as the European Union and Nato were meeting to figure out how to counter them. Now, in the information war, Ukrainians are striking back. When Russian soldiers openly engaged Ukrainian forces at the end of August, a new hashtag began to trend on Twitter. Invented by a Belorussian and enthusiastically promoted by Ukrainians, #RussiaInvadedUkraine was used nearly a half a million times in the first few days.
In this conflict, technologically driven activism has become characteristic. Ukraine’s Maidan revolution began with a post on Facebook, and a “nerd unit”, staffed by volunteers who are crowdsourcing the funding for their drones, is operating in the contested east. What’s new and important about #RussiaInvadedUkraine is its clear language.
One of the features of Russia’s war against Ukraine has been the reintroduction of Newspeak into public discourse. The Kremlin has used misinformation, propaganda and outright deceit to frame the debate. Ukraine’s cyberactivists insisted on #RussiaInvadedUkraine to remind Western leaders and journalists who are loath to use such plain terms that our weak words are an unnecessary concession to Putin. It may seem precious, when the war has already claimed at least 3,000 lives, to fuss over the proper use of language. It isn’t. George Orwell, in his famous 1946 essay, “Politics and the English Language”, argued that the battle against poor English wasn’t frivolous because “the slovenliness of our language makes it easier for us to have foolish thoughts”.
There is a case for fudging. By calling Russia’s latest aggression against Ukraine an “incursion”, as President Obama did when Russian tanks first drove in, we could be leaving Putin an easier way out. If he never “invaded”, the logic goes, he won’t need to face the humiliation of retreat. That might have been a reasonable theory this summer, after the destruction of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17. Russia had already invaded and annexed part of Ukraine — Crimea — and Russian citizens and Russian weapons were spearheading the insurgency in the Donbass region in the east. But it was just possible that Putin would choose to end a conflict that had already cost Russia billions of dollars. He didn’t. Instead, as the Ukrainian military was making gains in the Donbass, Putin opted for further escalation by directly sending in Russian troops and equipment.
Putin has already muzzled Russia’s once boisterous free press, exiled and imprisoned opposition leaders and continued…

India and Australia ink civil nuclear agreementYou are here: Home > Collections > Npt
India, Australia ink civil nuclear agreement; Canberra to supply uranium
Dipanjan Roy Chaudhury, ET Bureau Sep 6, 2014, 06.33AM IST
Tags:
Australia
(The civil nuclear deal is…)
NEW DELHI: India and Australia scripted history on Friday by signing a civil nuclear deal for the supply of uranium to the country's nuclear reactors, taking their partnership to a new level. The deal was signed following a dialogue between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and visiting Australian PM Tony Abbott , the first head of government to visit India since the BJP-led government assumed power in May this year.
Abbott was given full state honours during his two-day visit. The deal is strategically significant and will set the template for other countries as it is Canberra's first nuclear deal with a Non-Nuclear, Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) signatory country, official sources told ET. The negotiations for the nuclear deal with Canberra have been among the least troublesome that Delhi had with countries with which it is seeking civil nuke cooperation. The culmination of these five rounds of talks resulted in this deal.
Since India received unconditional waiver from Nuclear Suppliers Group in September 2008, it has signed civil nuclear deals with all P-5 members barring China — USA, Russia, France and UK — for supply of reactors and technology. Deals were also signed with Canada, Kazakhstan, Argentina, Namibia and Mongolia for supply of uranium as well as reactors, nuclear technology and waste management. But despite negotiations for the past four years, a deal with Japan remains elusive over India's non-NPT status and reprocessing rights.
The negotiations between the two sides have been on since 2012 after the then ruling Labour Party reversed its decision to ban the uranium sale to India because New Delhi has not signed the NPT. Abbott's Conservative Party, however, had long favoured selling uranium, or yellow cake, to India. Days ahead of the visit, Abbott went to extent of saying if Australia was prepared to sell uranium to Russia, then "surely we ought to be prepared to provide uranium to India under suitable safeguards".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Andrew Robb tells how India & Australia can deepen bilateral tiesYou are here: Home > Collections > Trade
Andrew Robb, Australia's trade minister, on how India and Australia can have deeper bilateral ties
Sep 6, 2014, 03.42AM IST
Tags:
(Australia-India is a partnership…)
By Andrew Robb
India was Australia's fifth-largest export market in 2013, but in overall trade, did not make our top 10. The $15-billion twoway trade between Australian and India pales against our other trading partners. That needs to change.
Australia has much to offer and it would seem we have only just begun to appreciate the scale and size of the opportunity India presents. Likewise, Indian business has yet to truly understand the potential of Australia as a provider of food, energy and services. The key to unlocking the potential of our commercial relationship will be to focus on our strengths.
Knowing what we are good at helps realise our commitment better. Australia's competitive strengths are in energy and resources, food and agribusiness, tourism, education, medical and health. These are the things we do well and better than most. I also include all the sophisticated services that cluster around these things, such as logistics, engineering, vocational training and advanced manufacturing.
Reap the Potential
India and Australia have achieved a lot together, but not nearly as much as we could have. We need to be asking questions about why this is the case. Importantly, we need to look at where there are gaps in our understanding of each other. We also need to be more proactive in assessing the commercial opportunities and work to make it easier for business.
This week in Mumbai and New Delhi, I have met government and business leaders to do just that. With pressures on energy, food and water security, now is not the time to ponder possibilities; it is a time to act. The signing of an agreement allowing the sale of uranium to India for peaceful power generation, concluded this week, is a clear indication that Australia is prepared to commit to action. Action that will make our trade and investment relationship stronger and more comprehensive.
Better Understanding
As part of our efforts to increase understanding between the two countries, we will hold Australia Business Week in India in January 2015, promoting increased trade, investment, education and tourism. This is an important opportunity because experience shows that when we do understand our complementarities and mutual strengths, we are successful.
Shared endeavours in resources, particularly coal, have been a highlight of our commercial relationship to date. Adani Mining's $16.5-billion commitment to a project in Queensland is a clear illustration of this. Of our $11 billion exports to India, more than half are coal and other minerals. We will continue to build on this.
Australia needs the productive investment that Indian corporates can bring. It is in other areas, particularly services, where we need broaden our approach. Australian organisations are already partnering Indian counterparts on projects that aim to address many problems that hamper economic growth. Here again, where our capability and needs align, there has been very worthwhile progress.
Road safety has long been an issue in India, the economic and social impact being estimated in excess of $50 billion annually. Australian government and commercial entities are advising regional authorities in India on strategies to improve safety and providing technology and services. Additionally, Indian and Australian organisations are collaborating in agriculture. Joint projects in dairy, fisheries and the grain sectors will benefit both countries. India needs to provide new jobs for at least 10 million people every year. Non-farm job creation in the manufacturing sector is urgently required.
Australia is ready to assist India's efforts with 'make in India' by improving manufacturing competitiveness through projects in lightweight materials, production efficiencies and reduced energy consumption. This will directly boost employment and, therefore, economic growth.
Building Careers
Indian students have contributed much to Australia and we look forward to maintaining this important relationship. Our vocational and training sector can help alleviate critical skill gaps for the millions of young India seeking fulfilling careers. Indian companies have been valued partners in Australia. Investments in sectors such as IT, financial services, pharma, infrastructure and agribusiness have contributed much to the Australian economy. These also represent key industry strengths for India, particularly complex technology service solutions.
The Australian government has a focus on attracting increased investment in five areas: agribusiness, tourism and major infrastructure, resources and energy and advanced manufacturing. Clearly, Indian companies are well placed to take advantage of the opportunities Australia offers, including the unrealised potential of Northern Australia. This region has the capacity to supply energy and food to India and Indo-Pacific markets for centuries.
My vision for Australia and India is a partnership that builds on our respective strengths, gets rid of residual barriers to trade and encourages bilateral productive investment. The Australian government will work towards this goal. I am also looking to the business communities of both countries to support that vision.
The writer is Australia's minister for trade and investment
FEATURED ARTICLES

Amazon comes under ED lens; possible violations of FDI rulesYou are here: Home > Collections > Ed
Amazon India comes under ED lens for possible violations of FDI rules
Chandra R Srikanth & Suchetana Ray, ET Now Sep 5, 2014, 05.53PM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(This comes at a time when…)
The world's largest online retailer Amazon has come under the lens of the Enforcement Directorate for possible violations of India's FDI rules for online retail, at least two people familiar with the development, told ET NOW.
This comes at a time when Amazon founder Jeff Bezos is betting big on India and Prime Minister Narendra Modi is trying to woo top dollar by talking about the ease of doing business here.
Sources told ET NOW that the ED has sought information regarding Amazon's business model and that it is studying e-tailer's model of online marketplace in India. So far, no notice has been sent to the company, with the ED is still trying to establish if there are violations.
Amazon India did not reply to e-mail queries sent on Tuesday and an Amazon spokesperson told ET NOW that the company will not comment on this story.
However, Amazon is not alone. This is part of a wider probe that the ED has initiated into a dozen e-commerce companies in India. It began with the Reserve Bank of India sending ED a reference to probe the business models of a few e-commerce companies. This led ED to investigate other companies using similar business models.
ET NOW recently reported that the ED found Flipkart guilty of violating FEMA provisions and may impose a penalty to the tune of Rs 1000 crore.
As per the FEMA norms, ED can slap a penalty up to three times of the contravention or foreign investment received in a case.Officials in ED explain that if a show-cause notice is issued the company is given the opportunity to contest before the Directorate.
Foreign Direct Investment norms in India do not permit FDI in e-commerce, particularly in the business to consumer models. As a result, most e-tailers currently follow the online market place model, connecting sellers to buyers and getting a fee from the sales.
ED is not the only government agency to look closely at Amazon's model here. A few days back, the commercial taxes department in Karnataka claimed Amazon made a back-door entry to enter the Indian market instead of opening its own subsidiaries.
Amazon, however, refuted the same, stating that, "At the outset we are in compliance of all FDI rules; we follow the marketplace model in India where sellers of all sizes use our platform to reach customers across the country. Specifically on the local Karnataka tax issue, we have been working with the relevant authorities to address their concerns. We understand this to be a case where the laws have not kept pace with the new-age online business models that enable a faster, convenient and nationwide access to customers for sellers, especially small and medium businesses, at significantly low costs."
These hitches come at a time when the e-commerce sector is seeing unprecedented investor interest and sky-high valuations. Amazon recently committed a $2 billion investment in India a day after Flipkart raised a $1 billion.
However industry sources say the government's interference is unlikely to dampen investor sentiment. "These are issues that have to do with compliance in structure and the way these companies have implemented and operationalised it. We believe that the government will ultimately work to do the right thing," said an venture capitalist with a US-based firm, who did not wish to be identified.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jabong investors to merge it with 4 other global fashion e-tail cosAccel Partners
(Rocket Internet also operates…)
BANGALORE: Online fashion retailer Jabong is opening up a new front in the Indian ecommerce battleground. Its major investors, Germany's Rocket Internet and Swedish investment firm Kinnevik, are merging five of their international fashion ecommerce firms, including Jabong, into a single global entity. This will allow the Delhi-based company to tap into a global knowledge base and also give it access to new and large investors. The combined conglomerate has been named Global Fashion Group (GFG).
Rocket Internet also operates other consumer Internet ventures in India such as furniture e-tailer Fab Furnish and food delivery service firm FoodPanda .
"We are delighted to have joined forces and have created a global fashion giant which is active in four continents. This will lead to an even better experience for us internally but also for our customers. We can rely on common sourcing, outstanding IT competencies and our experiences with private labels," said Praveen Sinha , managing director of Jabong. He, however, declined to provide details of the implications.
Analysts are of the view that the immediate advantage will be in the form of learnings and differentiation in the form of merchandising.
"There's a lot that ecommerce players can learn from firms in other geographies that are ahead on the evolution curve - from customer experience to supply chain," said Neelesh Hundekari , partner at consulting firm AT Kearney. The company can also leverage the global network it has to get exclusive merchandise. "Apart from money, Jabong will also be able to bring in brands of the other companies to India and will also have a global market for its brands," said Arvind Singhal , chairman of retail advisory Technopak.
Kinnevik and Rocket Internet's statement stressed on the online brands that the five entities, all launched in 2011-12, have developed. Jabong, for instance, has launched private labels Lara Karen and Sangria while Southeast Asian site Zalora has launched a namesake in-house brand and another called Ezra.
But the primary and long-term advantage will be in the form of access to capital. "From a capital-raising perspective, it's a good strategy and puts them in the game to compete with Amazon, Flipkart and Alibaba, not just in India but also globally. The main ingredient going forward now will be cash," said Rehan Yar Khan, founder of Orios Venture Partners, which has backed niche apparel portals such as lingerie site Prettysecrets and international market-focused Indian designer wear site Exclusively.in.
Fashion has emerged as one of the most fiercely contested categories in the Indian commerce space. An Accel Partners report said it will see 400% growth in the next three years from $559 million to $2.81 billion by 2016.
After Flipkart's acquisition of fashion ecommerce leader Myntra in May, the combined entity is estimated to have a market share of more than 50% in the online fashion segment. With the $1-billion fund-raising by Flipkart in July, capital is not an immediate concern for the combined entity. Jabong, which is in the second spot, has a market share of about 25%, according to industry estimates.
However, with other large and well-funded players such as Amazon and Snapdeal focusing heavily on fashion, Jabong may soon feel the heat. Fashion has become an important segment for the online mega stores since it provides better margins of about 35%, compared with the less than 5% in the electronics segment. Snapdeal has stated that it expects $1 billion in sales just from fashion next fiscal.
For Rocket Internet, this is another step toward its proposed public offer in Frankfurt , as it now has a single entity that is valued at Rs 21,500 crore (2.7 billion euros), based on the combined valuation of the five entities at the time of their last fund-raising.
GFG will have 4.6 million active customers and more than 7,000 employees and has in total sold goods worth over Rs 3,400 crore (436 million euros) in just the first six months of 2014.
Rocket raised two large rounds of funding in August $445 million from Philippines Long Distance Telephone and $582 million from European Internet firm United Internet.
Its strength in India will only help Rocket's IPO plans. "There is no doubt that India will become a big ecommerce market in the not-so-distant future. A strong presence in India will add to Rocket's overall valuation," said Technopak's Singhal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Motorola s new Moto G: First impressionsNew Moto G: First impressions
5 Sep, 2014
Tweet
Karan Bajaj, ET Bureau
The Moto G was launched earlier this year in February and was a runaway success. Their model of sale only through Flipkart proved to be very effective with initial stocks running out in minutes and Flipkart's website crashing down.
Now, Motorola has launched the second generation Moto G in India that comes with various improvements.

IFA Berlin 2014: Tech innovations on displaySamsung Virtual Reality 'Gear VR'
5 Sep, 2014
A visitor tests a Samsung Virtual Reality 'Gear VR' device during the opening day at the consumer electronics and home appliances trade fair IFA (Internationale Funk Ausstellung), in Berlin, Germany on 05 September 2014.
The IFA has its gates opened for the public from 05 to 10 September 2014.
Image: EPA

Tourism biz in doldrums as Kerala issues liquor banTourism business in doldrums as Kerala issues liquor ban
Divya Sathyanarayanan, ET Bureau Sep 6, 2014, 04.00AM IST
(The state govt is introducing…)
MUMBAI: Some people in Sri Lanka are really pleased that the Kerala government is introducing prohibition in a phased manner. Not for the supposedly beneficial effects it may have on the average Malayalee's health but because the highly lucrative conference business could move lock, stock and barrel from Kerala to the island-nation, or even further afield to Bali.
Already, Rolex is said to be wondering whether to shift its trip scheduled for November. The ban on alcohol could see Kerala lose almost half its tourism business, according to some estimates.
Jose Dominic, managing director of CGH Earth Group and one of those responsible for establishing Kerala as a tourism destination, ex-pects a dip of almost 40% in busi-ness during the peak winter season that runs from October to March. The signs are ominous. Luxury watch maker Rolex had hired rooms at four CGH Earth Group properties for top executives it's flying in from around the globe.
But all four hotels are set to lose their bar licences on September 12 as they are not five star properties. An Indian agriculture machines manufacturer taking 800 of its top dealers from across the country to Kumarakom and Munnar this win-ter has put its plans on hold.
A wealthy businessman from London wants to celebrate his birthday with a large group of friends and family in India. A lavish party is planned at Cochin's celebrated four-star hotel Brunton Boatyard, which is one of those owned by CGH that will soon have to stop serving liquor.
The dramatic ban announced by chief minister Oommen Chandy on August 22 has won him points among influential sections in Kerala, given that alcohol is seen as the root of several of the state's ills and has the highest per capita consumption. But hoteliers are at their wit's end wondering what to do since so much is still not clear. That uncertainty is the last thing their clients need.
"They want clarity," said Shilendran Mohan, vice-president, sales, at CGH Earth. "The party will be in trouble if we can't serve liquor." CGH has asked Rolex to give it a few days before it can come up with an answer. "We have told them to give us time till September 15 as we are trying to find a solution. If we are unable to, we might lose this business to Sri Lanka," Mohan said.
In an email, Rolex India said it has no association with the activities. Sandeep Kalra, director of Discover India, the tour operator that is organising the trip for Rolex, has also been fielding calls. "Rolex has been asking about the alcohol ban. They are now saying they will have to can-cel and might go to Bali," he said.
Discover India has several other international groups due to come to Kerala this winter. All of them have been seeking information and could eventually cancel, Kalra said. "We are all taken aback. People today have hundreds of desti-nations to choose from. They will go elsewhere."
  There are two kinds of liquor licences in the state — a full bar licence and a beer and wine licence. The first allows the sale of hard liquor, while the second restricts it to the milder beverages. Five-star hotels can continue to operate, but establishments with a full bar licence will have to shut from September 12. Those with a beer and wine licence can continue to serve them but on-ly a few hotels ever opted for just this permit.
Johny Abraham George, managing director of Intersight Tours and Travels, has been busy answering frantic phone calls from overseas. "We have started getting cancellations of MICE (meetings, incentives, conferences, exhibitions) events as most of these have net-working dinners which thrive on alcohol," said George. His company has lost two MICE events that would have seen about 80-100 people attending and were scheduled between October and December.
Rajeev Kohli, joint managing director of Creative Travel, said his agency is already considering alternative destinations for two large conferences that wanted to come to Kerala next year. "We don't have a choice but to move to Sri Lanka. The client wants the Kerala kind of ambience and atmosphere that we can't get in any other part of the country," he said.
The state has also said that Sundays will become dry days, which would bring the total number in the year to 52. "The moment you say that Sunday is a dry day, then we will lose the business to other states. It is going to be a challenge," said Saji Joseph, general manager at the five-star Le Meridien Kochi, which hosts large conventions. About 15% of all foreign tourists coming to India visit Kerala, which clocked total revenues, both direct and indirect, of around Rs 22,927 crore from tourism in 2013.

Automotive industry unit in Tihar to be run by inmatesYou are here: Home > Collections
Automotive industry unit in Tihar to be run by inmates
PTI Sep 6, 2014, 02.31PM IST
Tags:
automotive industry
(For the first time in the…)
NEW DELHI: For the first time in the history of Indian automotive industry , a manufacturing unit has been set up inside a jail premises where work will be carried out by prison inmates.
The Director General of Delhi prisons, Alok Verma, today inaugurated the small scale automotive workshop in Jail number 2 of Tihar here, under a public-private partnership providing training and employment opportunities for the inmates.
The manufacturing unit has been set up by Minda Furukawa Electric Pvt. Ltd (MFE), a joint venture company between Spark Minda, Ashok Minda Group of India and Furukawa of Japan.
The company develops and produces the entire range of wiring harness for four wheelers, and components related to wiring harness.
"The inmates will profit in both long term and short term working here. They will be paid wages and will gain work experience which will be useful for them to rehabilitate themselves after completing their terms here," Delhi prisons DIG and PRO Mukesh Prasad said.
The inmates working here will be supervised by professionals and will earn more wages in comparison to other inmates working in the jail.
"We are hopeful of making the inmates able to earn their living once they are out of jail by gaining technical experience," Prasad said.
The venture was inaugurated in the presence of Delhi prisons DG, DIG, Chairperson of Spark Munda, Sarika Minda, President of MFE, A Maenishi and other senior officials.
Chief Marketing Officer of the Spark Minda Group said, "This initiative will certainly produce a sustainable collaborative social business model, which will benefit the convicts of Tihar Jail, their families and victims also.
"We are certainly exploring such avenues at other places also... The investments at Tihar includes machinery, raw material and other quality systems and procedures as laid down per policy and the facility will be run by jail convicts under the supervision of MFE.
"In this manufacturing unit, Wire Harness product, a key automotive component, will be manufactured by the Jail convicts," he said. Initially 30 to 35 inmates are working on this joint project which is likely to be increased in future, Prasad said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jellyfish blooms during ganapati immersionsYou are here: Home > Collections
Jellyfish blooms during ganapati immersions
Vikram Doctor Sep 6, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Aquatic Biology and Fisheries University of Kerala
(Mumbaikars forget about…)
MUMBAI: As the Ganapati festival comes to its annual climax, thousands of Mumbai's citizens are flocking to the city's beaches to immerse their idols in the waves. And not a few may receive a nasty shock or, more accurately, a painful sting. Year on year the reports of people reporting jellyfish stings during immersions seems to be increasing.
This is partly due to the festival's timing at the end of the monsoon, when its winds are still in force. Deepak Apte, chief operating officer of Bombay Natural History Society and a wellknown marine biologist points out that jellyfish tend to be pelagic (living in the open sea), but "change in currents and winds usually drive them to the shore.
It's a usual pattern but with increasing density, abundance of jellyfish contacts with humans are more frequent".
Once the festival is done though, the city forgets about the issue. Mumbai is one seaside city with, oddly, little interaction with its sea. People pay astronomical prices for a flat with a sea view, but only a few actually go into or on the sea. There is little waterborne transport, yachting is for very few, most swimming happens in pools, fishing is left to trawlers and the Koli community and even those who soak in the waves at Juhu beach tend to be visitors to the city.
If Mumbaikars interacted more with the sea they might realise that their seasonal jellyfish problems may be just one painfully visible tip of a much larger issue. Across the world jellyfish populations and the problems they bring are increasing dramatically, and stings are the least of the problems. Jellyfish have destroyed salmon farms and are killing fisheries by simply leaving no space for other marine life. They have shut down nuclear power plants and desalination facilities by clogging the pipes that bring in the seawater they use.
A spokesperson for Wabag, a leading desalination company, says their Indian plant has so far not faced a problem but they have faced jellyfish attacks in an overseas plant in Oman: "It lasts for about seven days and blocks the water path thereby [leading to] sometimes shutdown of the plant." He says power plants have also been seriously affected due to clogging of intake screens (for seawater which is used to cool the water used for cooling nuclear cores), which forces them to reduce their loads.
BF Chhapgar, a marine biologist, who used to run the Taraporewala Aquarium recalls being called years ago to advise the Tarapur Atomic Power Station on jellyfish. "They suggested using acoustic devices to scare them away, but jellyfish can't hear. Then they suggested electrocuting them, but I pointed out that sea water is a good conductor of electricity so they would electrocute everything else around!"
Chhapgar came up with a lowtech solution of multiple screens, so clogged ones could be removed and let dry. The jellyfish would shrivel and could be cleaned off. Solutions like this have proven effective, yet there are times when the sheer mass of jellyfish can be overwhelming. Jellyfish blooms are the name given to sudden population explosions and their extant can be amazing. In April-June 2000, a tomato-sized and coloured species bloomed along 1,200 km of the coast of Western Australia, causing a thick red band along the shore.
Jellyfish are not just a marine phenomenon, but are moving up rivers as well. In China, the completion of the Three Gorges dam on the Yangtze River around 2003 created a perfect environment for the lion's mane jellyfish (Cyanea).
  In 1998, it was found in less than half a percentage of samples; by May 2004 it had grown to 98% of total catches, causing huge problems for fisheries. The Black Sea is another example, where run-off from unrestricted fertiliser use from surrounding countries lead to an invasive jellyfish becoming its dominant life-form and stifling most other fish life.
These examples are from marine biologist Lisa-ann Gershwin impassioned book, 'Stung! On Jellyfish Blooms and the Future of the Oceans'. Scary and devastating as the blooms are, she points out that the real danger lies in the conditions that have allowed these blooms to take place. Put succinctly, she says, "ecosystems are stressed and jellyfish are taking advantage".
Many of their natural predators have been killed off by overfishing or, as with sea turtles, destruction of their breeding habitats. Pollution is degrading sea shores and man-made climate change may be leading to warming and acidification of the oceans.
All of which, says Gershwin, is great for jellyfish. "They have been around at least 565 million years, and probably far longer... Jellyfish are among the world's most successful organisms, having survived freezes, thaws, superheated conditions, shifting and rearranging of continents, mass extinctions, meteor strikes, predators, competitors, and even man."

Apple seeks old magic with new product launches next weekYou are here: Home > Collections > Apple
Apple seeks old magic with new product launches next week
AFP Sep 6, 2014, 07.06AM IST
(Apple could use its services…)
SAN FRANCISCO: With its highly awaited product launch next week, Apple is aiming for a new "big thing" as the iconic gadget-maker finds itself under pressure over a celebrity photo theft scandal.
Apple has been customarily tight-lipped ahead of its Tuesday event at a performing arts center where late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs introduced the Macintosh computer 30 years ago.
But those who follow Apple are expecting bigger versions of the iPhone and -- perhaps more significantly -- an entry into wearables with an "iWatch" at the event led by Apple chief Tim Cook.
The choice of venue has fueled talk that Apple will crash the wearable computing party with a health-themed smartwatch, in a bid to dominate the segment the same way it ruled smartphones, tablets and MP3 players with iPhones, iPads and iPods.
"This is probably the last major thing that Steve personally will give us," Creative Strategies president Tim Bajarin said.
"It is Tim Cook's design, but the genesis began with Steve's journey through health issues."
Bajarin says the impetus for a wearable Apple device came from Jobs and his frustration with the health care system while battling the illness that took his life in late 2011.
Apple could use its services such as online data storage locker iCloud to aggregate health information and act as a mediator with the health care industry.
"You could see this being bigger for Apple than the music industry," Bajarin said, referring to the company's prosperous iTunes store.
"Money spent on health care makes the money spent in the music industry look like peanuts."
Cook has stated that wearable computing makes more sense on the wrist than in eyewear such as Google Glass.
Apple is fine-tuning a new mobile operating system that could allow for mobile payments and includes a health platform, which could mesh nicely with an "iWatch" for tracking activity, sleep, pulse and more and connecting to an iPhone or iPad.
While Apple is not the first to dive into the business of building brains into wearable devices, the company is likely to set its offering apart with a trademark blend of style and innovation.
"Apple did not introduce the MP3 player, they made it better; they didn't invent the smartphone, they made it better; they didn't invent the tablet, they made it better," Bajarin said.
"They will put their design genius and back-end content networks into a wearable."
Apple is likely to unveil the iWatch form and design to entice software developers to tailor applications for hardware that won't be available for months.
"I believe it will be another historic product for Apple," Bajarin said.
Confidence is high, and timing is right, for Apple to introduce new-generation iPhone 6 models with screen sizes stretched to tap into love for "phablets" combining features of smartphones and tablets.
"Frankly that's one of the things they need to do to improve their standing in the market," Forrester analyst Frank Gillett said of iPhones getting bigger.
"Much of the market popularity of smartphones has been driven by large screens."
Apple has seen sales growth for iPhones, but slower than its rivals like Samsung. The iPhone has a leading share in the US market of some 40 percent, but its worldwide share of the smartphone market is less than 12 percent, according to surveys.
Gartner analyst Van Baker predicts Apple will unveil an iPhone 6 with a screen increased to 4.7 inches, and that odds are strong for a 5.5-inch version.
New iPhones are also expected to feature near-field communication chips that will let them be used as mobile wallets, challenging services such as Square or Google Wallet.
Apple would be asking people to trust it with health and more financial data after taking a bruising over the release of nude photos of celebrities including Oscar winner Jennifer Lawrence from its cloud.
Apple says there was no breach of its iCloud and that the celebrities had their accounts hacked by using easy-to-guess passwords, or by giving up their personal data to cybercriminals posing as Apple.
Cook told the Wall Street Journal that Apple would step up its iCloud security by sending alerts when attempts are made to change passwords or access iCloud data on new devices.
Jack Gold, analyst with J. Gold Associates, argues that "this will go away, unless it happens again in the near term. But it is certainly a black eye for Apple."
If Apple delivers on expectations Tuesday, it could regain some of the shine rubbed off by the celebrity photo hacking.
"Once the market understands what Apple is doing here, and the ultimate potential, they will realize that Apple has another blockbuster on its hands," Bajarin said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Market needs Rs 12 000 crore every month to sustain current rallyMarket needs Rs 12,000 crore every month to sustain current rally
Biswajit Baruah, ET Bureau Sep 6, 2014, 10.23AM IST
Tags:
FII
(The rally in August makes…)
The Indian market needs at least $2 billion, or Rs 12,000 crore, every month for the current bull-market rally to sustain, an analysis of data from the past several months shows. The rally in August makes this clearer, with mutual funds finally staging the rescue act, pumping in about Rs 7,000 crore as foreign institutional investor ( FII ) flows started withering. FIIs have invested $887 million, or Rs 5,429 crore, in the past month, which is about one-third of the previous five-month average flows ($2.3 billion).
The Indian market is the best performing one globally this year, with the Bombay Stock Exchange's benchmark Sensex gaining about 30% in dollar terms. FIIs have been the main drivers of the rally, investing more than $13 billion this year so far, the highest in an emerging market.The Sensex has been hitting new highs every month since March, when it crossed the 22,000 mark.
But, the journey henceforth won't be an easy task unless local equities continue to attract inflows of more than Rs 12,000 crore month after month.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SHOCKING: Bollywood stars  strip-show in pics!Photo uploaded by Pankaj Rana
on Sep 04, 2014 , 01:52 pm
16939 Views  |  12  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Sherlyn Chopra became the first Indian women to go full naked for international magazine Playboy’s cover shoot. While a lot of protests took place back home in India, but Sherlyn was unperturbed and continued having fun showing off her naked side.   Image Source: Procured via Google Search.
Sherlyn Chopra became the first Indian women to go full naked for international magazine Playboy’s cover shoot. While a lot of protests took place back home in India, but Sherlyn was unperturbed and continued having fun showing off her naked side.   Image Source: Procured via Google Search.

Vote: Most awkward pairing in Bollywoodon Sep 04, 2014 , 05:22 pm
1902 Views
(2)
(65)
These on-screen match weren't quite made in heaven. In fact these unusual jodis of Bollywood, grabbed quite an eyeball. According to you which has been the most odd pairing on the silver screen so far? Vote now!
Katrina Kaif and Govinda
Jiah Khan and Amitabh Bachchan
Ranbir Kapoor and Konkona Sen
Vidya Balan and Naseeruddin Shah
Aishwarya Rai and Ajay Devgn
Akshay Kumar and Rekha
Boman Irani and Farah Khan
Bipasha Basu and Nawazuddin

Sania Mirza s unknown facts in picsPhoto uploaded by Shailendra Dhodi
on Jul 25, 2014 , 11:16 am
10995 Views  |  4  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Sania Mirza has courted controversies on and off the court. Destiny, fame and fortune have played their part in her life. And yet despite all the controversies, Sania continues to be a youth icon.  Image courtesy: Procured via Google Search
Sania Mirza has courted controversies on and off the court. Destiny, fame and fortune have played their part in her life. And yet despite all the controversies, Sania continues to be a youth icon.  Image courtesy: Procured via Google Search

Priyanka Chopra s HOTTEST photos on the net!Photo uploaded by Shailendra Dhodi
on Oct 28, 2013 , 05:33 pm
9019 Views  |  1  Comment  |  
Report Abuse
Priyanka Chopra is one of the most successful Indian actresses who have come a long way in Bollywood and is here to stay.  Image Source: Procured via Google Search.
Priyanka Chopra is one of the most successful Indian actresses who have come a long way in Bollywood and is here to stay.  Image Source: Procured via Google Search.

India  Australia seal civil nuclear dealNew Delhi, September 5, 2014
Updated: September 6, 2014 05:35 IST
India, Australia seal civil nuclear deal
Suhasini Haidar
The Hindu Prime Minister Narendra Modi shakes hands with his Australian counterpart Tony Abbott before their meeting at Hyderabad House in New Delhi on Friday. Photo: R.V. Moorthy
PTI Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott offers floral tribute to Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat on Friday.
TOPICS
nuclear policy
India and Australia, which has about a third of the world’s recoverable uranium resources and exports nearly 7,000 tonnes of it a year, launched uranium sales talks in 2012.
In a major step towards realising its nuclear energy ambitions, India signed a civil nuclear cooperation agreement with Australia here on Friday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Australian counterpart, Tony Abbott, were present during the signing of the agreement. The two nations have held five rounds of negotiations on the deal since 2012, when Australia reversed its policy on nuclear sales to India. The policy was based on India’s refusal to sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
Mr. Abbott told The Hindu that the exception was made in view of India’s “model behaviour” on its nuclear capabilities. “From the time of Independence, India has scrupulously followed international laws regardless of the ups and downs of the political situation in New Delhi. There is a very high level of trust between us, and that is why we are signing this agreement,” he said.
Australia will now be a “long-term reliable supplier of uranium to India,” said an External Affairs Ministry press release, and will provide for the “supply of uranium, production of radio isotopes, nuclear safety and other areas of cooperation.”
Mr. Abbott said he was keen that more Indian investment should follow the nuclear deal signed on Friday, which clears uranium sales to India. In an exclusive interview to The Hindu, Mr Abbott said he would “welcome” Indian companies in the energy and infrastructure sectors. In particular, he mentioned the Gujarat-based Adani Group and the Andhra-based GVK Group for their large investments in the recent past, defending them against allegations by environmental organisations like Greenpeace.
“Environmental groups are very hard to please and we have very high environmental standards in Australia. I am confident that there can be no reasonable objection to the current proposal. Adani Group is speaking of $16 billion for this mine, and India’s investments of under $20 billion will almost double the total amount,” said Mr. Abbott.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will visit Australia in November this year to attend the G-20 summit, when he is expected to face international pressure over India’s decision not to sign the WTO trade facilitation agreement.
Mr. Abbott said he was keen to negotiate a Free Trade Agreement (FTA) as soon as possible.
Mr. Abbott also said India must take the recent video by al-Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri, announcing a branch of the terror group in the Indian subcontinent, seriously. In bilateral talks, Mr. Abbott and Mr. Modi discussed counter-terror cooperation.
Mr. Abbott said: “I think the difficulty is that this movement, this ‘death cult’ has proven horribly attractive to too many people. There are some 60 Australians who are or have been fighting with terrorist groups in Syria and Iraq, some with Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, and that’s appalling beyond belief.”

Root hundred finally secures England a win in the ODI seriesUpdated: September 6, 2014 04:58 IST
Root hundred finally secures England a win in the ODI series
PTI
Tweet
AP SOLID: Joe Root mixed caution with aggression to carve out a match-winning three-figure knock.
AP England's Joe Root celebrates after scoring a century during the fifth One Day International match against India at Headingley cricket ground, Leeds on Friday.
TOPICS
One-day cricket
Joe Root smashed his second ODI century as England prevented India from securing a clean sweep with a consolatory 41-run win in the inconsequential fifth cricket match, in Leeds on Friday.
Root struck 113 runs as England put on board a challenging 294 for seven and then bowled out the visitors for 253 in 48.4 even as India won the series 3-1 on the back of their previous victories.
India, who dominated the series with their consistent show, opted to bowl but Root’s hundred ensured that the home side scored their highest total of the series.
Root faced 108 balls and hit 10 fours along with three sixes in his magnificent innings. He added 108 runs off just 71 balls with Jos Buttler (49) for the fifth wicket scoring at impressive 8 runs per over.
In-form Indian opener Ajinkya Rahane (0) struggled today as he was dismissed for a nought but other batsmen, who got starts were guilty of not converting on an easy batting strip.
In a splendid rearguard action, Ravindra Jadeja hit an aggressive 87-run knock but was it was too late and only reduced the defeat margin. The southpaw hit nine fours and two sixes in his entertaining 62-ball innings.
Young batsman Ambati Rayudu came up with a fighting 53-run knock off 65 balls in India’s resistance but his promising innings was cut short by Ben Stokes.
Opener Shikhar Dhawan scored 31 off 44 balls before being castled by Moeen Ali, who also got key wicket of Suresh Raina (18) as the off-spinner played a crucial role in turning the tide in his side’s favour.
Till Mahendra Singh Dhoni was at the crease, India had their hopes alive but once the skipper fell in a bizarre fashion, it was a matter of time for England to complete the win. Dhoni chased a widish ball from Steven Finn and sent it straight to Stokes, gifting away his wicket after making 29.
After that it was Jadeja, who kept England fielders busy, but could not pull off miraculous win.
For England, pacer troika of Stokes (3/47), James Anderson (2/39) and Steven Finn (2/37) shared seven wickets between them while Ali took two wickets.
For India, Mohammad Shami (2/52) was again the best bowler on display, while Bhuvneshwar Kumar (1/45), Umesh Yadav (1/46), R. Ashwin (1/49) and Suresh Raina (1/32) also took a wicket each. Jadeja (0/66) had an off-day.
England skipper Alastair Cook (46 runs) and Alex Hales (4) looked for a good start to put India under some pressure, but it wasn’t meant to be despite a quick get away.
Hales was aggressive and miscued a pull shot to be caught at mid-wicket off Yadav in the 4th over. Moeen Ali (9), given a promotion after his blitzkrieg fifty in the previous match, was out three overs later, again looking to be too aggressive as he smacked the ball straight to third man.
It was looking like routine for England at 39/2, but Cook and Root rebuilt the innings. They added 52 runs for the third wicket, with the English skipper enjoying quite a bit of luck during his stay at the wicket.
He had nicked the ball twice through the absent second slip -- on 9 in the third over and then at 19 in the seventh.
But despite these lives, he could not even get to his half-century and was gobbled up by Dhoni as he tried to sweep Raina in the 20th over.
Eoin Morgan (14) then came to join Root in the middle but his poor run of form continued and he was stumped by the Indian skipper off Ashwin in the 29th over.
The 100-run mark had come up in the 24th over but only 26 runs were added by the English batsmen in this interim of play spanning nine overs.
It heaped the pressure on new batsman Buttler but he responded well enough to put on a century-stand for the fifth wicket.
Root then reached his fifty off 68 balls, with six fours, in the 32nd over. The two batsmen looked to take more risks as they put on 50-runs off just 43 balls.
For the first time in the series, India’s spinners weren’t able to dictate terms and it could be seen most in the second powerplay as Root-Buttler took 55 runs off those five overs.
England’s 200-run mark came up in the 40th over thus and two overs later Root-Buttler celebrated a 100-run partnership coming off only 75 balls.
But in the 43rd over, the latter was run-out by Dhoni as he failed to locate the ball after trying a sweep, falling painfully short of a well-deserved half-century.
But Root rallied on, scoring the first-ever ODI hundred by a Yorkshire batsman at his home-ground, getting to the land-mark in the 45th over.
He had faced 105 balls, hitting nine fours as well as two sixes, to get there. He added another boundary and six to his tally, looking for some quick-scoring before the end but perished in the bid to do so, finally caught by Ashwin at short fine-leg off Shami.
Stokes (33 not out), along with Chris Woakes (9) and James Tredwell (8 not out), hit out in the last few overs as India conceded 143 runs in the final 15 overs.
India made one change, bringing in Umesh Yadav for Dhawal Kulkarni, while England made two changes to their line-up from the previous game.
Gary Ballance and Harry Gurney were left out with James Tredwell and Stokes coming in for them.
Scoreboard
England: A. Cook c Dhoni b Raina 46 (64b, 6x4), A. Hales c Rahane b Yadav 4 (9b), Moeen Ali c Yadav b Bhuvneshwar 9 (8b, 2x4), J. Root c Ashwin b Shami 113 (108b, 10x4, 3x6), E. Morgan st. Dhoni b Ashwin 14 (34b, 1x4), J. Buttler run out 49 (40b, 5x4, 2x6), B. Stokes (not out) 33 (23b, 3x4, 2x6), C. Woakes b Shami 9 (9b, 2x4), J. Tredwell (not out) 8 (5b, 1x4); Extras (b-1, lb-3, w-5): 9; Total (for seven wkts. in 50 overs): 294.
Fall of wickets: 1-23 (Hales), 2-39 (Moeen), 3-91 (Cook), 4-117 (Morgan), 5-225 (Buttler), 6-249 (Root), 7-265 (Woakes).
India bowling: Bhuvneshwar 8-0-45-1, Yadav 6-0-46-1, Shami 10-0-52-2, Ashwin 10-2-49-1, Raina 7-0-32-1, Jadeja 9-0-66-0.
India: A. Rahane c Morgan b Anderson 0 (3b), S. Dhawan b Moeen 31 (44b, 4x4, 1x6), V. Kohli c Cook b Anderson 13 (21b, 2x4), A. Rayudu c Cook b Stokes 53 (65b, 3x4, 2x6), S. Raina c Buttler b Moeen 18 (23b, 2x4), M.S. Dhoni c Stokes b Finn 29 (42b, 1x4, 1x6), R. Jadeja b Finn 87 (68b, 9x4, 2x6), R. Ashwin c Finn b Stokes 16 (19b, 1x4), Bhuvneshwar run out 1 (3b), M. Shami c Hales b Stokes 0 (2b), U. Yadav (not out) 0 (2b); Extras (w-5): 5; Total (in 48.4 overs): 253.
Fall of wickets: 1-0 (Rahane), 2-25 (Kohli), 3-49 (Dhawan), 4-91 (Raina), 5-132 (Rayudu), 6-173 (Dhoni), 7-203 (Ashwin), 8-208 (Bhuvneshwar), 9-209 (Shami).
England bowling: Anderson 10-0-39-2, Woakes 10-1-61-0, Moeen 8-0-34-2, Finn 8.4-1-37-2, Tredwell 5-0-35-0, Stokes 7-0-47-3.
Toss: India.

I did not dare to set foot in a bank earlier for fear of being pushed out‘I did not dare to set foot in a bank earlier for fear of being pushed out’
Mahua Venkatesh , Hindustan Times  new delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 23:28 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 23:30 IST(5/9/2014)
Comments
Kohinoor Khatun, 32, a migrant from West Bengal, has been working in a plush South Delhi home for the last three years. Khatun has applied for a zero balance bank account under the recently launched Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) to park her monthly salary of Rs. 9,000.
Advertisement
She had failed in her previous attempt at opening a bank account as she didn’t have any document. Feeling intimidated by the procedures, she hadn’t tried again. But under PMJDY, the documentation procedure and proof of identity (called know your customer or KYC) norms have been simplified. Her voters’ ID card, which has her permanent address at her native village, was enough for opening the account.
She now also has an accident insurance cover of Rs. 1 lakh that comes with the scheme and a life insurance cover of Rs. 30,000 for opening her account before January 26, 2015.
Small wonder that over 22.4 million like Khatoon have already opened banks accounts under the scheme launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on August 28. This is the first step towards bringing them into the financial mainstream and out of the clutches of local moneylenders, and delivering the fruits of development to the most excluded sections of society.
“I did not dare to set foot in a bank for fear of being pushed out,” said another beneficiary.
“How do we help 2.5 billion people escape poverty? Getting them banking services is a start,” Bill Gates, Microsoft co-founder, had tweeted Wednesday.

Mint special: Make best use of festive season realty offersComments
Every year, real estate schemes and offers start appearing during the festive season, which starts from October and goes on till about March. Usually, the last two quarters can account for as much as 70% of the total disbursement in the whole year.
Advertisement
This year, too, developers have plans ready for the festive season. Mudassir Zaidi, national director, residential agency, Knight Frank (India), said: “Sentiments have improved and it’s likely that homebuyers will come into the market in the next six months.”
With the central government making some homebuyer-friendly announcements, developers are hopeful that fence sitters will make a buy decision and if you are one of them, here’s how to go about it.
Get the basics right
The first thing that you need to be sure of is your budget. Do not overshoot it. Also, be very clear about the sources from where you will raise the mandatory 20% of the cost for the downpayment. If you plan to withdraw from various investments such as mutual funds, insurance plans, Public Provident Fund, and others, make sure that your bank details and communication address are updated.
If they are not, do get them updated at the earliest because it usually takes around 15 days to change such information. If you also plan to withdraw from your provident fund (PF) account, you should apply as early as possible. It is, however, advisable to not break any investment made for a long-term goal, especially retirement. These would include PF, PPF, pension plans, among others.
Credit score, loan approval
The next step would be to check your credit worthiness and try to get a pre-approval loan letter from a lending institution. This will give you an idea of the amount of loan that you are eligible for. To know your credit worthiness, you have to apply for a credit report from a credit agency. Most commonly used system has scores in the 300-900 range; the higher the better.
A high credit score could give you some bargaining power when it’s time to apply for a home loan.
Once you have your credit report, look for home loan offers and schemes. Lenders often advertise lower or nil processing fees. This year, the interest rates are also expected to be lower—State Bank of India and Punjab National Bank already reduced rates.
Interest rate remains the most important point as it significantly influences the total cost of your loan. For example, for a home loan with tenor of 20 years and interest rate around of 11%, you would be paying 1.25-1.40 times the loan amount as interest alone. On the other hand, processing fee is only 0.5-1% of the loan amount.
While shopping for a home loan, beware of other products such as an insurance policy or bank deposit being forcefully sold to you. Zero in on a loan provider and obtain a pre-approval loan letter, which is typically valid for six months.
Do the groundwork
Once you have a precise idea about the available downpayment and the amount of home loan likely to be available, you can fix a budget in mind and scout properties in preferred locations accordingly. Ideally, you should go and check the projects yourself. Among the important things that you need to check is the progress of construction at the site.
Choose projects that are scheduled to be completed in less than a year’s time. Then enquire about any offers and discounts that may be available for your shortlisted projects. Some developers use the festive season, and other occasions, to offer cash discounts. Others offer discounts in kind, in the form of freebies such as cars, gadgets, foreign trips, and so on.
Although cash discounts are welcome, don’t allow your decision to be influenced by them or by the freebies on offer as most of these are insignificant compared with the price of the house that you are buying. Another reason is that their cost is bundled with the cost of the house. So, it’s not “free” after all.
The importance of doing the necessary homework, understanding the details even if they are cumbersome, and having a game plan can’t be highlighted enough. Though this is true for any market condition, it is especially important in the current situation, when the real estate market is expected to recover from the poor sales that it has been facing for the past 2-3 years.
If the market recovers, advertisements for offers and discounts will flood the consumer. And that’s precisely when extra caution has to be taken.

Shilpa Shetty  husband buy majority stake in HSGIL'Cool' teacher-comedian Priya Malik makes it to Big Brother Australia
Expected to be the 'firecracker' this year, Priya is living her dream in the Big Brother house, as she always wanted to be on television. Her sentiment resonates in the promo where she says "I don't mind whether I'm loved or hated as long as I'm being talked about."
Big films clashing in next six months: Is this bad for business?
Traditionally, it’s the end of the year that sees big releases queuing up at the box office. The beginning of the year, on the other hand, is comparatively a quieter time in Bollywood. Except, the calendar for 2015 is starting to look very different.

Reliances GenNext Ventures  Microsoft to fund start-upsReliance Industries Ltd’s venture capital arm GenNext Ventures and Microsoft Ventures have entered into a three-year partnership to set up innovation hubs across India to incubate start-up companies.
Advertisement
“Technology start-ups, which are a key source of innovation in India, are at an inflexion point today. While several initiatives are underway to help start-ups, what is lacking is a national platform that seamlessly brings together all stakeholders and provides the resources that Indian start-ups need to be successful. That’s what we are aiming to do through GenNext innovation hubs,” said RA Mashelkar, chairman, GenNext Ventures and board member, RIL.
The companies refused to divulge investment details.
 
The first start-up hub is opening in Mumbai with the first batch starting from October, according to officials from the two companies Seven-eight such innovation hubs have been planned across the country, where selected startups would get access to business mentors, technical and design experts, apart from technology and office infrastructure. Selected entrepreneurs will have to go through a four months programme. 
“Our objective is to spot the best and the brightest game -changing ideas and fund them. The issue is finding...There’s nothing like a number that can be quoted for this,” said Bhaskar Pramanik, chairman, Microsoft India.
After the companies finish the four-month programme, GenNext Ventures will invest (seed capital) selectively, said John Kuruvilla, MD, GenNext.
 
Microsoft already mentors start-ups through Microsoft Ventures based out of Bangalore.
Reliance had set up its venture capital arm GenNext Ventures in 2010 and has so far invested in two start-ups — enterprise software maker Covacsis and video surveillance firm Videonetics. The amount invested in the two firms has also not been disclosed.

Mid-air hiccups: 130 Jet pilots have flown planes on expired licencesComments
Over 130 Jet Airways pilots have flown planes on expired licences, an audit of the airline’s training facilities by aviation regulator DGCA has revealed. The report, submitted to DGCA chief Prabhat Kumar, said other “discrepancies of serious nature” had also been observed.
Taking unprecedented action on the explosive report, the regulator has issued show-cause notices to the pilots and the airline on why their flying licence should not be cancelled or suspended. “Another show-cause notice will be issued to CEO Cramer Ball on why action should not be taken against Jet Airways for the lapses,” a DGCA official said.
 
The regulator has also ordered the removal of the airline’s chief of training for “lack of supervision of flight crew training and permitting release of flight crew for flying duties without corrective training”. Action is being taken against the previous head of training for similar failures during his tenure.
The DGCA also wants action against the airline’s chief of operations for permitting flight operations by pilots without undergoing corrective training. It also ordered action against trainers (senior-most pilots) and has asked for several of the pilots to be taken off the roster.
The audit was done after the airline’s Mumbai-Brussels flight plunged 5,000ft over Turkish airspace on August 8.
A Jet Airways spokesperson said they hadn’t received a notice from the DGCA till Friday and would respond only after they got the notices.
The report, prepared by a team led by Joint DG Lalit Gupta, stated that 131 pilots had been detected to be flying even after the “expiry of validity of pilot proficiency check”, which is conducted once every six months.
It was also found that the strength of trainers was substantially lower than prescribed by DGCA resulting in delayed and deficient training of pilots. “Few pilots found deficient in simulator training were subsequently released by head of training for normal flying duties without undergoing corrective training. In few cases, the crew after failure in checks had been put to flying without undergoing corrective training,” says the report.
The report further found “inadequacy in training given to B777 pilots on simulator for crosswind landings”.
The DGCA approval for the type-rating training organisation utilised by Jet Airways for training purposes from July 15, 2010 to June 15, 2014 was also found to have lapsed.

Trader who lost 4.9 bn walks free after 100 days in jailTrader who lost €4.9 bn walks free after 100 days in jail
Noopur Tiwari , Hindustan Times  Paris, September 05, 2014
First Published: 23:21 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 23:23 IST(5/9/2014)
Comments
The rogue trader who worked for France’s Societe Generale and shocked the world with the biggest trading fraud in history is set to walk free on Monday —  with an electronic tag on his ankle to track him. His lawyer said he would now lead a normal life.
Advertisement
Jerome Kerviel also has an unlikely halo:  he enjoys widespread sympathy as a poor boy who was scapegoated by an exploitative banking system.
Société Générale disowned him even though Bank of France Governor Christian Noyer called him a “computer genius.”
Kerviel, who fought a  three-year battle in which he implicated SG as blessing his deals, even met the Pope, giving a boost to his image of a common man fighting against greed. He served just 100-odd days in jail for betting 50 billion euros (Rs 390,000 crore at current rates), causing a 4.9 billion-euro loss.
He was asked by courts to return this sum to the bank but the fine was later rolled back.
He said he was dismissed unfairly – and sought exactly the loss amount in damages.
“I am an ordinary person. I’m not crazy,” Kerviel said during the investigation. “I didn’t earn millions and I didn’t drive a Porsche.”
Kerviel’s anti-hero story inspired a graphic novel – and a soon-to-be released movie.

Alibaba eyes valuation of up to $163bnLast updated: September 6, 2014 12:51 am
Alibaba eyes valuation of up to $163bn
By Nicole Bullock in New York, Sarah Mishkin in San Francisco and Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b141a554-3511-11e4-a2c2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alstom accused of bribing officialsLast updated: September 5, 2014 10:24 pm
Alstom accused of bribing officials to win contracts
By Caroline Binham, Legal Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e0e6dbe0-351a-11e4-a2c2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

NIH Finds Old Ricin  Other Forgotten Germs in LabsAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Lawmaker: Colleagues to Scrutinize Tesla DealAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Benghazi book revisits early Fox News reporting on attacksBy Erik Wemple September 5 Follow @ErikWemple
Benghazi (ESAM OMRAN AL-FETORI / Reuters)
Tonight at 10, Fox News host Bret Baier will host a special titled “ FOX NEWS REPORTING: 13 Hours in Benghazi, ” a production that will revisit much-discredited reporting by Fox News in the aftermath of the Sept. 11, 2012, attacks. On Oct. 26, 2012, days before the presidential contest between President Obama and Mitt Romney, Fox News alleged that security operators at a CIA annex near the U.S. diplomatic installation in Benghazi were told twice to “stand down. ”
In the nearly two years since, report after report has shredded this contention, as outlined in an interminable Erik Wemple Blog series . Just a sampling of refutations includes a Senate intelligence committee report , which “found no evidence of intentional delay or obstruction by the Chief of Base or any other party,” and a House intelligence committee report, which reached similar conclusions. Media Matters has compiled others .
Another viewpoint on this official-document consensus comes from a new book on which the Baier report is based: “ 13 Hours: The Inside Account of What Really Happened in Benghazi ” written by Boston University journalism professor Mitchell Zuckoff along with the “Annex Security Team” — essentially CIA contractors. The book provides a great deal of detail on the hectic moments on the night of the attacks. For instance, it describes the environment shortly after the CIA annex received a panicked call for help from the diplomatic installation, which was less than a mile away:
Within five minutes of Alec Henderson’s first mayday call from the Compound, Tanto, D.B., Rone, Tig, and Jack were jocked up and assembled outside Building C. They talked among themselves, asking each other if anyone knew how many Americans were on the Compound and what kind of weapons were there. The answer: seven Americans with light weapons. From the gunfire and explosions they continued to hear, and from the reports of perhaps several dozen attackers, the operators knew that they’d be dealing with what Tanto called “a substantial force.”
Zuckoff & Co. mine the wait for official authorization for maximum literary impact: “The more time the attackers had to dig in, the more likely they’d secure the Compound perimeter and organize defensive positions, at least until they achieved their objectives.”
After more waiting, the security operators heard again from the diplomatic mission: “If you guys do not get here, we’re going to die,” said a diplomatic security agent, as the book reports. “That was all it took. Roughly twenty minutes, possibly more, had elapsed since the operators had first mustered at Building C. They were long past ready to go.” Four U.S. personnel, including then-U.S. Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens, died in the clash.
Does the “13 Hours” version of events overthrow the official government narrative? Not dramatically. Officialdom, including a State Department report , concedes that the CIA leader in charge of the security operators insisted on a “brief delay” in order to secure support from friendly local militia — a strategy that didn’t pan out.
Government reports are austere things, big bundles of text presented as truth. Contrast that to what Fox News is prepared to show in its Benghazi special, which is a person-to-person chat with the fellows who were actually “jocked up” on that terrible night. Fox News has done a little preview of the special that depicts Baier hunched over a table with three security guys. It looks good.
Teeing up the special, Baier told O’Reilly: “For all this talk about ‘stand down,’ these guys say, definitively, it happened. They were ready to go to respond to these calls for help from the diplomatic facility. They were at the CIA annex. They were ready to go and almost 30 minutes later, they finally broke ranks and went on their own.”
The Post’s Charles Lane in a Fox News appearance last night attempted to knife through the entire controversy: “There is a difference between waiting and waiting for no good reason, and, even worse, waiting because you were told, ‘We don’t care what happens to the ambassador.’”
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409953639/1409953639000/1409953639 tracking: {authors=Erik Wemple, blog_name=erik-wemple, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=benghazi-book-revisits-early-fox-news-reporting-on-attacks, post_id=14240, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 9:47:19 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 9:47:19 PM

Caps anxious for preseason to beginBy Alex Prewitt September 5 Follow @alex_prewitt
Jay Beagle was among the 16 Capitals skating at the team’s practice facility on Friday morning. (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
The goalies came first on Friday morning, at 9:10 a.m. The other veterans followed, streaming over the boards not far behind. Soon, the place had filled with the sounds of pucks thwacking posts, and skates scraping ice, and goaltending coach Mitch Korn yelling, “Go, go, go.”
Before long, 16 Washington Capitals had hit the ice to work out, and the significance of all those present bodies were not lost on several of the veterans in town early for the preseason skates. Later, in the stick room at Kettler Capitals Iceplex, forward Jay Beagle gestured toward the rink and made note of the numbers.
“You can tell, from how many guys being here,” said Beagle, who has played 192 games over six NHL seasons, all with the Capitals. “This hasn’t happened since I’ve been in here, where there’s this many guys this early. Guys want to be here. Guys want to get going.”
The morning, like most before preseason begins on Sept. 19, started with goaltenders Justin Peters and Braden Holtby put through the ringer, an intense 20-minute session with Korn, the master of props. On Friday, they used four posts aligned in a row, and every second a random post lit up, so the goalies could hone their reflexes. Soon after, 14 Capitals skaters – and journeyman Jeff Halpern, who lives nearby – began warming up and rifling shots, and at 9:30 a.m. they began another informal veterans skate, mixing NHL mainstays like Nicklas Backstrom in with roster hopefuls like Steven Oleksy.
(All told, Friday’s roster featured the following players, listed in the order in which they skated by where I happened to be standing: Holtby, Peters, Backstrom, Beagle, Oleksy, Marcus Johansson, Matt Niskanen, Jason Chimera, Troy Brouwer, Stanislav Galiev, Evgeny Kuznetsov, Aaron Volpatti, John Carlson, Chris Brown, Eric Fehr and Connor Carrick. Forward prospect Andre Burakovsky arrived for rookie camp, lugging a massive bag of equipment, as things wrapped up.)
It represented another step toward the season, and another step away from the training monotony of summer, when the anxiety kicks in around early August and players begin itching for their flight to Washington or in Beagle’s case, a 36-hour drive from Calgary, which afforded plenty of time to think about the offseason and what lies ahead.
“You’re sick of shinny hockey,” Chimera said. “You want to play in a game, for sure, and not just a three-on-three game out there. Once the camp starts, get some drills, get some flow back, your timing back, I think that’s a good thing. I’m pretty antsy to get going. Training camp can’t come fast enough.”
A hectic offseason for the Capitals tangentially affected Beagle, Chimera and their fellow forwards, who return their core group save Mikhail Grabovski but welcome a new head coach in Barry Trotz and a new positional coach in Lane Lambert. So returning to town also meant more time with the new staff, many of whom trickled onto the bench to watch spurts of the workout.
“Just from talking with the coaching staff, obviously they’re going to come in and bring in some new ideas,” Beagle said. “Like a fresh perspective on it. It’s what we need. We need to get back on the right track. It’s obviously way too early to tell right now, but just from talking with them, they’re talking on stuff that they can address some issues that I think we’ve needed to address the last couple years, get everyone on the same page. I’m excited. I’m excited for this year. A lot of guys are excited to be here, excited to get going.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=sports, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409951924/1409951924000/1409951924 tracking: {authors=Alex Prewitt, blog_name=capitals-insider, content_category=Sports, in_url_headline=with-many-players-back-in-town-capitals-antsy-for-training-camp, post_id=14892, section={section=sports, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 9:18:44 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 9:18:44 PM

Report: Redskins merchandise sales plummeted in past yearBy Des Bieler September 5 Follow @DesBieler
After his magical rookie season, sales of  Robert Griffin III’s jersey had nowhere to go but down. (Katherine Frey/The Washington Post)
Coming off a disastrous season that wound up tarnishing the superstar aura of Robert Griffin III, as well as getting Coach Mike Shanahan fired, it would be understandable that Redskins merchandise sales might have dipped. But according to information gathered by ESPN’s Darren Rovell , those sales may have fallen off a cliff.
From Rovell’s report:
No NFL team has seen a sharper drop in year-over-year merchandise sales in the past year than the Redskins. That’s according to data from market tracking firm SportsOneSource.
Through August, Redskins sales were down 43.8 percent, the firm’s numbers show, beating out slides from other teams that failed to make the playoffs last year, including the Ravens (34.5 percent), Texans (32.8 percent), Giants (25.5 percent), Vikings (25.1 percent) and Falcons (20.1 percent).
Wow, that’s a steep drop, alright. Enough to make someone wonder if, beyond the struggles of RGIII and the team last season, the controversy over the Redskins’ name was starting to take a toll.
However, in the same report, Rovell adds this somewhat contradictory information:
Data from NFLShop.com, the league’s official store, shows that the Redskins were the 12th most popular team in sales last year and are at the same position this year. And two retailers told ESPN.com that they believe almost the entire slide is due to coming off a 3-13 season and quarterback Robert Griffin III falling out of prominence.
Certainly, Rovell doesn’t think that any slide in Redskins merchandise sales had anything to do with the spotlight on the team’s name (although his story began by posing just that question).
Narrative that Redskins sales are down significantly because of controversy doesn’t hold up. RGIII falling off the map did that.
— darren rovell (@darrenrovell) September 5, 2014
Even saying that Griffin was “falling off the map” seems a bit strong. After his rookie season, Griffin accounted for the highest-selling jersey in NFL history , so he was destined to slip off that pace. But Rovell asserts that, “From April through August of this year, he didn’t even make the list of the league’s 25 best-selling jerseys.”
That would mean that sales of Griffin jerseys sunk like the Titanic after mid-July, because the NFL Shop’s Web site lists RGIII at No. 17 in jersey sales , based on transactions between April 1 and July 17 of this year. Not surprisingly, although somewhat laughably, the No. 1 spot is held by Johnny Manziel, with Russell Wilson at No. 2.
(nflshop.com)
As an aside, at No. 6 on that list is Michael Sam’s Rams jersey. Given the time period (April 1-July 17), and the fact that Sam was cut by St. Louis and has subsequently joined the Cowboys’ practice squad , it might be safe to assume that sales of that particular piece of merchandise have dropped off sharply.
This former editor and part-time writer at The Post is now happy to prove that if you combine 'blowhard' and 'blaggard,' you get 'blogger.' He previously had used 'Desmond Bieler' as his byline, but feels that shortening the first name to 'Des' nicely conveys his ever-decreasing gravitas. He also covers Fantasy Football.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=sports, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409962517/1409962517000/1409962517 tracking: {authors=Des Bieler, blog_name=dc-sports-bog, content_category=Sports, in_url_headline=report-redskins-merchandise-sales-plummeted-in-past-year, post_id=44832, section={section=sports, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 6, 2014 12:15:17 AM close date: Sep 20, 2014 12:15:17 AM

Do TV station advertising depts. have to consult with news depts. to investigate possible true funders of political adsBy Eugene Volokh September 5 Follow @volokhc
Federal rules require broadcasters to identify who is paying for an ad. A recent complaint by the Campaign Legal Center, Common Cause, and the Sunlight Foundation claimed that one such ad, bought by NextGen Climate Action Committee (and run to oppose Ken Cuccinelli, who was running for Virginia governor), was actually created by Tom Steyer, “the sole donor to NextGen through November 2013.” What’s more, the complaint reasoned,
WJLA employees and reporters actually knew that Steyer was planning a large political ad buy in the area on climate issues, yet failed to disclose Steyer’s name in the ad. WJLA’s own report, which ran on August 5, 2013, showed Steyer was about to inject a substantial amount of money into the Virginia governor’s election. The report went as follows:
The good news for Terry McAuliffe is that his campaign is about to get a major boost from California financier, Tom Steyer — a billionaire environmentalist and vocal opponent of the Keystone Pipeline.
“We are talking serious money here,” says POLITICO reporter Katie Glick. POLITICO broke the story on Sunday about Steyer’s decision to support the Virginia gubernatorial candidate. “By doing so, he can turn the conversation to focus more on climate issues, which is of course his big issue,” adds Glick.
Even if WJLA did not have specific knowledge of Steyer’s planned investment, WJLA employees should have consulted the reporters working for its corporate sibling’s website, Politico, to learn that Tom Steyer was the sole donor and the true identity of the sponsor of these ads. During the last three months of the election (August-November 2013), Politico “had extensive behind-the-scenes access to Steyer’s shadow campaign.”
Yesterday, the FCC declined to start an enforcement action based on this complaint, “given the need to balance the ‘reasonable diligence’ obligations of broadcasters in identifying the sponsor of an advertisement with the sensitive First Amendment interests present here” (paragraph break added):
RE: Complaint[] against ACC Licensee, LLC, Licensee of Station WJLA-TV, Washington, D.C …
Dear Mr. Schwartzman:
This letter refers to the complaint[] filed by the Institute for Public Representation on behalf of the Campaign Legal Center, the Sunlight Foundation, and Common Cause … alleg[ing] violations of … 47 U.S.C. § 317, and … 47 U.S.C. § 73.1212(e). Complainants argue that the station[] failed to “fully and fairly disclose the true identity” of the sponsors in [its] on-air sponsorship identifications of certain political issue advertising, as required by Section 317 of the Act, and failed to list the principal(s) of the alleged true sponsor in their public files, as required by Section 73.1212(e) of the Rules.
We conclude that the complaints do not provide a sufficient showing that the stations had credible evidence casting into doubt that the identified sponsors of the advertisement were the true sponsors. As the Commission has stated previously, “unless furnished with credible, unrefuted evidence that a sponsor is acting at the direction of a third party, the broadcaster may rely on the plausible assurances of the person(s) paying for the time that they are the true sponsor.” [Footnote: Trumper Communications of Portland, LTD, 11 FCC Rcd 20415 (1996) (citing Loveday v. FCC, 707 F.2d 1443 (D.C. Cir. 1983)). Cf. Loveday, 707 F.2d at 1459 (“There may be cases where a challenger makes so strong a circumstantial case that someone other than the named sponsor is the real sponsor that licensees, in the exercise of reasonable diligence, would have to inform the named sponsor that they could not broadcast the message without naming another party.”).]
While the complaint against WJLA presented some evidence that station employees may have come across facts in the course of news reporting on political issues that could have raised questions in their minds concerning the relationship of NextGen Climate Action Committee and Tom Steyer, we exercise our discretion not to pursue enforcement in this instance, given the need to balance the “reasonable diligence” obligations of broadcasters in identifying the sponsor of an advertisement with the sensitive First Amendment interests present here. Our approach might have been different if the complainants had approached the stations directly to furnish them with evidence calling into question that the identified sponsors were the true sponsors.
UPDATE: Note that the FCC also rejected a complaint filed by Campaign Legal Center, Common Cause, and the Sunlight Foundation against an Oregon TV station, based on a conservative group’s ads criticizing Monica Wehby (the Republican candidate for U.S. Senate in Oregon) from the right, and supporting Jason Conger as the more conservative choice. I focused on the WJLA complaint, because that’s the one that specifically argued that the advertising department should have consulted with the news department. But on reflection I thought I’d mention this, especially since a comment suggested that the FCC’s decision stemmed from its political sympathy with the liberal NextGen Climate Action Committee; again, the FCC also rejected the complaint based on the ads by the conservative American Principles Fund.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409952786/1409952786000/1409952786 tracking: {authors=Eugene Volokh, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=do-tv-station-advertising-depts-have-to-consult-with-news-depts-to-investigate-possible-true-funders-of-political-ads, post_id=13090, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 9:33:06 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 9:33:06 PM

Unresponsive Private Plane Crashes Off Jamaica [UPDATE]Unresponsive Private Plane Crashes Off Jamaica [UPDATE]
AP/The Huffington Post
reddit
WASHINGTON (AP) — An Air Force official says two F-15 fighter jets were scrambled after the pilot of a private plane over the Atlantic Ocean failed to respond to air traffic controllers.
A NORAD spokesman says the fighters were launched at 11:30 EDT Friday after the pilot of a private plane repeatedly failed to respond to calls from air traffic controllers.
The spokesman says the pilot filed a flight plan to fly from Rochester, New York, to Naples, Florida.
The plane is a Socata TBM700 is a high performance single-engine turboprop.
ABC News reports NORAD has said the occupants of the plane are unconscious:
UPDATE: NORAD: Suspected that all aboard unresponsive small plane are unconscious due to hypoxia - http://t.co/NKi1VcNzHo - @LMartinezABC
— ABC News (@ABC) September 5, 2014
UPDATE -- 2:36 p.m.: Jamaican officials say the plane has crashed in the waters near the island, according to the AP.
The Rochester Democrat and Chronicle reported that the plane is thought to be registered to Larry Glazer, a real-estate developer.
This post has been updated to correct the location of the plane's crash.
More:

Pentagon: Al Shabab Leader Killed In U.S. StrikeAl Shabab Leader Ahmed Godane Killed In U.S. Strike: Pentagon
 | By                                                                ROBERT BURNS and LOLITA C. BALDOR
Posted:
reddit
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. airstrikes earlier this week killed the leader of the al-Shabab terrorist group in Somalia, the Pentagon said Friday. President Barack Obama said the death of Ahmed Abdi Godane demonstrated U.S. counterterrorism resolve and was an example of his deliberate approach to dismantling al-Qaida affiliated groups.
The Pentagon's press secretary, Navy Rear Adm. John Kirby, announced the death in a brief written statement. It took the Pentagon four days to conclusively determine that Godane had not survived Monday's airstrikes.
Al-Shabab has not publicly confirmed Godane's death.
Somali President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud urged al-Shabab militants to renounce violence, saying they have an opportunity to embrace peace following Godane's death.
"While an extreme hardcore may fight over the leadership of al-Shabab, this is a chance for the majority of members of al-Shabab to change course and reject Godane's decision to make them the pawns of an international terror campaign," he said in a statement.
The Somali president said the U.S. operation was carried out "with the full knowledge and agreement of" his government and that Somalis "greatly value the support of our international allies" in the fight against al-Shabab.
Obama, speaking at the conclusion of a NATO summit in Newport, Wales, told reporters the success against al-Shabab should leave no doubt about his determination to degrade and eventually destroy the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria. The U.S. military announced later Friday that a mix of fighter jets, drones, attack planes and bombers launched four airstrikes Thursday and Friday in northern Iraq, destroying a host of Islamic State targets including an observation post, an armed vehicle and three mortar positions.
Obama faces mounting pressure to take more aggressive military action against the Islamic State, which evolved from an al-Qaida affiliate that sprouted in Iraq in 2004.
"We have been very systematic and methodical in going after these kinds of organizations" that threaten U.S. personnel and the homeland, Obama said. "That deliberation allows us to do it right, but have no doubt: We will continue to do what is necessary to protect the American people."
U.S. officials had said after the strike on Monday that U.S. special operations forces using manned and drone aircraft had destroyed an encampment and a vehicle using several Hellfire missiles and laser-guided munitions. But they did not confirm that Godane had been killed until Friday.
The State Department declared al-Shabab a terrorist organization in February 2008. The implications of the group's loss of Godane are unclear.
"The individual who takes his place will live in fear," said Army Col. Steven Warren, a Pentagon spokesman.
Because Godane had weakened and effectively dismantled the al-Shabab council of leaders known as the shura, a meeting of regional commanders will have to take place to pick his successor, said Matt Bryden, the head of Sahan Research in Nairobi, Kenya. Bryden predicted the meeting will be difficult and dangerous to organize.
Terrorism analyst J.M. Berger predicted a significant splintering between al-Shabab's domestically focused insurgents and internationally aspiring terrorists.
Abdi Aynte, a Somali analyst who runs a Mogadishu-based think tank called the Heritage Institute for Policy Studies, predicted that Godane's death "will almost certainly be the beginning of the end of the organization."
Under Godane's leadership, he said, al-Shabab had gradually become a guerrilla movement that avoided conventional warfare, tactics that suited it amid mounting military pressure from African Union troops and government forces.
Godane, who was born in 1977 and raised in the town of Hargeisa in the autonomous region of Somaliland, was said to be a quiet boy who was interested in the Quran and Islamic studies in his early years. His relatives there described him as "a private man" who was devoted to Islamic teachings at mosques, said Mohamed Hassan, a former senior Somali intelligence official in Somaliland who once was tasked with tracking down Godane over charges the future terror leader stole money when he worked for a local telecommunications company. In Somaliland, he also had been accused of involvement in the murder of foreigners.
Godane is believed to have settled in Mogadishu in 2004, working at local charities before he joined the Islamic Courts Union, al-Shabab's precursor group that once controlled Mogadishu and many parts of Somalia before it was ousted by Ethiopian forces.
___
Associated Press writers Jason Struziuso in Cairo, Rodney Muhumuza in Uganda and Josh Lederman and Sagar Meghani in Washington contributed to this report.
More:

The Seahawks  First Touchdown Of The Season Looks Awfully Familiarreddit
The rest of the NFL coaches might want to take note: If Seattle Seahawks coach Pete Carroll sees a play you drew up and likes it, he will take it. When Seattle scores its first touchdown of the 2014 season on Thursday night , NBC commentator Chris Collinsworth immediately noticed who drew up the play. And it wasn't Carroll or Seahawks offensive coordinator Darrell Bevell.
Facing a 1st and 10 on Green Bay's 33-yard line, Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson lined up in the shotgun and looked as if he was going to hand the ball off to running back Marshawn Lynch. Instead, as part of a designed read option, Wilson faked the handoff and completely fooled Packers cornerback Sam Shields who was covering Seahawks wide receiver Ricardo Lockette. The fake handoff made Shields think Wilson was going to run it himself, causing Lockette to sneak behind him. Wilson then connected with Lockette for a 33-yard touchdown pass.
"Oh baby! They took a page out of Auburn's playbook," Collinsworth said.
Collinsworth was right. Carroll had watched the unbelievable Auburn-Alabama thriller of 2013, in which the Tigers scored on the same exact play to tie the game in the final minute.
"We’ll go anywhere to find a play. And that one -- uh, Muschamp at Florida, no … Auburn. They ran it. Give Gus Malzahn credit," Carroll told Peter King of Sports Illustrated after Seattle's blowout win . "That’s a great play. I kept telling [the offensive staff and players] this summer, ‘It’ll work, it’ll work.’ But it didn’t work all summer.”
Auburn certainly took notice.
More:

Amazon s retail practices in India come under scrutinyReuters |  San Francisco Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 09:25 PM IST
Amazon's retail practices in India under ED lens
Enforcement Directorate is looking into whether Amazon India may have sold directly to customers
Indian regulators are investigating whether Amazon.com might have circumvented restrictions placed on foreign investors by selling directly to domestic consumers, the Wall Street Journal on Friday cited unidentified sources as saying.
The finance ministry’s Enforcement Directorate is looking into whether Amazon’s Indian subsidiary may have sold directly to customers but made it look as if the sales were made by other companies, the Journal cited two people familiar with the matter as saying.
India doesn’t allow foreign firms to own majority stakes in retail companies that sell more than one brand. Amazon is allowed there because it acts as a marketplace rather than a retailer, according to the Journal. Amazon was not immediately available for comment.
The Seattle-based e-commerce company makes its money in India by charging third-party suppliers to use its website to sell some 17 million different products, from books to electronics. Asia's second-largest country is seen as strategically important to Amazon as it tries to ramp up growth and profits.
Amazon.com has said it plans to invest $2 billion more in India, where it has slashed prices, ramped up marketing and accelerated warehouse construction to try and take on local competitors.
Indian investigators are also examining whether Amazon exerts control over the prices of products sold on its website, one of the Journal story's sources said.
"An ideal marketplace should not have any interference from the platform operator," the newspaper cited the person as saying.
Amazon.com shares dipped into negative territory in afternoon trading, down 65 cents at $345.30.
 Advertisements

On Teachers  Day  PM targets more than kidsBS Reporter |  New Delhi Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 12:56 AM IST
On Teachers' Day, PM targets more than kids
In his Teachers' Day speech he said schools must have girls' toilets to prevent dropouts
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s nationwide Teachers’ Day address, which generated much controversy even before its telecast, was much more than a homily for school children.
The speech and interaction with children, nearly two hours long, provided an insight into Modi’s work ethics, his views on politics as a career, his settling into the role of prime minister, his government’s plans for Digital India and prioritising education of girls, as well as on employment generation, skill development and climate change.
The speech, which coincided with the new government’s 100 days in office, was a platform to answer critics who had attacked Modi on several fronts, including his suitability for the PM’s post. The Opposition had wondered whether the PM’s “mandatory” September 5 speech was an attempt to “reach out to future voters”, as children from standards VI to XII had been directed by the human resource development ministry to hear the speech.
During his address, Modi also managed to tickle the funny bone of students by narrating his pranks as a child.
Emphasising the need to restore the lost glory of the teaching profession, as well as teachers, he said it was vital to probe why the youth didn’t choose to be teachers. Comparing India with Japan, the prime minister said there was a need to emulate Japanese discipline and humility. Technology and a scientific temperament were the two other crucial components of his vision for education. “I don't consider politics a profession. It is a form of service which stems from a deep sense of belonging,” he said.
Much in the manner of his Independence Day address, when he exhorted members of Parliament to adopt villages, Modi urged eminent people to take time out to teach, at least a period a week, to address the lack of teachers in the country.
He advised students to “work hard, play hard and sweat a lot, at least four times a day. Don’t be glued to books all day”. Answering his detractors, the prime minister said, “Yes, I am a taskmaster. And, it is not that I don’t work hard myself.” He pointed to how he had told bureaucrats from the ramparts of the Red Fort, “If you work 12 hours, I will work 13. I demand work on fixed deadlines.”
Answering a question from a schoolgirl in remote Bastar, he made it a point to praise Chhattisgarh Chief Minister Raman Singh, from the Bharatiya Janata Party, for his achievements in promoting education of girls.
The prime minister seemed to respond to a volley of criticism that came his way. Attacked by critics and the media for building a “personality cult”, as well as for his centralising tendencies, Modi, almost in response, said, “I never thought (that I would become prime minister). I didn’t even run for class monitor in school.”
If there was any doubt he was looking at a decade in office, his reply to a schoolboy from Imphal dispelled that. Asked how he should prepare to be prime minister, the boy was told, “Prepare for the 2024 elections and call me for your swearing-in ceremony.”
CONCERNS APLENTY
The Prime Minister’s speech on Teachers’ Day failed to address the key issues plaguing the country's education system. At the national level, only half of all children can recognise letters according to the Annual Status of Education Report by Pratham. In the public school system, despite the abysmal learning standards, permanent teachers are paid much higher than private schools. According to a study, private school teachers earn less than a fifth of the salary regular public school teachers earn. The median salary, according to the study, for a regular government school teacher in a state such as Andhra Pradesh is Rs 7,500 a month, while that for private school teachers is less than Rs 1,000.
Modi addresses students on Teacher's Day
 Advertisements

China ancient temple seeks new-media guruSeptember 5, 2014 10:21 am
China’s ancient Shaolin temple seeks Zen master of new media
By Patti Waldmeir in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a5dbad34-34d7-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Putting the cash into kung fuShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Putting the cash into kung fu
Aug 15, 2012 : Jamil Anderlini, the FT's Beijing bureau chief, visits the Shaolin Temple in Henan, central China, and meets the chief abbot, also known as the 'CEO monk'
Credits: Filmed and produced by Ben Marino

Club Meditation  Chinas spiritual tourism boomThe tour de Bhutan
Of course, there is no shortage of temples on most Chinese tours – and where they don’t exist, local governments are building them. For religious (or even pseudo-religious) tourism is becoming big business in a country where Buddhism, Daoism and Confucianism are growing and even becoming fashionable among the young.
Daoism’s famous mountain, Wudangshan, saw a 20 per cent year-on-year rise in visitors in the first quarter of this year, while nearly 40 per cent more visitors travelled to Buddhism’s Jiuhuashan this lunar new year holiday than the last. The Buddhist island of Putuoshan in the East China Sea has seen such an explosion of tourism that in 2012 it announced plans for an IPO (though public outcry later forced the local government to clarify that religious sites would not be included).
And when I visited the sacred Daoist site at Mt Gezao recently, I was met by a monk with an MBA in Daoist temple management, toting a prospectus for a Rmb700m project to build a brand new temple.
The Perfect Enlightenment Temple near Jiashan
Temple tourism ranges from mass-market package tours to more informal “Buddhist wives” clubs that hire a minibus so they can pray at several local temples in the space of a single day. My tour wasn’t of the drive-by variety, though. It was a 48-hour silent retreat – complete with meat-free diet and dawn wake-up calls – dedicated to the ancient spiritual practices of tai chi, qigong and meditation. After it, I can confidently assert that, though forms of exercise originating in the east, tai chi and qigong can also calm the mind of a westerner (though I can’t quite tell the difference between them yet).
The tour operator, Yejo Circle, plans all its trips around the principles of escaping from the city, communing with nature and exploring one’s inner self. As an ageing hippie, that’s right up my street; but lucky for Yejo, this kind of short escape from urban life is also increasingly popular with middle-class Chinese. They have fuelled a whole new industry of “back to the countryside” tourism, based on staying in simple villages, eating simple food and leaving behind the stress of big city life and all that neon. State media reported that visitors to “nongjiale” or farmhouse tourism sites over the Qingming Festival break in April were up 12 per cent year on year.
But this was more than just a rural getaway – it was hard work. Our small group of western and Chinese visitors ranged from twenty- to sixtysomethings and stayed in twin rooms, where we slept on wooden pallets covered by thin quilts. At 5am we began with 90 minutes of Daoist qigong (think martial art, but thankfully not the kind where practitioners split planks with their crania). The scenery helped: the temple buildings, some 800 years old, were worthy of a film set. And because it was a silent retreat, I could spend more time drinking in the harmonious architecture and less time feeling I had to chat to my roommate. Indeed, I never even found out what country she was from.
Travel details
Yejo Circle’s two-night Daoism retreats cost Rmb599 (£57) including transport from Shanghai ( yejocircle.com)
We rewarded ourselves after the dawn workout with a bowl of rice gruel with vegetable garnish. After a few more hours of meditating (while sitting, standing and walking), practising tai chi (a form of moving meditation) and reading fairly incomprehensible chapters from Lao Tzu’s Dao De Jing (the most sacred text of Chinese Daoism), we broke for an 11am lunch and a nap. And then we did the same thing all over again.
I spent my free time reading The Tao of Pooh, the 1980s bestseller by Benjamin Hoff that tries to use the Pooh stories to penetrate the secrets of Daosim. I made more progress with that than with the famously impenetrable Dao De Jing.
Back in the city after the weekend, my iPhone wakes me instead of a bamboo clock. But lucky for those of us bitten by the Chinese spiritualism bug, tai chi and qigong aren’t only practised during silent temple retreats: every public park in Shanghai has groups practising at dawn and dusk – so many, in fact, that it’s sometimes hard to find a spot. In the modern world, “awakening” comes in all shapes and sizes: qigong in a crowded park surrounded by skyscrapers? Well, we all have to start somewhere.
Patti Waldmeir is the FT’s Shanghai correspondent. Additional reporting by Zhang Yan
Related Topics
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Fed gives preview of non-bank scrutiny© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4437366e-19b8-11e4-8730-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

AIG settles bailout-era lawsuit for $960m© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6ba398be-1c1a-11e4-9db1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Utilities shine as investors go defensiveSeptember 5, 2014 6:10 pm
US utilities shine as investors go defensive
By Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e6a4645e-3519-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Warn consumers of pension tax trapsSeptember 5, 2014 6:46 pm
‘Warn consumers of pension tax traps’
By Josephine Cumbo, Pensions Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7f5e0118-350c-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Who serves the offline audienceSeptember 5, 2014 6:10 pm
Who serves the offline audience?
By FT reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b6fa0e70-3384-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Londons Victoriana beats new-build© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0e6b4662-3455-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Through train may derail HK ETF salesLast updated: September 7, 2014 6:48 am
‘Through train’ may derail some HK ETF sales
By Kylie Wong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7be92028-2f6f-11e4-83e4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RIL s GenNext   Microsoft to launch 10 startupsRIL's GenNext Ventures, Microsoft to launch 10 startups soon
ET Bureau Sep 6, 2014, 04.49AM IST
Tags:
Bhaskar Pramanik
("The first hub will start…)
MUMBAI: The venture capital arm of Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) has tied up with Microsoft to launch a startup accelerator, which kicks off its first batch next month. GenNext Ventures and Microsoft Ventures have signed a three-year partnership that will look to mentor and offer technical advice to startups in the programme.
"The entire issue is about knowledge getting monetised. The challenge with these innovators is that they understand the knowledge part of it but don't know how to monetise it," said RA Mashelkar, chairman of GenNext and board member of RIL.
ET reported earlier this week that RIL and Microsoft will join hands to mentor startups from India.
The accelerator, known as the GenNext Innovation Hub, will have around 10 startups in the first batch which is open for new applications until September 25. The first hub will be based in Navi Mumbai in a "plug and play area" of 12,000 square feet, and the two firms will open additional hubs across the country in the future.
The accelerator will not make any initial investment or pick up stakes in shortlisted startups, unlike international accelerators such as Y Combinator. Decisions on investment will be taken after the programme, which will take place twice a year over a fourmonth stretch each, is over. "Reliance Industries believes in developing market and so do we. Therefore this venture. There is no profit intent in this," said Microsoft India chairman Bhaskar Pramanik .
Big data, education, healthcare, digital media, mobility and machine-to-machine startups will be the focus area for the accelerator. GenNext Innovation Hub has an advisory team of 20-25 members that include noted computer scientist Vijay Bhatkar, IIT Bombay's Ashwin Gumaste and venture capital investors such as Kae Capital's Sasha Mirchandani and Aavishkaar's Vineet Rai.
RIL's move to open an accelerator comes as India's startup boom has given rise to a number of accelerators such as Gurgaon-based GSF Accelerator, Venture Nursery in Mumbai, Kyron Accelerator and The Startup Centre in Chennai. Multinational corporations such as Target, Coca-Cola and Pitney Bowes have also launched accelerator programmes in India.
International accelerators such as 500 Startups and even Y Combinator are also seeing increasing interest from Indian startups looking at a global exposure. But some have also been rethinking the accelerator model in India. Morpheus, India's first accelerator, decided to stop accepting applications earlier this year.
"A high-quality entrepreneur today does not want to go to an accelerator. This is because he can do a lot of self learning. Besides, advice and money are now easily available," said Sameer Guglani, co-founder of Morpheus Gang, which backed startups such as realty classifieds firm Commonfloor and social platform for coders HackerRank.
Venture Nursery, an accelerator based in Mumbai, has been focusing on smaller batches of two startups unlike the more typical dozen-strong startup batches. "A copy of international models does not work in India," said Apoorv Sharma of Venture Nursery.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mindtree co-founder S Janakiraman  4 others plan cloud-computing startupInfosys
(Mindtree co-founder S Janakiraman,…)
BANGALORE: Mindtree co-founder S Janakiraman, along with four other company veterans, is building a cloud-computing startup incubated by the Bangalore-based software firm. While Mindtree will be a minority investor with a less than 20% stake in Nuvepro, Janakiraman will be investing around $1 million of his own money and joining as the startup's chairman.
This spin-off, the first to come out of Mindtree since it was launched by former Wipro executives in 1999, will help the founders raise additional capital from venture capital firms and even explore alliances with bigger rivals Infosys and Wipro as an independent entity.
One of the triggers for Janakiraman and his team involved with the idea to seek a life beyond Mindtree was the reluctance shown by some VCs in partnering with a startup that was completely owned and controlled by the parent organisation.
"The umbilical cord had to be cut," said Janakiraman, 58, who is to retire this year from Mindtree.
Nuvepro has come up with a solution, called VMUnify , which helps enterprises in delivering infrastructure-as-a-service with secure virtual data centres and unified cloud environments.
Nuvepro was among 150 ideas submitted under a programmed called "5 by 50" to encourage entrepreneurial ventures within Mindtree a few years ago. As part of it, Mindtree selects five ideas with potential to generate $50 million in revenue pitched by its employees.
"The services industry is the right place to introduce products," Janakiraman told ET in an interview. "It has the right customers and has enough engineering mindset. It is like a nursery under a banyan tree. It has the shadow. But at some point of time, you have to give it enough light and make it feel the heat of the market," he said. That is when the parent makes the mistake of tightly embracing it and keeping it with itself, and not giving enough focus, he said. "And, we at Mindtree were always clear we will not do it."
Intrapreneurship, or the idea of identifying people within large companies with entrepreneurial bent, is nothing new. But not many companies are able to successfully let go their entrepreneurial talent for building the next big thing.
For Mindtree and several other mid-sized companies, the challenge is to step back and still remain invested in such ideas forged by their employees.
"The services industry is the right place to introduce products," Janakiraman told ET in an interview.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IIM- Calcutta to incubate 40 startups over 5 yearsAjit Balakrishnan
(The Indian Institute of…)
NEW DELHI: The Indian Institute of Management (IIM) Calcutta has launched a new startup incubator as it looks to tap into India's burgeoning start-up eco-system.
The incubator, IIMCalcutta Innovation Park (IIP), which has been registered as a Section 8 company under the new Companies Act, plans to host about 40 startups over five years. It will focus on five key sectors-healthcare, education, clean technology, lifestyle and analytics.
"The incubator will focus on entrepreneurial ventures developing product as well as delivery of services," said Ashok Banerjee , dean, new initiatives and external relations, at IIM Calcutta .
Energy solutions venture ONergy, Doctors For You and primary education-focused company Edwell will be among the first batch of incubated start-ups, while two more ventures are expected to join over the next two months.
IIP, which will provide seed funding of 5- 50 lakh for an undisclosed stake in the ventures, will receive about 7 crore in funding from the Department of Science and Technology , which will be allocated over the same period. It also plans to raise up to 20 crore from its alumni.
The management institute counts notable entrepreneurs such as TutorVista founder Krishnan Ganesh, Rediff's Ajit Balakrishnan and Rocket Internet-backed Jabong's Praveen Sinha among its alumni.
IIP will also look to develop start-up enterprises from the eastern part of the country, a region not traditionally known for emerging enterprises. "The east is still a virgin territory in terms of entrepreneur development, and where we hope to foster change," said Banerjee.
The development comes at a time when private sector incubators and accelerators have taken the lead in building the country's still-nascent startup eco-system.
"The big issue has been the overall infrastructure. Unlike in the US, our really great academic institutions are standalone ones. There is no central ecosystem yet," said Ajit Rangnekar dean, Indian School of Business , which runs the DLabs business incubator.
Apart from ISB, IIM Ahmedabad, IIT Madras and IIT Bombay are among the handful of education institutions to have established a strong reputation in incubating startups.
IIM Ahmedabad's Centre for Innovation, Incubation and Entrepreneurship has seeded over 100 start-ups, including traffic monitoring system Birds Eye Systems and healthcare delivery company Forus , with over 80% going on to raise external capital. "It's been pretty dismal. Two or three institutions have done a great job, but the others have just paid lip service," said Rajesh Sawhney , founder of GSF Accelerator, a leading start-up accelerator in the country.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indo-Aus nuke deal a  new chapter  in bilateral ties: President PranabAustralia
(The Australian Prime Minister…)
NEW DELHI: President Pranab Mukherjee today expressed happiness over bilateral agreement being signed between India and Australia on co-operation in civil nuclear energy and said it will open "a new chapter" in strengthening of relations between the two countries.
Mukherjee told this to Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott who called on him this evening at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
"The President expressed his happiness over the bilateral agreement on co-operation in civil nuclear energy which will be signed during this visit and said this will open a new chapter," the President's Press Secretary Venu Rajamony said in a statement.
The President said India sees Australia as an important supplier of energy resources and a partner in ensuring its energy security.
He invited Australian companies to invest in Indian infrastructure.
The President also called for greater cooperation in counter-terrorism and thanked Australia for its support of India's candidature for a permanent seat in the UN Security Council .
Welcoming Abbott, the President said India attached importance to its relations with Australia and wanted to move forward in bilateral engagements.
"The two countries can work together for common benefit in the Asian era," Mukherjee said and added that frequent exchanges at multiple levels have helped the two countries have a greater understanding of each other's policy and positions.
The Australian Prime Minister assured the President that he was determined to do whatever is required to strengthen an already deep friendship.
Describing India as an emerging democratic superpower, the Australian Prime Minister said Australia recognizes India's increasing importance in the world.
"He (Abbott) would do his best to encourage the people of Australia see the potential for an even deeper friendship with India," the statement said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Japan to nominate two of its government officials to special PMO teamYou are here: Home > Collections > Pmo
Japan to nominate two of its government officials to special PMO team
Dipanjan Roy Chaudhury, ET Bureau Sep 6, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Insurability
(TKA Nair, principal secretary…)
NEW DELHI: Japan will nominate two of its government officials to the special management team being set up under the Prime Minister's Office to work closely with their Indian counterparts and facilitate its proposed investments in the country, a senior official familiar with the matter said.
Within days of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's announcement in Tokyo that the team would be set up and two nominees would be included, the commerce and industry ministry has written to Japan's ministry of economy, trade and Industry or METI to nominate the two officials, the person cited earlier said.
METI is expected to respond soon to fast-track investment proposals from Japan, the official said, adding that the commerce and industry ministry will closely work with the PMO as part of the special management team.
"It is not about just the $35 billion that Japan will provide to boost India's infrastructure; there is an overall enthusiasm in Japan to invest in India and support Indian economy.
This was visible throughout the PM's trip," another official said. Modi's announcement of setting up of the special management team came after the mechanism in the PMO to assist investments from Japan during the tenure of the previous UPA government did not yield desired results in the past few years.
TKA Nair, principal secretary to former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and later his adviser, was the point person for facilitating Japanese investments in India since 2006. However, this mechanism did not yield results. Subsequently, in the initial days of the Modi-led NDA government, the Japanese government found it difficult to move their proposals and suggestions in the absence of a point person in the PMO, sources revealed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Efforts on to sign free trade pact by next year end: Tony AbbottAustralia
(Both the leaders recommitted…)
NEW DELHI: Australia today said efforts are being made to ink the comprehensive free trade pact with India by the end of next year, even as both the sides agreed on early conclusion of the agreement to boost bilateral economic ties.
"Today we have committed ourselves to finalise it at least by the end of next year," Abbott said in a joint press briefing with Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
"The Prime Ministers welcomed the progress towards a Comprehensive Economic Cooperation Agreement (CECA) would support a significant expansion of two-way trade and investment.
"They renewed the commitment of both countries for an early conclusion of an equitable, balanced, comprehensive and high quality agreement," a joint statement issued after a meeting between the two Prime Ministers here.
The negotiations for the CECA were started in 2011. It is aimed at further liberalising and broadening the base of merchandise trade, removing non-tariff barriers and encouraging investments between the two nations. So far, many rounds of negotiations have been completed.
Both the leaders recommitted themselves to expanding trade further for mutual benefit and as a long-term and sustainable boost to economic growth.
"They agreed that there was a significant scope to boost investment and collaboration in both directions in infrastructure, resources, agriculture, manufacturing, health, education and other sectors to increase efficiencies, introduce new technologies and develop innovation and skills," it said.
Abbott, according to the joint statement, expressed commitment to providing a stable investment environment and streamlined approvals process.
Modi also welcomed Australian investments in infrastructure, resources, technology and other projects in India.
Further, both the Prime Ministers noted the expanding bilateral dialogue on economic policy, including in areas such as taxation , competition, financial sector regulation and infrastructure.
"They agreed that economic engagement and business partnerships should be strengthened through a revitalised CEO Forum and encouraged regular exchange of business and trade missions and the convening of an India-Australia Business Summit in Delhi in early 2015," it added.
The bilateral trade between the countries declined to USD 12.12 billion in 2013-14 from USD 15.43 billion in 2012-13.
In the last 14 years, India had received USD 600 million foreign direct investment ( FDI ) from Australia.
On the other hand, India has invested over USD 1 billion in in the last decade.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India adds impressive $400bn to global market capDalal Street
(The victory of Narendra…)
MUMBAI: India has become a dominant force when it comes to building global equity wealth . This year as the global market cap hit $66 trillion, it did so with the help of the tailwind generated by a strong domestic market performance.
Global equity market cap has risen 6.06% to $66 trillion so far in 2014 and India's market cap has grown the fastest to $1.5 trillion from $1.1 trillion. The Asian country's contribution was 10%, or $400 billion, to global market cap with the Sensex emerging the world's best-performing index.
India also attracted the highest FII flows among the emerging markets with over $13 billion received so far this year.
"The undercurrent of markets is very bullish," said Nirmal Jain, chairman & managing director at IIFL. "We expect markets to hit new highs going forward, and our March 2015 target is 9,000 for the Nifty . We expect markets to sustain the current levels, as we see recovery in the economy and corporate earnings, though there might be minor corrections here and there."
Stocks have gained nearly 50% since the low of 17,903 for the Sensex in August last year. The victory of Narendra Modi-led BJP in the May 2014 election has provided a major boost to investors tired of tepid economic growth and a weak government.
'Markets Should Double in Five Years'
The Sensex has climbed 16.5% since Modi's victory on May 16 and it is currently trading at 16.5 times one year forward earnings, the highest among emerging markets. This has caused some unease among investors who believe stocks are fairly valued and the scope for upside is limited "I expect that markets should double in the next five years and I would be surprised if this doesn't happen. I expect money flows to come in from domestic investors, global investors, and from real estate over this period," said Ramdeo Agrawal, co-founder and joint managing director at Motilal Oswal Financial Services.
India's GDP grew at 5.7% in the first quarter of the current fiscal year, exceeding market expectations. The macro-economic data is looking positive, economic activity is expected to gather steam by 2015 and GDP growth rate might hit the 7% mark in the next two years, some analysts say.
"We continue to reinforce our message that earnings are set to double over the next four years, and the market returns could mirror earnings growth," said Jyotivardhan Jaipuria, head of research at DSP Merrill Lynch.
FEATURED ARTICLES

MCX action on PwC report also key to fresh deals nodYou are here: Home > Collections > Mcx
MCX action on PwC report also key to fresh deals nod
Ram Sahgal, ET Bureau Sep 6, 2014, 12.40PM IST
Tags:
Financial Technologies (India)
(It emerges that the regulatory…)
MUMBAI: MCX's ability to launch fresh contracts beyond 2014 will depend primarily on its erstwhile promoter Financial Technologies (India) , or FTIL, exiting from the bourse, but that's not the only condition. It emerges that the regulatory nod for fresh contracts will also be incumbent on the bourse taking action on PwC's findings in its forensic audit of MCX.
Many brokers and exchange officials got to know of this at a stakeholders' meet between regulator Forward Markets Commission (FMC) and exchanges and their members here on Friday. These officials were under the impression that FTIL's stake sale in MCX was the "only" precondition to the bourse being allowed by FMC to launch fresh contracts after 2014, three persons present at the meeting told ET.
But regulatory officials said that while the stake sale was a primary condition, they would take a "considered view" to allow fresh contracts' launch once MCX complied with its not "fit and proper" order of December against FTIL and others in the light of the NSEL scam, and satisfied it that appropriate action had been taken in relation to PwC's audit findings. FMC communicated this to MCX though a letter in May.
Currently, key commodities like gold have just two contracts, while silver and copper just one each. Rollover to fresh contracts can-not take place till FMC gives permission.
Brokers and exchange officials are concerned that if MCX cannot launch fresh contracts soon, not only will its functioning as a going concern come under threat, but the very survival of the commodity market would be jeopardised, one of the persons cited above said. MCX accounted for over 80% of the Rs 101 lakh crore commodity futures market turnover in FY14.
The bourse's troubles began after NSEL, a subsidiary of its erstwhile promoter FTIL, was hit by a Rs 5,600-crore scam. FMC, among other things, found that a subsidiary of NSEL traded on MCX, against rules. It ordered MCX to undertake a forensic audit of the bourse. PwC was appointed for this task. The terms of reference included examining related party transactions on MCX and reviewing expenses of over Rs 25 lakh.
The audit covered a ten-year period through September 2013 and its final report was submitted to the regulator in April this year. Some of the observations PwC made were that MCX paid for services it never received, and certain employees unauthorisedly signed cheques for such services.
For instance, PwC said a payment of Rs 3.9 crore crore was made to a vendor Sky Star Advertising to air MCX promos on channels like Discovery and Animal Planet last year. Despite this, the adverts never appeared on the channels. The employees who signed the cheques were named in the PwC forensic report, which was submitted to the regulator in April this year.
MCX, it is learnt, has already filed criminal complaints against 12 former employees with the Economic Offences Wing of Mum-bai police, which is probing the NSEL scam. A senior EOW official told ET the matter was transferred to a local police station.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top 5 ways to work around absence of a career planYou are here: Home > Collections
Top 5 ways to work around absence of a career plan
Sreeradha D Basu, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 06.10AM IST
(The next step, says Garg,…)
It could be an organisational issue, a personal one, or even a case of prejudice. Either way, it can be demoralising for professionals to deal with a scenario when the organisation does not have a career plan in place for them. Sreeradha D Basu shows you what you can do when confronted with a situation like this.
1. Establish Career Goals
List the areas you are good at and your major achievements, suggests Rajendra Ghag, senior EVP & chief HR officer, HDFC Life. Study the career paths of successful people in your profession, and in your department, he says. Understand the skills, experience and qualification required to be successful. "Enlist the things you would like to learn in the short term to grow to the next level," adds Garg.
2. Discuss Goals with your Manager
The next step, says Garg, is to discuss your career plan with your manager to understand his or her views on your performance in the current role and what you can do to improve it. Discuss your areas of interest and understand the opportunities to learn and grow in those areas in your organisation.
3. Develop your Niche
It's important to be willing to go the extra mile and take additional initiatives as it strengthens your position as a committed and valuable resource. Garg suggests enroling for a course or training programme with a professional institute that will give you exposure to best practices in the industry.
4. Tackle the Organisational Issue
In organisations where there are no set processes for talent growth, you can't take the issue personally, says Rajiv Burman, managing partner of search and selection firm Lighthouse Partners. "You should talk to your supervisor and highlight that you need clarity. If it is still not forthcoming, then you should speak to the HR head, as also to your skip level supervisor," he says.
5. Rule out Prejudice
If your colleagues are clear about their career plans and your competence or performance is not in question, then you should review if you are the victim of bias. In this case, says Burman, you should discuss the matter with your supervisor or as a last resort, your HR head and seek a transfer.
FEATURED ARTICLES

On teachers  day Modi turns one himself...character
(PM Narendra Modi turned…)
NEW DELHI: The question was from a child in Leh. Was young Narendra a mischievous boy? Yes, he could be. He and his friends would gatecrash weddings and surreptitiously staple the clothes of guests. "You can imagine what would've happened when they left the venue," said PM Narendra Modi, and then he laughed.
There was another story about the boys dangling imli (tamarind) before shehnai players who would salivate, making them play the wrong notes. Nobody quite knew what to expect when the government built up Modi's address on Teachers' Day into such a big deal that it began to be seen as a political event.
Modi Addressed 1,000 Students
And what sort of tone would Modi adopt? This was a man who powered his way into 7, Race Course Road with a campaign style that relentlessly hectored and harangued the previous government.
That stern, unsmiling image was softened on Friday in a two hour-plus engagement—with children rather than their teachers— that was pedantic at times but saw Modi actually seeming to relax and enjoy himself. Then again, there were no uncomfortable questions posed. Modi turned teacher for a day as he dispensed lessons on life, lifestyle, character and nationbuilding.
Speaking to more than 1,000 students drawn from government schools across the Capital— and others logged into the event from elsewhere across the country—Modi donned the role of margdarshak, offering his blessings to students, answering their questions and urging his young audience to restore the lost respect for teachers in the country. Modi answered close to 20 questions in the interaction during which he also advised youngsters on the importance of leading a disciplined life, embracing cleanliness, reading biographies and being physically fit. Social scientist Shiv Visvanathan said the event was carefully stage-managed.
"The event was perfectly orchestrated and designed. It was more like a rocket launch than a speech. There was an attempt to create a benign, folklore Modi, like a leader talking to children. It was artificial and frightening to a large extent," he said.
Lamenting the huge shortage of teachers in the country, Modi said, "We need to discuss and introspect on why an ordinary student today does not want to become a teacher when he or she grows up. We need to find an answer to this question."
About 100 government school students from six cities participated in the discussion via satellite. The interaction was aired and viewed by thousands of students across the country simultaneously on TV, radio and the Internet. Modi said the task of motivating children should be a collective endeavour, urging professionals to teach at least one period a week in a school in their neighbourhood. "Nation-building should become a national movement," he said. The highlight of the interaction, however, was technology.
  Modi kept going back to his vision for Digital India and elaborated on his plan to democratise education further with the help of advances in technology. "Just like how I am taking questions from so many students across the country, many good teachers will also be able to take classes like this," he said, while answering a question on girls' education.
Asked whether his life has changed after becoming PM, Modi said he hadn't found time to see Delhi as his responsibilities have increased and he is working even harder than before. "But my experience as a chief minister has helped me immensely in adapting to my new role as the prime minister. My life hasn't changed much in that respect," he said.
Modi gave all his answers in Hindi, including replies to students who asked questions in English from south India.
The day had its share of political drama with Congress taking potshots at Modi for making himself the centre of attraction. "Teachers' Day is a day meant to show the nation's appreciation and respect for teachers for their noble services to our young generation who will be shouldering the responsibility of the nation in the future. It is fine that the prime minister has felt the need to address students across the nation. But apart from highlighting himself, we had hoped the prime minister and his government had also come out with something more substantial in the form of presenting a constructive agenda and vision for the betterment of our students and the education department," Congress spokesperson Salman Khurshid said at a press conference.
The West Bengal government imposed a boycott of the speech by schools by not making any arrangements for screening the event. Mamata Banerjee's government had made it clear last Monday that it would not install TV sets or arrange for Internet access in schools to enable the students to listen to the prime minister. She, instead, addressed a gathering of students and teachers at the Netaji Indoor Stadium and awarded the Siksha Ratna to 100 teachers for their contribution.
Bihar cited poor infrastructure as the reason for not being able to arrange screenings in many government schools. But Uttar Pradesh, interestingly, exhibited a rare enthusiasm with even some madrasas coming forward to telecast Modi's address.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi hits it off with school kids on Teacher s DayPM Modi hits it off with school kids on Teacher's Day
By TNN | 6 Sep, 2014, 10.44AM IST
Narendra Modi interacted with school kids on Teacher's Day; students could preferably related to the PM as he talked about many important issues.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi seemed to have won over a new constituency on Friday - the children. Though the Teacher's Day routine in the city did get tweaked in many ways that people were generally not comfortable with, at the end of the day it seemed the kids had been imparted important lessons. The florists may not have sold the number of roses they usually do, but the children got a lot of food for thought.
They found the PM likeable and no one was complaining about being detained till 5. In fact, there was a lot of laughing and clapping over his anecdotes. In fact, even Modi may not have counted on this ? Many said they could relate to him because he was jovial. Many others felt he had raised important issues like toilets for girls, their role in saving energy, sanitation and cleanliness in schools.
Lavanya Kaushal, a Class IX student of DPS Mathura Road, was impressed with the PM's focus on girl students. "I really liked the fact that he spoke about toilets for girls in schools. He said that girls in rural areas feel very uncomfortable about going to common toilets. We may be comfortable in our schools but so many girls face safety and hygiene problems. After the interaction, we talked about the
girl students in remote areas," she said. Lavanya and her classmate, S Mahalakshmi, wished they could tell him about the crunch in medical seats. "Even bright kids cannot get into medical school simply because there are no seats. There are less than 50 seats in AIIMS.
Do you think he can do something about it," asked Mahalakshmi.
Garima Sharma from Jammu and Kashmir, a student of Class IX who watched the interaction at her hostel, wanted to tell the PM about the pathetic condition of government schools back home. "If I have a chance I will tell him that IT education really needs to be improved in government schools. They should be our equals." Anushka Gupta from Uttarakhand, a student of Class IX would have requested the PM to do away with Continuous Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) because it leads to parents doing a lot of project work and children not getting enough practical experience, she claimed.
Raju Sharma of Class IX, Gargi Sarvodaya Kanya Vidyalaya, Green Park, wished the PM had acknowledged the plight of science students. "I study science but the best opportunities aren't here and people are going out," he said. Paridhi Bhanot of Class IX, Bloom Public School, liked the way the PM answered a question.
"The most interesting bit for me was his response to a question put to him by a girl from Port Blair. She asked him whom he would focus on?an intelligent student who is lazy or an average student who is hardworking. He gave a very nice answer saying, basically, that a teacher is like a mom and she'd treat everyone equally," she said.
Many children said they had interesting ideas to take back like- the Japanese education system where children are extremely disciplined or about how reading autobiographies can help grasp history.
Paridhi stayed back despite attendance being optional and said that most kids were in fact looking forward to the speech, especially after his Independence Day one. Vani Sekhri of class XI also thought that his answer on treating children equally was the highlight of the interaction. But that's the exact question another 11th grader from a south Delhi school objected to. "Why ask the prime minister that? He's not a teacher," he said.
"I would've personally liked spontaneous questions. The question part was 100% scripted and seemed totally artificial," he continued, "Also, tell me something new. I already know toilets should be built for girls' schools." Modi's brief description of the Japanese school system, he concedes, "was interesting." "I would've liked to hear more on that."
Teachers too seemed like they didn't mind the trouble. Vikas Dutta, the physical education teacher at DPS Mathura road loved the fact that PM urged children to take up sports and to be physically active.
His speech made Anjali Gupta, a Physics teacher nostalgic about old students. "The entire speech was extremely touching. But what I liked the most is his talk about the relationship of students and teachers; he spoke about students forgetting to call teachers for their weddings or generally about how we lose touch with teachers. I was really moved because I have thought about it myself quite a few times. Now with social networking sites students are getting in touch with us again. The digital age has made it possible."

Rajnath Singh s new anti-Naxal policy next weekAjit Doval
(The minister is expected…)
NEW DELHI: Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh will fix the contours of a strong anti-Naxal policy in consultation with National Security Adviser Ajit Doval and all intelligence agency chiefs next week, before he paints a rosy picture of India's internal security scenario during his maiden press conference on September 12.
Doval, the Research and Analysis Wing secretary and chiefs of the Intelligence Bureau and Central Reserve Police Forces are among those who will attend a special meeting at North Block with the home minister to decide on an anti-Naxal doctrine and review the current situation on left-wing extremism. ET had reported on September 2 that Singh wants to utilise the expertise of Doval, a former chief of the Intelligence Bureau, in all internal security matters.
At his first press conference since becoming the home minister, Singh is likely to say that the internal security situation has improved under the BJP-led government and that there is relative normalcy in all major theatres of violence, officials familiar with the matter told ET. A brief prepared by the home minister's office for the press conference says there has been a "significant decline" in the level of infiltration and resultant terror activities in Jammu & Kashmir in the past 100 days.
It also points out that there has been a decline in Maoist violence and a "significant jump" in surrenders of Left-wing extremists since the new government took charge in May. According to it, terrorism in the hinterland is "under control" and there has been only one low-intensity blast during this period, in Pune on July 10.
The minister is expected to say that there has been an overall improvement in the complex and diverse scenario in the Northeast. Figures for the past 100 days from all the major areas of unrest will be cited as proof of the government's achievement, officials said. Singh is likely to cite faster approval of border projects as one of his major achievements.
The brief says border infrastructure projects worth Rs 650 crore were approved by a high-level committee on August 26 and Rs 520 crore has already been released until end-August. The minister is likely to claim that certain longpending border infrastructure projects, like construction of roads, have been actively pursued by his ministry with the environment ministry and that the "bottlenecks have been overcome".
The environment ministry recently accepted Singh's suggestion to relax rules for border projects within 100 km of the Line of Control in Kashmir and international borders with Pakistan, China and Bangladesh . Another matter that he is likely to highlight is the inprinciple approval given for creating a National Population Register and issuing a National Identity Card to all citizens. The minister is expected to list out measures taken to ensure safety of women and increase representation of women in police forces.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Prashant writes to PM Modi demanding removal of CBI s SinhaPrashant Bhushan writes to PM Narendra Modi demanding removal of CBI Director Ranjit Sinha
PTI Sep 6, 2014, 06.46AM IST
Tags:
CBI
(Bhushan raised issue of…)
NEW DELHI: Activist lawyer Prashant Bhushan today wrote to Prime Minister Narendra Modi asking him to remove CBI Director Ranjit Sinha and initiate disciplinary and criminal action against him for allegedly abusing his official position to protect accused in high profile corruption cases including 2G spectrum and coal block allocation scam.
In his letter to Modi, the lawyer who is appearing for two NGOs - Centre for Public Interest Litigation (CPIL) and Common Cause - in 2G matter and coalgate - alleged that Sinha was "acting in concert" with the accused and trying to influence or derail the investigation/prosecution of those cases.
The letter, copy of which was forwarded to Home Minister Rajnath Singh , said such "misconduct" is completely unbecoming of a senior police officer, holding the top post of the premier probe agency of the country and required criminal prosecution under the Prevention of Corruption Act.
He said instances of Sinha's alleged misconduct are given in detail in the latest affidavit filed by him before the Supreme Court.
In the letter, Bhushan has referred to the issues raked up by him in the apex court relating to the "entry register" at Sinha's residence, which he claimed, showed that top executives of companies accused in 2G and coalgate met him frequently.
The lawyer has also raised the issue of Sinha's attempt to "interfere" with the probe of Aircel-Maxis deal and keeping at bay Santosh Rastogi, DIG from the 2G matters. Sinha has denied the charge.
Bhushan mentioned names of some high-profile persons associated with one or the other cases who met with Sinha.
In the letter, he said, "When these facts came to light, Sinha got the CBI to issue a statement that these revelations are a lie and no such entry register exists.
"Later, he issued a statement that this is tantamount to an invasion of his privacy and he would sue the NGO, which has raised this issue before the Supreme Court in a PIL, for perjury.
"And then he issued a statement that some entries in the register are genuine while the others are forged. Finally he again changed his statement and stated that there is nothing wrong in meeting the accused," it said.
"It is important to take these actions urgently so that the dignity of the post which he is occupying could be restored and also the important corruption cases, which are being handled by the CBI under his supervision, could be saved from getting derailed," the letter said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CBI moves SC for lodging perjury case against NGO s Secretaryadvocate
(The agency denied the allegation…)
NEW DELHI: CBI today moved the Supreme Court for lodging a case of perjury against Secretary of an NGO for allegedly making "deliberate and intentional false statements on oath" relating to investigations into the 2G spectrum allocation scam.
The agency has sought registration of the case against advocate Kamini Jaiswal, who as the General Secretary of NGO, Centre for Public Interest Litigation (CPIL), has filed an affidavit seeking recusal of CBI Director Ranjit Sinha from participating in the 2G inquiry/trial in any manner.
CBI said that she had also filed affidavit for Sinha's impleadment in the matter by making identical allegations which are punishable under various sections of Indian Penal Code including Section 193 for leading false evidence.
The agency denied allegations against CBI Director of interfering with the probe in Aircel-Maxis deal allegedly involving former telecom minister Dayanidhi Maran or keeping away Santosh Rastogi, DIG, from the 2G cases.
It disputed CPIL's contention that Sinha as the Director was "admonished" by the apex court in the coal scam for showing status report to political parties.
"The application is clearly mischievous and is based upon untrue facts in which mis-statements have been deliberately made so as to obtain favourable orders from this court," the CBI said while accusing CPIL of making wrong allegations that attempt has been made at the behest of the Director to save Maran in the Aircel-Maxis deal.
The agency denied the allegation that CBI Director overruled all investigating officers and Director of prosecution on the issue of filing charge sheet.
It said the charge about the "Director overruling his own investigating officers is clearly false".
"Hence a case of perjury needs to be registered," CBI said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Edit: Why it makes sense for EPFO to invest in marketsWhy it makes sense for EPFO to invest in markets
By ET Bureau | 6 Sep, 2014, 03.00PM IST
A booming stock market and diversified investment portfolio comprising a judicious mix of equities and debt will generate superior returns for workers. 
Editor's Pick
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
After dithering for over a decade, the Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) finally wants to invest in equities. It makes eminent sense. A booming stock market and diversified investment portfolio comprising a judicious mix of equities and debt will generate superior returns for workers. The EPFO must shed its tag as a poor fund manager.
It is also welcome that the archaic Indian Trusts Act will be amended to make this possible. The 19th-century law allows trusts to invest only in securities guaranteed by the British Crown. It is ridiculous it has remained on the statute books all this while, putting huge investments by assorted trusts over the years on the wrong side of the law. The government should purge all such relics from the statutes.
Investment rules already allow the EPFO to invest up to 15% of portfolio in equities, but the trustees shunned stocks and even private sector bonds to ostensibly protect workers' interests. Over 85% of EPFO's money is currently held in government bonds, and the rest is parked in debentures or securities issued by banks and public sector enterprises.
Exempt trusts — provident fund trusts run by private firms — are also forced to follow the same investment pattern as the EPF. That's unfair and must change. Equities are superior long-term investments, even if they tend to be volatile. An amendment to the Trusts Act is an enabling measure. The Central Board of Trustees should quickly give its nod for retirement savings to flow into the stock markets .
The EPFO should also unlock its investment of around.`55,000 crore in Special Deposit Scheme (SDS). The government pays a fixed rate of 8.7% on SDS to EPFO, which, today, is in line with the yield on 10-year g-secs. So, the time is opportune for a phase-out over a five-year span.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Opinion on Twitter Follow

Modi government may allow EPFO to invest in markets» MORE FROM VIDEOS
BREAKING NEWS
Narendra Modi government may allow EPFO to invest in markets, Rs 6,000 crore to flow into stocks annually
By Vikas Dhoot , ET Bureau | 5 Sep, 2014, 06.52AM IST
0
Share More
Proposed change in norms may funnel Rs 6,000 crore annually into stocks, making PF body second-biggest domestic investor.
()
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: The Narendra Modi government may shatter a longstanding bar on the state-run pension fund putting money into equities, sending a flood of money — estimated at Rs 6,000 crore per year at least — into the stock markets, potentially making this the biggest source of domestic institutional investment after LIC.
Such a move, which comes as attractive returns from the Indian stock markets have drawn the world's biggest pension funds, could ease some of the concentration of risk that stems from overseas investors dominating the market, experts said. India's largest retirement fund, the Rs 6.5-lakh-crore Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO), has finally opened its mind about entering the stock market , after nearly a decade of resistance to a finance ministry pitch to park a part of its kitty in equities.
To start with, it is looking at deploying 5% of its corpus in stocks , index funds and exchange-traded funds, based on the recommendation of a high-level panel set up by EPFO that ET has reviewed. To make this possible, EPFO has said the obsolete Indian Trusts Act, 1882, needs to be amended to allow trusts to invest in securities that are not backed by the government. The UPA regime had introduced a Bill to carry out these changes in 2009, but it let the legislation lapse though a parliamentary panel led by BJP's Murli Manohar Joshi had given its approval.
Annual fund flow to EPFO kitty set to rise
Annual inflows into the EPFO kitty amount to about Rs 60,000 crore but are expected to go up sharply thanks to an increase in the salary ceiling for statutory provident fund (PF) contributions from Rs 6,500 per month to Rs 15,000 per month, effective from September 1.
The change of stance on equities within EPFO, the country's second-largest nonbanking financial institution after Life Insurance Corporation , is being driven by two imperatives — the need to generate better returns for members and an inability to find suitable investment options that can be compounded by the higher accretions to its corpus expected in the coming months.
In internal presentations to board members, top PF officials have said the annual EPF rate has been lower than consumer price inflation in four of the past five years, so there is a need to boost returns by considering equity, infrastructure and real estate investments that pension funds around the world use to prevent the erosion of savings through this avenue. Over 85% of EPFO's money is currently held in government bonds while the rest is parked in debentures or securities issued by banks and public sector enterprises. Though investments in private sector debt are allowed, the norms are so strict that only 5.65% of its corpus is invested in such bonds out of a permissible allocation of 10%.
Conservative back-of-the-envelope calculations indicate that 5% of incremental inflows earmarked for equity investments could add up to around Rs 6,000 crore a year. In 2011-12, LIC had invested Rs 50,000 crore in equities. By contrast, overseas funds invested Rs 47,000 crore in equities in that year to March — the lowest since 2008-09.
Page 1 of 2

EPFO asks field staff to enrol their outsourced workersYou are here: Home > Collections > Epfo
EPFO asks field staff to enrol their outsourced workers
PTI Sep 4, 2014, 01.44PM IST
Tags:
Employees Provident Fund Organisation
(EPFO recently notified…)
NEW DELHI: In a bid to put its own house in order, Retirement fund body EPFO has asked its field offices to enrol workers engaged by them through outsourced agencies as members and provide them Universal Account Number (UAN).
"..all field offices must ensure that each worker engaged through outsourced agencies is not only enrolled as PF member but also allotted UAN by KYC details," an office order said.
"It is observed that field offices of Employees Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) too are engaging workers through outside agencies/contracts..such agencies should normally be covered under the (EPF) Act," it added.
EPFO headquarters have asked its over 120 field formations to submit a compliance report in this regard by September 15.
According to information available, there are large number of government bodies, departments and ministries which outsource work to agencies or engage workers through contracts.
"Since the workers engaged through outsourced agencies or contracts are not covered under the state or central social security schemes, they must be made members of the EPFO for the purpose," a senior EPFO official said.
Another EPFO office order issued last month says that according to a study carried by the Labour Ministry, a number of workers deployed by various government departments, undertakings and autonomous bodies on outsourcing basis are not getting the benefits of provident fund, pension and insurance.
EPFO recently notified the higher monthly wage ceiling of Rs 15,000 for becoming member of its social security schemes, which is effective from September 1, and asked its field offices to enhance the workers coverage by 30 per cent.
In order to increase the coverage by 30 per cent, EPFO has asked the staff to especially focus on building and construction industry, placement agencies, mining, public and private sector banks, hospitals, restaurants, schools, workshops, franchises and service centres of branded electronic goods and DTH services providers.
EPFO has asked its officers to investigate whether the security personnel deployed by the banks in their ATMs throughout the country were getting provident fund and other benefits.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chinese President Xi Jinping s India trip on cardsYou are here: Home > Collections
Ajit Doval to visit China next week ahead of China President Xi Jinping's India trip
PTI Sep 5, 2014, 12.23PM IST
Tags:
Ajit Doval
(Ajit Doval will visit Beijing…)
BEIJING: National Security Advisor Ajit Doval will visit Beijing next week for talks with Chinese leaders ahead of President Xi Jinping's visit to India later this month.
During his three-day visit starting from September 8, Doval would hold talks with Yang Jiechi, the Chinese State Councillor, officials here said.
He is also later expected to call on Xi. Doval and Yang are also Special Representatives for the India-China border talks.
However, Doval's visit is part of preparations for Xi's visit to India expected to take place in the third week of this month and not connected with the border talks, officials told PTI.
This is Doval's first visit to China after he succeeded Shivshankar Menon.
Both countries are currently making hectic preparations for Xi's first visit to India after he took over as president last year.
Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman just concluded a three-day visit this week during which she held talks with her Chinese counterpart Gao Hucheng to discuss issues relating to Chinese plans to establish industrial parks in India as well as to take part in the modernisation of Indian railways expected to be announced by Xi during his visit.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sania Mirza-Bruno Soares clinch U.S. Open mixed doubles titleNew York, September 5, 2014
Updated: September 6, 2014 04:59 IST
Sania Mirza-Bruno Soares clinch U.S. Open mixed doubles title
Agencies
Tweet
AP CUP OF JOY: Bruno Soares and Sania Mirza, teaming up for the first time, capped a wonderful run with the mixed doubles title.
Reuters Bruno Soares of Brazil and Sania Mirza of India raise their trophy after defeating Santiago Gonzalez of Mexico and Abigail Spears of the U.S. in the mixed doubles final match at the 2014 U.S. Open tennis tournament, in New York on Friday.
TOPICS
US Open
Sania Mirza clinched her third mixed doubles Grand Slam crown as she and partner Bruno Soares overcame a few anxious moments in the match tie-break to win the US Open here on Friday.
The Indo-Brazilian pair, the top seeds, squandered five championship points before registering a 6-1, 2-6, 11-9 win over USA’s Abigail Spears and Santiago Gonzalez of Mexico. The match lasted exactly an hours.
After breezing through the first set, the way they did throughout the championship, Sania and Soares surrendered the second meekly.
In the match tie-break, the top-seeded combination got their act together, racing to a 9-4 lead. Spears and Gonzalez put up a fight to make it 9-9, saving five match points. However, helped by Soares’s serve, the No. 1 seeds took the next point and it was all over when Spears hit the ball long.
It was the first time Sania and Soares were playing together.
“Playing with him is a lot of fun. He did not play with me all these years and I don’t know why,” said Sania. She also confirmed that the two will team up for next year’s Australian Open.
Sania’s third
Sania’s previous titles came with compatriot Mahesh Bhupathi, the duo winning the Australian Open in 2009 and French Open in 2012.
It was Soares’s second US Open mixed doubles crown.
In 2012, he won the title along with Russia’s Ekaterina Makarova.
On Thursday, Sania and Cara Black of Zimbabwe, the third seeds, lost in the women’s doubles semifinals to the unseeded Swiss-Italian pair of Martina Hingis and Flavia Pennetta 6-2, 6-4.

Deepika  Arjun take Finding Fanny to Delhientertainment
Deepika, Arjun take ‘Finding Fanny’ to Delhi
Deepika Padukone and Arjun Kapoor were in the capital to promote their forthcoming quirky comedy, ‘Finding Fanny’. The duo that will be seen together for the first time onscreen interacted with the media and fans at the promotional event. (Source: Express photo by Amit Mehra)
Deepika Padukone looked lovely in a grey Isabel Marant top and skirt with teal-coloured jewellery in keeping with the ‘Wear Teal Day’ in support of ovarian cancer awareness. (Source: Express photo by Amit Mehra)
Wonder what Arjun has said to his onscreen ladylove in splits. The actor, who plays the role of Savio in the film, told reporters, “I can’t relate much to the characters I have played on screen. That’s because my characters have always ended up disrespecting women somehow.” (Source: Express photo by Amit Mehra)
Talking about her onscreen character, Angie, Deepika said, “Angie lives in her own world. She doesn’t become too happy or too sad with anything. But I guess that’s an actor’s job. You should be able to mould yourself into a particular character.” (Source: Express photo by Amit Mehra)
Deepika and Arjun were joined by their director Homi Adajania and producer Dinesh Vijan. (Source: Express photo by Amit Mehra)

Alibaba Seeks to Raise Over $21 Billion in Record US Tech IPOYou are here: Home Corporates
Alibaba Seeks to Raise Over $21 Billion in Record US Tech IPO
Reuters | Updated On: September 06, 2014 13:11 (IST)
Jack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
Alibaba Group Holding Ltd seeks to raise more than $21 billion (Rs 1.26 lakh crore at 1 dollar = 60 rupees) in an initial public offering (IPO) that will value the Chinese e-commerce giant at up to $163 billion and rank as the largest-ever technology debut in the United States.
Alibaba expects to price its IPO between $60 and $66 per American depository share (ADS), valuing the company at about $162.69 billion (Rs 9.76 lakh crore) at the top end of the range and raising a maximum of $21.1 billion.
The company, founded by former English schoolteacher Jack Ma, will decide on its final price after a globe-spanning roadshow that will kick off in New York on Monday, and is expected to stop in cities from Hong Kong to San Francisco.
If all goes well, Alibaba may ring the opening bell on the New York Stock Exchange in as little as two weeks.
Industry analysts had expected Alibaba to try for a valuation in excess of $200 billion, ranking the Chinese company among the 20 largest publicly traded companies in the United States. It may eventually price above the initial range, should it deem investor demand sufficient.
Many investors are eager to buy a piece of a Chinese company that handles more e-commerce than Amazon.com Inc and eBay combined.
"This number may seem enormous, but when you look at the value compared with the company's fundamentals, it's not as rich as we might expect," said Brian Hamilton, chairman of private company analysis firm Sageworks.
Caution now
But some investors remain cautious about the potential conflicts of interest between Ma's role as a steward of the company, and his investment interests elsewhere.
The company has also attracted its share of controversy in the past, as when it hived off its lucrative payments unit Alipay, triggering objections from major shareholders Yahoo and Softbank.
The company said in its latest prospectus that it has racked up almost $16 million in IPO-related legal fees, unusually high for an IPO and an indication of the effort that Alibaba and its advisers have undertaken to prepare a complicated prospectus.
"When an internet company of our scale that originated from China enters the global scene, you should expect that it will encounter scepticism from different directions due to differences in cultural perspectives, values and even geopolitical positioning," Ma said in a letter to investors reminiscent of the "founder's letters" that accompanied the debuts of Facebook and Google.
"While it may be difficult for a public Alibaba to side-step controversy, we hope that controversies generate constructive debate and add fresh perspectives to the dialogue on globalisation."
Some investors say the company's fundamentals outweigh the risk of investing in a company with an unfamiliar governance structure.
Alibaba accounts for about 80 per cent of all online retail sales in China, where rising internet usage and an expanding middle-class helped the company generate gross merchandise volume of $296 billion in the 12 months ended June 30.
The Chinese e-commerce giant's revenue accelerated in the April-to-June quarter on strong gains in its mobile business, providing investors with what may be the final glimpse of the company's financials before its expected landmark market debut.
Revenue in the June quarter increased 46 per cent year-on-year to $2.54 billion, a faster pace than the 38.7 per cent growth in the previous quarter.
Alibaba is selling 123.1 million of the 320.1 million ADSs slated for the IPO. Shareholders including Yahoo, Ma and executive vice chairman Joe Tsai are offering the remainder.
CitiGroup has been appointed to the depositary receipt role for Alibaba, which means it will hold the underlying shares and issue ADRs to shareholders, according to a source familiar with the matter.
In other key banking roles, Morgan Stanley MS.N and Credit Suisse CS.N will manage the so-called "lockup" agreement that dictates when pre-IPO shareholders will be able to sell once the stock starts trading, a person familiar with the matter told Reuters. Goldman Sachs will act as the "stabilization agent", overseeing the stock's early trading.
Credit Suisse will also oversee the "friends and family program", formally known as a directed share program, the person familiar with the matter said.
"Listen, it's a very successful company. The market needs a company like this," said Akram Yosri at 3i Capital Group. "As an institutional, I would have liked to see around $135 billion. It's up to the syndicate now, I hope they exercise prudence."
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: September 06, 2014 13:09 (IST)

Suzuki Motor Chief Meets Gujarat Chief MinisterYou are here: Home Corporates
Suzuki Motor Chief Meets Gujarat Chief Minister
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 06, 2014 12:41 (IST)
Jack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
Gandhinagar: Suzuki Motor Corp chief Osamu Suzuki met Gujarat Chief Minister Anandi Patel on Friday, even as the state government cleared issues related to the company owning and investing at the upcoming plant in the state instead of its Indian arm, Maruti Suzuki.
Mr Suzuki discussed with the minister the Japanese auto major's proposed plant coming up at Hansalpur village of Ahmedabad district at an estimated investment of Rs 4,000 crore, according to an official statement.
He told Ms Patel that the plant would be operational by May 2017, it added.
A senior government official said the state has sorted out all the issues pertaining to the transfer of ownership of the Gujarat plant to Suzuki from Maruti Suzuki India (MSI).
"At present, all the technical issues have been sorted out. Concession on VAT is not at all an issue, as we are going to give them concession," the state's Additional Chief Secretary Finance, Hasmukh Adhiya, said.
The plant was originally proposed to be set up Suzuki's Indian arm Maruti Suzuki India. It was, however, decided that the Japanese parent would own and invest there.
The move was opposed by institutional shareholders in Maruti Suzuki, forcing the company to seek minority shareholders' approval after tweaking original proposals and the voting is expected to be held sometime in October.
It had also led to issues on the agreement with the state government as it was signed with Maruti Suzuki and not Suzuki. Such an investment by Suzuki would have to be considered a foreign direct investment (FDI), requiring the government to rework rules related to VAT concession to clear the proposal.
Earlier during June this year, Maruti Suzuki India chairman R C Bhargava had met Ms Patel and Finance Minister Saurabh Patel to sort out the issues.
The plant was meant to be Maruti Suzuki's first plant outside Haryana and third in the country after Gurgaon and Manesar. Now, it is is being proposed to be set up another wholly-owned company of SMC -- Suzuki Motor Gujarat Pvt Ltd.
During June 2012, the state government allocated 700 acres of land to Maruti Suzuki India Ltd (MSIL) near Hansalpur to set up its plant. At that time, it was announced that MSIL will invest Rs 4,000 crore.
During their meeting on Friday, Ms Patel extended a formal invitation to Mr Suzuki to attend the forthcoming 'Vibrant Gujarat Summit-2015' to be held in January.
Mr Suzuki told Ms Patel that a high-level delegation will participate in the upcoming summit, a press release said. During the meeting, Mr Suzuki also briefed her about the recent visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to Japan.
Story first published on: September 06, 2014 01:19 (IST)

DataWind partners Spice RetailApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Lenovo launches S5000 tablet for Rs 10 999Apple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Motorola unveils new Moto G  Moto X  Moto 360 smartwatch in India on FlipKartApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Few takers for CIL coal import  despite fuel shortageProbal Basak |  Kolkata Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 12:40 AM IST
Few takers for CIL coal import, despite fuel shortage
Requisition for less than a million tonnes despite shortage
While formulating its fuel supply agreements (FSAs) with power producers, state-run Coal India (CIL) was earlier forced to keep a provision for imports, after a directive from the Prime Minister’s Office (PMO) in 2012.
However, as CIL gets ready to make its maiden import, it is doing so for a requisition from only a handful of plants, with a total requirement of less than a million tonnes, even as power units are grappling with acute coal shortages.
“We have got requirements from only seven or eight plants,” said a top CIL official. The total import requirement is only about 80,000 tonnes.
MMTC, to import for CIL, has been asked to initiate the process. “MMTC would float a tender and tie-up parties. We hope for delivery of imported coal by year-end,” said the official.
The low import requirement was something CIL did not expect. “Before floating the expression of interest (for the import), we had meetings with power plants and the initial estimate was that we would have to import five million tonnes. Given the talks of low stocks, we thought it would go up. It has not happened. However, plants have the option to import on their own,” said another official.
This comes when the Central Electricity Authority had said of the 100 power plants monitored by it, 27 have less than four days of stock.
According to the FSA formulated in 2013, the company will offer 65 per cent domestic coal to the post-2007 plants and and to meet the balance obligation of 15 per cent, CIL offered to import for willing power producers on a cost-plus basis.
CIL officials argue this low requirement for imported coal vindicates its stand that the primary reason for low stocks is power plants’ failure to make prior arrangements.
CIL was initially opposed to the idea of import. Even after the PMO issued a directive to make adequate coal supplies to power producers on its own or through import, the then head, Zohra Chatterji, said: “We are not in the business of importing coal... it is one of the ways to meet the demand, theoretically.”
On power producers’ dally over import, an industry source said, “International coal prices are higher than domestic coal, though this has come down significantly. But everyone wants to ensure their fuel requirements are fulfilled through more of domestic coal. Another reason could be that some are waiting for the international price to further go down.”
According to Rupesh Shanke, a senior analyst at Karvy, the price gap between domestic and international coal is still about 30 per cent.
DEALING WITH COAL SHORTAGE
Feb 2012: PMO asks CIL to supply adequate coal to power producers on its own or through imports
 
Feb 2012: CIL acting chairman Zohra Chatterji responds to the directive, saying the company “is not in the business of importing coal”
 
Aug 2012: CIL board agrees to supply a minimum of 80 per cent of the contracted quantity of the fuel to power firms, meeting 15 per cent requirement through imports
 
Aug 2013: Fuel Supply Agreement signed accordingly. CIL agrees to import for willing power plants
 
Sep 2013: Following meeting with power plants, CIL indicates it would have to import 15 mts
 
Nov 2013: CIL floats tender for selection of agency from government department or government-owned company or public sector entity for supply of imported coal. Finds no bidder
 
Jan 2014: CIL floats tender for the second time
 
May 2014: MMTC selected for import
 
Sep 2014: CIL gets requisition 7-8 plants with a total requirement of about 0.8 mts
 Advertisements

Markets prepare themselves for slew of IPOsSamie Modak |  Mumbai Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 12:57 AM IST
Markets prepare themselves for slew of IPOs
Buoyed by the success of secondary  market, IPO market set to see high action
With the market rising and investor sentiment improving, India’s primary market is warming up for action, after a hiatus of about two years. Buoyed by the success of the Rs 200-crore initial public offering (IPO) of Snowman Logistics, which saw bids worth about Rs 12,000 crore, at least three more IPOs are set to hit the market.
On Friday, agrochemical company Sharda Cropchem launched a Rs 350-crore offering. Next in line are media firm Shemaroo Entertainment, which plans to raise about Rs 150 crore, and apparel retailer Monte Carlo Fashion’s Rs 500-crore IPO.
Adlabs Entertainment and Lavasa Corporation are seeking regulatory nods to launch such offerings.
If the Sharda Cropchem, Shemaroo and Monte Carlo IPOs go through, September will be the best month for the IPO market since December 2012, in terms of the number of offerings. Since 2013, only five IPOs have hit the market, indication the slowdown the primary market has seen.
“Discussions with companies have increased substantially and we think there are many quality issues in the pipeline. We feel there will be more filings with Sebi (Securities and Exchange Board of India) through the next few months,” said Sanjay Sharma, managing director and head (equity capital markets), Deutsche Equities India.
“In the past two to three years, there wasn’t much activity in the equity market. So, people had stopped work on IPOs. Now that the markets have opened up, you will find more such offerings; you will start seeing more IPOs hitting the market after September,” said Indraneil Borkakoty, managing director, IDFC Investment Banking.
It is expected share sale activity by the government will also gather steam soon.
Sources say the Centre has already started road shows for disinvestment in Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) and Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC).
SAIL’s offer for sale (OFS) of about Rs 2,000 crore is likely to be first off the block, followed by ONGC’s mega share sale of about Rs 15,000 crore.
Investment bankers are confident the new paper supply, be it through IPOs or OFSs, will be lapped up by investors. The optimism stems from the recent success of share sales in listed companies, as well as the availability of liquidity. This year, about Rs 60,000 crore has already been raised through qualified institutional placements, OFS and block trades. Foreign investors have pumped in about $13 billion into the stock market this year, while mutual funds have invested about Rs 12,000 crore since July. Equity mutual fund schemes, after recording inflows of about Rs 20,000 crore in the last three months, are waiting to deploy funds in new paper in the market.
Experts say investor preference is shifting from the debt market to equities, adding this will help the primary market offerings, as prices of listed companies have already run up substantially. The shift can be attributed to tax changes in the case of debt mutual funds, as well as the success of the equity market. India’s benchmark indices—the Sensex and the Nifty—have soared about 30 per cent so far this year and are close to their all-time highs.
 Advertisements

J&K flood situation worsens  death toll mounts to 100J&K flood situation worsens, death toll mounts to 100
PTI
Tweet
THE HINDU;THE HINDU Army jawans paddle a raft as they assist Kashmiri residents during flood rescue operations in the outskirts of Srinagar on Saturday.
THE HINDU Army jawans assist stranded locals during flood rescue operations in the outskirts of Srinagar on Saturday.
THE HINDU;THE HINDU Army jawans during flood rescue operations in the outskirts of Srinagar on Saturday.
PTI A portion of the Bhagwati Nagar bridge over the river Tawi collapsed following heavy rains and floods in Jammu on Saturday. -- PTI
THE HINDU;THE HINDU A submerged street in Srinagar on Friday.
THE HINDU;THE HINDU Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah (in yellow jacket) inspecting rescue operations in Newa Khanda in the aftermath of a flood caused due to incessant rains in Srinagar on Friday.
Jammu/Srinagar, Sept 6:  
The flood situation in Jammu and Kashmir continued to worsen today with the death toll mounting to 100 while rescuers struggled to evacuate thousands of people to safety as major rivers and streams were in spate due to incessant rains.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh held a meeting with Chief Minister Omar Abdullah to take stock of the flood situation soon after he arrived this morning in Srinagar, but could not undertake an aerial survey due to inclement weather.
Omar himself drove Rajnath Singh, who was accompanied by Minister of State in PMO Jitendra Singh, through Srinagar city, which was experiencing heavy rainfall.
In Jammu region, 11 more deaths were reported today, including seven in two house collapse incidents in Udhampur.
Four more bodies were recovered from Thursday’s bus mishap in which 63 members of a marriage party were washed away in Rajouri district, SSP Rajouri Mubasir Latiffe said, adding a total of 29 bodies have been recovered so far.
At least nine Army personnel, including an officer, were today trapped in a strong water current as their boat capsized during a rescue operation in Pulwama district, where the River Jhelum has breached its embankment, prompting authorities to issue a red alert for people living in low lying areas of south Srinagar.
“We have launched an operation to rescue the missing personnel,” an army official said, adding, “Despite facing dangers to personal safety, the army personnel are out there to provide relief to the civilian population of Kashmir.”
With today’s deaths, a total of 100 people have died in the state hit by floods and land slides due to incessant rains since Wednesday. While 89 people have been killed in Jammu, 11 have died in the Kashmir Valley so far.
In Jammu, authorities have closed four bridges connecting two parts of city after they suffered damage due to River Tawi flowing above the danger mark.
“The situation is very bad. It is becoming more critical as rains have not stopped, making the rescue and relief operation difficult,” officials said.
As many as 7,000 people were rescued in various areas in Jammu by teams of the Army and IAF, with 85 columns (75-100 personnel each) of troops and Air Force helicopters taking part in the operations in the State.
Several rivers have been flowing above the danger mark and most parts of south Kashmir, including Pulwama, Anantnag and Kulgam districts are submerged.
“Operation Megh Rahat in Jammu and Operation Sahayata launched by Army in Jammu and Kashmir regions has moved on to the next phase where the Army plans extensive deployment in support of flood relief,” Defence Spokesman Col S D Goswami said.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)

We would like to improve death bowling before WC: DhoniPress Trust of India | Leeds | Posted: September 6, 2014 2:10 pm
Indian captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni has sent out a message to his pacers to work on their “death bowling” skills if the ODI world champions were to defend their title Down Under next year.
The Men in Blue suffered a 41-run defeat at the hands of England in the fifth and final one-day international at Headingly Friday but still won the series 3-1 after posting three crushing wins on the trot.
“Death-over bowling is something which I would like to improve because conditions in Australia-New Zealand will be very different. We are not playing too many games in New Zealand but the grounds are not very big there. So we cannot use spinners too much after the 40th over and to some extent it will put extra pressure on fast bowlers to take more responsibility,” Dhoni said.
The Men in Blue have five ODIs at home versus the West Indies and then at least four matches in the tri-series involving Australia and England in January. If there are any major concerns, they have to be addressed soon.
“It is really important for them to use the coming games well. But at the same time in the next five matches versus the West Indies, we will get fair amount of dew so they might find it tough to execute their yorkers or may not find their reverse swing.
“It won’t be exactly like what we may face later in Australia-New Zealand,” the skipper said.
Asked about the inconsequential match, which England won riding on Joe Root’s second ODI hundred, Dhoni blamed his batsmen for poor strokes.
“Overall the bowling was quite good today (Friday). It was a good wicket to bat on and 300 was the par score,” said Dhoni after the game.
“But we gave away quite a few soft wickets in the middle overs. We lost too many wickets and were not in position to chase the runs afterwards. So those loose dismissals really cost us the game.”
Root smashed 113 off 108 balls as England avoided a whitewash after posting 294 for seven.
The Indian captain though went on to praise Mohammad Shami, who took 2-52, but bowled well in the death overs.
Surprisingly, India had dropped Dhawal Kulkarni after his debut game in Birmingham and brought in Umesh Yadav, whilst still playing Bhuvneshwar Kumar.
“His execution was great today (Friday) which I feel is lacking in some of other fast bowlers. But definitely he bowled really well with a few yorkers. Whenever I needed him or asked him he really bowled well, so I was definitely impressed with his bowling,” said the skipper.
“Yorker is very simple but it is a most difficult ball to execute. It takes a lot out of you and takes a lot to bowl the yorker especially if batsmen use the ramp shot or scoop the ball and batsmen get down very early to such deliveries in death overs. So you have to be continued…

One more humid  hot one before cooler air arrivesComments
11:45 a.m. update: It sure is toasty out there. Temperatures are already nearing 90 in spots across the area. With dew points still also in the oppressive 70s, if you can’t find a pool it might be a good day to get some chores done indoors. All this heat and humidity is priming the air mass for thunderstorm potential later today.
11 a.m. surface CAPE (instability) shows pockets of moderate to high levels already. This is a good sign there will be “fuel” available for storms that form later. (SPC)
But despite plentiful surface heat and humidity, wind shear, or stronger winds aloft — a necessary ingredient for more than isolated severe weather — is generally lacking. Our severe weather expert Jeff Halverson checked in on the threat this morning, and had the following to say:
There is potential for significant CAPE [storm energy], and the air mass is juicy. So from a thermodynamic standpoint, some storms are likely to pulse. There may be just enough shear (20 knots) for weak, multicellular organization. Both the WRF and HRRR [short-range weather models] suggest a line of showers and storms will develop late afternoon ahead of the cold front. The main threats: Isolated strong to marginally severe storms, with wet microbursts, intense lightning and torrential rain.
Exact timing and coverage of storms will remain difficult to pin down until they begin to form. Given the lack wind shear, we’ll probably need to wait until the front gets closer to the region, so the late afternoon through evening timeframe noted in the forecast below remains favored. Some guidance pops things earlier though. We’ll keep you apprised as storms begin to develop to the west/northwest later today.
Today’s Daily Digit
A somewhat subjective rating of the day’s weather, on a scale of 1 to 10.
6
Another hot and humid one. Plus increasing odds of showers and storms during the late day.
Express Forecast
Today: Partly cloudy. Late day showers and storms. Highs: Upper 80s to low 90s.
Tonight: Showers and storms dwindle. Lows: Mid-60s to near 70.
Tomorrow: Variably cloudy. A few showers? Highs: Near 80.
FORECAST IN DETAIL
Radar & lightning: Latest regional radar shows movement of precipitation and lightning strikes over past two hours. Refresh page to update. Click here or on image to enlarge. Or see radar bigger on our Weather Wall .
From 5:00 a.m.: Our late-season heat is about to get on out of here, but first we’ve got another very humid and hot day ahead of us. As the cold front approaches this afternoon and into tonight, scattered to numerous showers and storms are likely across the area. Cooler conditions will be noticeable tomorrow, but we may not see any truly “nice” weather for a while yet.
Today (Saturday): There could be a sprinkle or shower around in the morning, but it’s not likely very widespread if so. After that we’re looking at partly cloudy skies for much of the day. It’s toasty and muggy out ahead of the front, with highs rising to the upper 80s and low 90s. As the front approaches, showers and storms develop to our northwest during the afternoon and shift this way thereafter. It’s hard to say for sure everyone gets hit, but there’s a 70% chance for rain, so many spots should.
The best odds of strong to possibly severe storms locally is in roughly the 5-10 p.m. window (we’ll update on that as needed). The main severe risk, if it develops, would be isolated damaging winds. Any storm could also produce heavy rain. Confidence : Medium
Tonight: Strong storms remain a good bet through the evening, and with the front still off to the northwest, showers and some rumbles may persist into the overnight before fully tapering off late. Once we get the front through, around or after midnight, drier and cooler air begins to filter in. Still, we’ll keep enough clouds around for lows only to dip into the mid-60s to near 70. Generally light winds shift to the northwest behind the front. Confidence: Medium
For related traffic news, check out Dr. Gridlock . Keep reading for the forecast through the weekend…
Tomorrow (Sunday): The cold front doesn’t get too far to our south and east before stalling out, so we may see a few showers linger, probably mainly in the morning if so. We’ll probably eke out partly cloudy skies, but it’s hard to rule out cloudier times. Humidity is down, as dew points move into and through the 50s. Couple that with highs in the upper 70s to near 80, plus a breeze from the northwest, and it’ll feel much better than recent days. Confidence: Medium-High
Tomorrow night: Clouds are likely to be more numerous than not through the night as a wave of low pressure attempts to develop along the front to our southeast. The air is still relatively dry though, so lows are in the pleasant low 60s for the suburbs to the upper 60s downtown. A chance of a shower may pop up between midnight and dawn, especially south and east. Confidence: Medium-High
A LOOK AHEAD
Uncertainty is thick we head back to work on Monday, thanks to the potential for that developing low pressure near the coast to our south and east. At the least, we should remain with a good deal of clouds and a scattered shower threat. It’s also possible we see a more sustained rain work into parts of the area, which could last off and on throughout the day. If that scenario unfolded it would probably favor the immediate metro and south/east. Either way, we should remain cooler, with highs in the near 80 zone if drier and stuck in the 70s if wetter. Confidence: Low-Medium
Tuesday should bring lower rain chances and perhaps slightly milder temperatures, though timing could still shift on any coastal wave development. Skies are probably again shrouded by clouds at times, but we should see some periods of sunshine as well. Humidity has worked its way back up solidly into the moderate range, but highs reaching the near 80 to low 80s range keeps it feeling mostly tolerable. Confidence: Medium
Ian Livingston is a forecaster/photographer and information lead for the Capital Weather Gang.  By day, Ian is a defense and national security researcher at a D.C. think tank.

Lenovo launches Vibe X2  Vibe Z2 smartphones at IFA 2014Urgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Adding two new phones to its Vibe line of smartphones, Lenovo launched two new devices - Vibe X2 and Vibe Z2 - at IFA 2014 in Berlin. The Lenovo Vibe X2 comes with a tri-layered design, and is, therefore, claimed to be the world's first layered smartphone. It comes in four colors - white, red, gold, and dark grey.
The Lenovo Vibe X2 is powered by the new MediaTEK MT6595 4G LTE True8Core processor and has a 5-inch FHD resolution display.
The Vibe X2 smartphone packs two cameras equipped with multiple shooting modes and beautification features. It has a 5 megapixel wide-angle front camera, featuring auto-shutter gesture controls that activate the lens with the blink of an eye or a smile. The 13MP auto-focus, rear-facing camera comes with a back-illuminated sensor and LED flash. The phone has 32GB of internal storage.
Lenovo's Vibe X2 and Vibe Z2 smartphones will be available first in China starting in October, and subsequently in Asia Pacific, Eastern Europe and the Middle East.
The Lenovo Vibe Z2, on the other hand, features a 5.5-inch (1280x720) HD display. It is Lenovo's first 64-bit powered smartphone, which means it will be able to take advantage of Google's future versions of Android that supports high-performance 64-bit computing.
The Vibe Z2 is engineered with the Qualcomm Snapdragon 64-bit quad-core 1.2GHz processor and has a 3000mAh battery. The Vibe Z2 also provides dual SIM support. Its 13 megapixel rear camera offers optical image stabilization. Also, it comes with an 8 megapixel front camera designed with an anti-distortion lens.
Lenovo's Vibe X2 and Vibe Z2 smartphones will be available first in China starting in October, and subsequently in Asia Pacific, Eastern Europe and the Middle East. The Vibe X2 will retail at $399 and the Vibe Z2 will retail at $429.

Would not have made  Finding Fanny  without Naseeruddin Shah: Homi AdajaniaPrint
Naseeruddin Shah plays an oddball postman in 'Finding Fanny'.
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 3:05 pm | Updated: September 6, 2014 3:06 pm
Director Homi Adajania says he would not have made his English satire ‘Finding Fanny’ without Naseeruddin Shah, who plays an oddball postman in the movie. Naseer’s character sets out on a journey to find his childhood love Stephanie ‘Fanny’ Fernandes with the help of four other people.
“Naseer bhai was always my first choice for the film. I have replaced other characters but if Naseer bhai would have said no to me I would not have made this film. He liked my script and we laughed a lot after reading it,” Homi, who had also worked with the veteran actor in his debut film ‘Being Cyrus’, said.
The filmmaker said he wanted to make ‘Finding Fanny’ before his last love story ‘Cocktail’ but he delayed it because Naseer did not have dates. “The reason I didn’t make it at that time is because Naseer didn’t have dates. We were almost ready to start the project in two months. But I dropped it because my wife said if you don’t have your desired cast then drop it. I started making ‘Cocktail’ and it was a blessing in disguise because it gave me the kind of money we wanted for Fanny,” he said.
Read: Haven’t made ‘Finding Fanny’ for any particular set of people: Homi Adajania
Homi says every song and sequence in the film is apt with the script be it Dimple Kapadia’s prosthetic bum. “The reason that I wanted to have her big bum because she is hiding her painful secret with her appearances and behaviour. I went to her and told her that you need to put a big bum and she readily agreed to do that,” he said. Dimple would be seen in the funny character of Rosalina ‘Rosie’ Eucharistica, who has a bizarre fashion sense.
“Dimple is playing a busy body in the fictitious village of Goa. She is actually a lazy woman but she likes to portray herself as someone who wants to do everything. She is a widow and lives with her daughter-in-law Deepika Padukone,” he said.
In Pics: Deepika, Arjun take ‘Finding Fanny’ to Delhi
The film was shot in Goa and it has tried to revive the old-world charm of the state which is now being shown as the destination of drugs and rave parties. “We are happy to revive the image of the place as the idea was to shoot the jungles, Portuguese architecture and back waters rather than the busy city life. We shot in the interiors of Goa. The idea was to make a fictional Goa and it did not have any time zone. I shot in seven villages to create my own village and logistics were a main issue,” he said.
‘Finding Fanny’ also stars Arjun Kapoor, Pankaj Kapur and Deepika Padukone in pivotal roles and is releasing on September 12.
Naseer bhai was always my first choice for the film. I have replaced other characters but if Naseer bhai would have said no to me I would not have made this film.

I relate to my character in  Finding Fanny : Arjun KapoorPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 3:16 pm
Actor Arjun Kapoor could completely relate to his character in Homi Adajania ‘s ‘Finding Fanny’. The four-film old actor plays a Konkani mechanic Savio Da Gama in the English/ Hindi satirical film based in Goa.
“After doing the film I found that there are many similarities between me and the character. The deadpan nature of saying things, sometimes impulsive reactions, his non-ability to show emotion are things which I realise are very similar to me,” Arjun said.
In Pics: Deepika, Arjun take ‘Finding Fanny’ to Delhi
The film narrates the story of five oddballs who go on a journey to find an old postman’s childhood love Stephanie ‘Fanny’ Fernandes. It will hit theatres on September 12. Arjun has shunned his muscular image in the film and will be seen in an interesting look of tattoos and cool quirky glasses.
The ‘Gunday’ star gave the credit behind his chic look to his director Homi and his fashionista wife Anaita Shroff. “Homi and Anaita are behind my look in the film. They wanted my hair to be shabby, so I got a particular hairstyle. I did three tattoos and I got my birthday tattoo too in the film. There is only one jeans and a t-shirt and shirt. The glasses in the film belong to my father which I discovered one day,” he said.
Arjun started his career in showbiz with Yash Raj’s ‘Ishaqzaade’ followed by ‘Aurangzeb’, ‘Gunday’ and ‘2 States’. With each film, Arjun feels he has evolved as an actor. “I am very fortunate that I grew up in a film background. Since my childhood I have seen how they concentrate on improving their craft. I have also worked with good actors and directors.
“By sharing screen space with them and watching them deliver scenes you get to learn so many things. Anil chachu (Anil Kapoor) has always been my inspiration. He is one of the most disciplined actors I have ever seen,” Arjun said.
After doing the film I found that there are many similarities between me and the character.

Multibagger idea: Pennar Industries has surged 121% in last 5 monthsAditya Rao
(All verticals of the company…)
MUMBAI: Midcap steel company Pennar Industries is in a strong bull-run. The stock has surged 121 per cent in last 5 months and the rally is set to continue as the economic activity picks up.
Aditya Rao , Vice Chairman & Managing Director, Pennar Industries in an interview to ET Now said the company is seeing Seeing significant growth across verticals in FY15.
Steel products business is expected to grow to more than Rs 450 crore in FY15. The company is expecting double-digit growth in railways business in FY15. As of now, the railways business has an orderbook of Rs 120 crore.
All verticals of the company are generating positive cash flows and the management is confident of increasing cash profits in FY15 vs previous fiscal.
"All the businesses of the company are directly linked to overall macroeconomic recovery. The company has immense operational leverage to take the benefit in almost all of its businesses. Capacity in all segments is underutilized since last 4 years due to lack of demand," said IndiaNivesh report.
According to the brokerage, corporate action by the company on getting subsidiary (PEBS) separately listed on exchanges could be the additional trigger.
Pennar Industries is trading at P/E multiple of 8.8x FY15E and 5.9x FY16E earnings estimate, which is well below 14.3x - three year historical average.
"Average ROE for the company in past three years has been 12.9 per cent. In FY15E and FY16E, the ROE of the company is likely to improve to 16.4 per cent and 20.3 per cent respectively on back of increased capacity utilization and margin expansion," the report said.
"We value this company at conservative PE multiple of 10x to FY16E EPS (Rs. 8.1), which gives the target price of Rs 81. Seeing 70 per cent upside potential on stock from current price, we recommend BUY on Pennar Industries," the report added.
On Friday, the stock ended at Rs 50.95, up 8.75 per cent, on the BSE . It rallied 9.8 per cent to touch intraday high of Rs 51.45.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Expect Nifty to hit 8250-8300 by September-end: Mitesh ThackerCrompton
(I do expect the market breadth…)
In a chat with ET Now, Mitesh Thacker, Technical Analyst, miteshthacker.com, shares his views on the market as well as some stocks. Excerpts:
ET Now: What is the Nifty move telling you because the market does not seem in any mood to go down?
Mitesh Thacker: We are showing some kind of resilience after having rallied for about two-three days in the early part of the week. The midcap index has also given a buy signal. So, I do expect the market breadth to perform well in the next few days. We might see some kind of consolidation on the index. So, 8,000 to 8,150 looks like the initial range. Once we start going beyond 8,150, then in the later part of September we might head towards 8,250 to about 8,300.
ET Now: The telecom pack has started moving this week. What is the sense that you are getting about counters like Bharti? Do you see a significant upside in the near term?
Mitesh Thacker: I assume it has triggered a good up move, and has managed to make a fresh swing high. It has met the short-term targets of around 405, but with the breakout above 385-390, the medium-term trend has shifted towards upside. So another 10% kind of rally from the current levels looks very likely. I would mark it down for targets of around 440 towards the end of the month. I am not really upbeat about any other telecom stock despite the fact that the sector was buzzing, Idea has met one target of around 175 and it might consolidate. A similar case can be made out for Tata Communications, while RComm is clearly bearish.
ET Now: If I have to nail it down to the star auto stock for the week, has it to be TVS Motors?
Mitesh Thacker: A very strong price action took place in TVS Motors. Very clearly this stock did a good consolidation in the month of July and then we saw an uptrend or breakout happening towards the later part of August. Since then the stock has done well, but in the short term the stock has run its course. It hit a target of around 240 and is extremely overbought. Wait for some kind of consolidation or pullback to happen. The ideal levels would be around 200 before you want to initiate a fresh trade.
ET Now: From the agri space or from the midcap agriculture space, has UPL been a show stopper?
Mitesh Thacker: UPL has shown a brilliant price movement of about 19% and a fresh swing high is being made there. So, the structure is quite positive. We have had a buy call on the stock around the levels of 340-345. Ideal levels would be around 360-363 and I would suggest buying with a stop below 353. Eventually the stock is heading towards 400 plus levels.
ET Now: IT also saw a fair amount of performance, and the BSE technology index as well shot up a good 3.5%. Anything that is looking worthwhile for a trade even now?
Mitesh Thacker: I like Wipro, which has been an underperformer actually, but is now trying to play a catch-up. It should not only head towards the earlier highs of 600, where the stock peaked out sometime in February, but should get beyond those levels and then possibly head towards 650 or so. The stock pattern and the chart structure are quite positive and quite constructive.
  The other one which I like is from the midcap pack. Hexaware had a very strong price and volume action on Friday, a good breakout above the 165-166 levels and the closing was around 170. The highest level the stock has achieved is about 175. So once those levels are crossed, we can look at the stock heading further by about 10% or so. I have a rough target of around 190 over here.
ET Now: What about your stock calls for the Monday morning?
Mitesh Thacker: I have a buy call on Crompton, having a weekly closing above 214-215. That is a buy in the range of 218 to about 215. Keep a stop below 209 and look for targets of 235. I have got a buy call on National Aluminium in the range of 64 to about 62. I would suggest a stop below 59.80 or just below 60 and a target of around 70.
FEATURED ARTICLES

California blue whales  once nearly extinct  make a comebackLOS ANGELES, September 6, 2014
Updated: September 6, 2014 10:52 IST
California blue whales, once nearly extinct, make a comeback
Reuters
Reuters Despite the comeback, the whales - which as adults can reach nearly 100 feet (30 meters) in length and weigh 190 tons (172 tonnes), twice as much as the largest known dinosaur - are still being struck by ships.
TOPICS
wildlife
California blue whales, the largest animals on Earth once driven to near extinction by whaling, have made a remarkable comeback to near historic, 19th-century levels, according to a University of Washington study released on Friday.
The recovery makes California blue whales - which study authors, say now number about 2,200, or 97 percent of historical levels - the only population of blue whales known to have recovered from whaling.
"The recovery of California blue whales from whaling demonstrates the ability of blue whale populations to rebuild under careful management and conservation measures," said Cole Monnahan, a University of Washington doctoral student and lead author of the study.
Despite the comeback, the whales - which as adults can reach nearly 100 feet (30 meters) in length and weigh 190 tons (172 tonnes), twice as much as the largest known dinosaur - are still being struck by ships off the California coast at numbers above allowable U.S. limits, according to the study's authors
Conservation groups say at least 11 blue whales are struck each year along the U.S. West Coast, nearly four times the "potential biological removal" level of 3.1 permitted under the U.S. Marine Mammal Protection Act.
"Even accepting our results that the current level of ship strikes is not going to cause overall population declines, there is still going to be ongoing concern that we don't want these whales killed by ships," University of Washington assistant professor of aquatic and fishery sciences Tim Branch said.
According to the University of Washington paper and a separate paper published earlier this year, some 3,400 blue whales were caught between 1905 and 1971, a number determined in part by examining once-secret Russian whaling archives.
The study's authors say that the population of California blue whales is now growing more slowly, partly due to ship strikes and also because numbers are reaching the habitat limit.
"Our findings aren't meant to deprive California blue whales of protections that they need going forward," Monnahan said.
"California blue whales are recovering because we took actions to stop catches and start monitoring. If we hadn't, the population might have been pushed to near extinction - an unfortunate fate suffered by other blue whale populations," he said. "It's a conservation success story."

Will Apple s iWatch recreate the same magic as its first iPhoneUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Berlin: Know what a "Wearable" is? Most top tech executives would struggle to define it. Now they're hoping that Apple will do it for them.
Next week, Apple Inc is expected to stride into the market for wearable accessories that link wirelessly up to phones and create a template for other firms that have struggled to create products consumers would want to be seen in.
Rival electronics makers have been marketing hundreds of wearable products over the past year, but have little to show for it in sales despite huge hype for accessories seen as a critical boost to the vast but increasingly saturated market for mobile phones.
Apple's upcoming iWatch is likely to come in two versions, but may not actually ship until next year.
Executives at Europe's big consumer electronics trade fair this week in Berlin readily admit to hoping that Apple can crack the missing code for everyone. Where the US innovator leads, its rivals plan to follow by bringing their own improvements or by seeking out profitable niche markets that Apple ignores.
"If Apple offers its own product, it will expand the market," Sung-jin Lee, Director of LG Electronics Inc's watch product planning team, said in an interview.
"This is what we wanted," Sunny Lee, CEO of Samsung Electronics' European business told Reuters when asked about Apple's likely debut.
Media reports have pinpointed 9 September as the date Apple will introduce its long-rumoured smartwatch - a wrist device that typically connects to a nearby phone. Expectations are high for the iWatch, which could be the tech giant's first brand new product after a four-year dry spell during which it faced pressure to create another groundbreaking consumer gadget.
So far Samsung dominates the smartwatch market, with 74 per cent, but numbers remain small. Compared to the 1.3 billion mobile phones expected to be sold industry wide this year, just 1 million smartwatches shipped in the second quarter of 2014, according to market research firm Strategy Analytics estimates.
But will you wear it?
Those kind of volumes suggest the industry remains in wait-and-see mode, despite devoting huge marketing energy to wearable devices that has garnered an amount of press attention disproportionate to the number of products on the shelves.
"Ultimately, what all these companies have been doing is just public prototyping," or testing the market, said mobile analyst Ben Wood of market research firm CCS Insight.
So far tech companies have struggled to impress consumers in part because younger generations who rarely wear watches but glance at their phones instead don't see the point of a wrist-worn accessory unless it can do something a phone can't.
Apple's arrival promises to bring fashion sense and sleek design to a market that so far has emphasised the technology inside their products rather than its outward usability or aesthetics, Wood noted.
"We are in the Stone Age of wearables right now," said Wood - a self-confessed wearables geek who has 15 such devices strewn on the floor of his office.
While "wearables" is a flexible term that covers health and fitness wrist bands, ear pieces, and even smart glasses or goggles, research firm CCS Insight predicts 87 per cent of the market will be wrist-worn devices by 2018.
It forecasts the number of wearable devices to ship will reach 135 million in 2018, up from just under 10 million in 2013. That forecast is partly based on anticipation that Apple will enter the market and on hit products eventually emerging.
Gold rush
So far market-leader Samsung has launched five watch models including one which can make and receive phone calls without linking to a nearby phone. Its closest competitors, according to Strategy Analytics' data, are Pebble Technology Corp, which holds 13 percent of the market with its square-faced black phones offering links to Web apps, and Sony Corp., which has 8 per cent and recently launched a new smartwatch model that look like a computer clock.
In a bid to muscle in, LG announced this week in Berlin a range of smartwatches inspired by the design of classic Swiss watches. Unlike many rival black and boxy devices on the market, one doesn't spot the electronics inside at first glance.
"It is not a gold rush yet, but it has the potential to be," said Lee, the LG watch executive, of the wearables market.
Chinese network and phone equipment maker Huawei has so far dabbled in wearables but believes that as long as the devices are sold as accessories to phones, rather than by shrinking phone functions to fit inside, the category won't take off.
"A wearable should be a stand-alone product - and that may take a while," Shao Yang, Huawei's vice president of consumer marketing, said in an interview in Berlin.
Traditional watch makers may also benefit if tech firms find the right mix of fashion and function.
In a recent interview, Swatch Group CEO Nick Hayek said smartwatches might convince younger generations to start wearing something on their wrists - making them Swatch targets at a later stage.
The Wall Street Journal and other media report that Apple's device is likely to come in two versions and simplify the process of making mobile payments, but may not actually ship until next year.
Industry executives expect it to eventually also sport an array of sensors to enable health and fitness monitoring.

Federer Pulls Off Epic Comeback WinRoger Federer Pulls Off Comeback Win After Saving Two Match Points
 | By                                                                HOWARD FENDRICH
reddit
NEW YORK (AP) — This is what ran through Roger Federer's mind as he stood one point from losing to Gael Monfils in the U.S. Open quarterfinals:
"You got the back against the wall and hope to get a bit lucky. And you hope to play exactly the right shots that you need," Federer explained. "Or that he completely just messes it up. Either way works, as long as you get out of it."
Federer got out of it. Twice.
Steady as ever, even at 33, Federer saved two match points en route to coming all the way back from a two-set deficit, edging the 20th-seeded Monfils 4-6, 3-6, 6-4, 7-5, 6-2 on Thursday night to reach the semifinals at Flushing Meadows for the first time since 2011.
Frustrated by the Frenchman's unpredictable style, flummoxed by the swirling wind, and missing shots he normally makes, Federer was on the verge of defeat while trailing 5-4 in the fourth set.
The 17-time major champion's mind was racing.
"That is a very frustrating moment to be in. Being down match point, it's just not fun, because you're so close to leaving the court, head hanging down and ... going to take a shower and going to have to do press and all that stuff, which is so annoying after you've lost," Federer said.
"It's hard to block it out, (but) you snap right back in, because you don't have that much time," he continued. "You're like, 'OK, let me try and hit a good serve. Let's hope it works, because I don't want to hit a second serve.' All that kind of stuff. ... I have to face it and embrace it."
That he did.
With Federer serving at 15-40, Monfils had an opening for a backhand passing shot, but it flew long. At 30-40, Federer produced a forehand winner, and the crowd roared. Two points later, it was 5-all, and then Monfils double-faulted twice in a row to get broken.
Everything had changed, putting Federer on course to winning for the ninth time after dropping the opening two sets of a match.
"It came quick," said Monfils, who said he felt physically and mentally drained late.
"It's a matter of five minutes," he said. "I think I was down (for) five minutes. Roger just (jumped) on me."
Afterward, Federer credited the raucous support he heard in Arthur Ashe Stadium, saying the spectators "definitely got me through the match."
"It grows your belief that you can hit better shots, you can dig out more tough balls, you can serve better. All that just helps solidify your belief," Federer said. "I must say tonight was actually quite emotional for me."
Monfils, 28, was trying to reach his second career Grand Slam semifinal. Instead, Federer advanced to his 36th, ninth at Flushing Meadows. Five of Federer's major titles came at the U.S. Open from 2004-08, but he exited in the quarterfinals in 2012, and the fourth round in 2013.
On Saturday, the second-seeded Federer will play 14th-seeded Marin Cilic of Croatia. The other semifinal will be No. 1 Novak Djokovic against No. 10 Kei Nishikori.
Cilic wasn't allowed to play in last year's U.S. Open, forced to the sideline by a four-month doping suspension that he says he didn't deserve. But Cilic reached the second Grand Slam semifinal of his career, and first since 2010, by beating sixth-seeded Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic 6-2, 6-4, 7-6 (4) Thursday.
It took Monfils 78 minutes to build a two-set lead, shaking of a twisted right ankle that left him down on the court. It helped that Federer made 26 unforced errors in that span.
And as if all he had to do was want to improve his play, Federer did. He suddenly was remarkably cleaner, with only one unforced error in the third set, and two in the fifth.
Attacking the net helped: Over the final three sets, Federer earned the point on 34 of 46 trips forward.
"I knew I could play better after the first couple of sets," Federer said. "I believed I could turn it around from the get-go when the third set started."
Monfils is nothing if not unpredictable. In an era where some men, including Federer, have two coaches, Monfils goes without any. He'll admit to tanking points, games or entire sets. He sips sodas during matches, including Thursday. He'll go for a between-the-legs shot when a mundane forehand would do.
Make no mistake, though. This was not easy. The turnaround might not have been possible for Federer a year ago, when he was dealing with a bad back and trying to figure out whether he should switch to a larger racket head.
But now Federer, however old, is approaching his skills of old. He got to the finals at his previous four tournaments — including a loss to Djokovic in Wimbledon's title match in July — the first such run by a 30-something since Ivan Lendl in 1990. One more victory, and Federer's final streak will stretch to five in a row.
___
Follow Howard Fendrich on Twitter at http://twitter.com/HowardFendrich
More:

Wilful defaulter tag a powerful weapon for creditors: RajanLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Wilful defaulter tag a powerful weapon for creditors: Rajan
"The wilful defaulter tag is a powerful weapon in the hands of creditors for resolving distressed assets. It shuts out access to credit within the Indian financial system for a borrower,"  Rajan said without naming Mallya.
Post your opinion here
 
Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan has said the wilful defaulter tag is a powerful weapon in the hands of banks for resolving bad loans. His comments come days after the state-run United Bank of India declared the industrialist Vijay Mallya as "wilful defaulter ".
"The wilful defaulter tag is a powerful weapon in the hands of creditors for resolving distressed assets. It shuts out access to credit within the Indian financial system for a borrower,"  Rajan said without naming Mallya. He was speaking at an event organised by American bank Citi at Boston. The comments come from a note circulated by the event organiser. Mallya, whose  Kingfisher Airlines owes money to several banks, had yesterday said he will challenge  UBI's decision to declare him a willful defaulter.
Mallya is the chairman of United Breweries, producer of India's best-selling beer brand Kingfisher. He is also the chairman of United Spirits, now controlled by Diageo Plc. Besides United Bank of India, Kingfisher owes about Rs 9,140 crore to about a dozen banks. Of them,  IDBI Bank is considering declaring Mallya a willful defaulter and is serving out its 15-day notice period on non-payment of dues. Kingfisher owes Rs 750 crore to IDBI Bank. 
Indian banks' gross NPAs touched 4.6 percent in June 2014, according to the rating agency Icra. Rajan said even though GNPAs and restructured assets are at 10 percent of the total assets, there are some signs of this stress easing in the last few quarters as project approvals have been fast-tracked and levels of stalled projects have started to decline.
"The sectors which have been impacted the most could see NPAs easing as growth returns," he was quoted as saying.
RELATED NEWS

Telangana CM meets PM  discusses household survey issueTelangana CM meets PM, discusses household survey issue
PTI
PTI Prime Minister Narendra Modi being greeted by Telangana CM K Chandrasekhar Rao during a meeting in New Delhi on Saturday. PTI
New Delhi, Sept 6:  
Amid reports of friction between the Centre and the Telangana Government, a delegation led by Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao today called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi and discussed the controversial household survey conducted in the State, among other issues.
The Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) Government had conducted a massive household survey across the State last month to ascertain comprehensive information on citizens, an exercise which attracted criticism from certain quarters.
The survey had created apprehension among people hailing from the Seemandhra region, who reside in Telangana that it was meant to identify Seemandhra natives.
“We have told the Prime Minister that we have done the survey and got the best out of it. We informed him (about) the benefits of the survey,” TRS Rajya Sabha MP K Keshava Rao told PTI here after the meeting.
Keshava Rao asserted that the survey was conducted only to know the true facts on the ground against the backdrop of alleged excess ration cards.
“There are 80 lakh households, but 1.2 crore ration cards. We wanted to know what is reason behind it... So, we thought that the best thing would be to get the real picture. We had no other intention,” he said.
The Chief Minister was accompanied by his party MPs.
Keshava Rao also said the delegation has urged the PM to consider a second airport for Hyderabad in the northern part of the city.
“Already, we have an airport in the southern part of Hyderabad. We have requested for another airport in the northern part of the city.”
Telangana’s special representative to Delhi, Venugopalachary, said the meeting lasted 30 minutes, during which about 20 issues ranging from power to setting up of educational institutions were discussed.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)

Declare J&K floods a national calamity: CongressPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 4:16 pm
With the flood situation turning grim in Jammu and Kashmir and the death toll mounting to 100, Congress on Saturday demanded that it be declared a national calamity.
Leader of Opposition in the Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad spoke to Prime Minister Narendra Modi on phone and demanded immediate steps so that the stranded people are shifted to safer places more efficiently and effectively.
He demanded that the floods be declared a national calamity.
The Prime Minister assured all possible help to the state in this hour of crisis after Azad, a former J&K chief minister, spoke to him from Srinagar and sought his personal attention in view of the “very grave and grim situation” prevailing in the entire state.
Azad requested the Prime Minister to immediately place funds at the disposal of the state government so that the rescue, relief and rehabilitation operations are carried out in an effective and co-ordinated manner.
While appreciating the role of the armed forces in supporting the state governments in disaster situations like this, Azad sought immediate pressing of Air Force along with the Army on the analogy of Uttarakhand disaster so that the stranded people are shifted to safer places more efficiently and effectively.
The Congress leader said “extensive and largescale damage of unprecedented proportions” has occurred to public infrastructure like roads, bridges, drinking water systems, power distribution systems and private properties like houses, shops, vehicles and livestock due to the floods.
He said the devastation has engulfed the entire state from Kathua to Leh, including Samba, Jammu, Doda, Reasi, Rajouri, Poonch, Anantnag, Shopian, Pulwama, Kulgam, Srinagar, and Baramulla.
It is beyond the capacity and resources of the state government to meet the challenges of the situation and so the flood should be declared a national calamity, he said.
National Conference and Congress are in power in the state for the last six years, where Assembly polls are due soon. The two parties will be contesting the polls separately this time.
Azad had visited the flood hit areas in Jammu and Srinagar on Friday.
The situation in the state continued to worsen today with the death toll mounting to 100 with rescuers struggled to evacuate thousands of people to safety as major rivers and streams were in spate due to incessant rains.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh held a meeting with Chief Minister Omar Abdullah to take stock of the situation soon after arriving in Srinagar this morning. He, however, could not undertake an aerial survey due to inclement weather.

I hope to kill girl-next-door image: Parineeti ChopraParineeti Chopra shares her insights about working in 'Kill Dil', on being stereotyped as the 'bindaas bubbly' girl and dating rumours.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 6, 2014 4:02 pm
Actress Parineeti Chopra feels perturbed when people refer to her as the quintessential ‘girl-next-door’ of Bollywood. She hopes that with her forthcoming films ‘Kill Dil’ and ‘Daawat-e-Ishq’, she will be able to break that stereotype.
In an interview, Parineeti has shared insights about working in ‘Kill Dil’, on being stereotyped as the ‘bindaas bubbly’ girl and dating rumours.
Q: What’s it like working with Shaad Ali in ‘Kill Dil’?
A: I think I am in awe of Shaad. When I got the offer, I was happy I was going to work with the director of ‘Saathiya’ and ‘Bunty Aur Babli’. But now that I’ve got to work closely with him, my love and respect for the person that he is, has touched the sky. He is is a joy to work with. No matter how much the stress on the sets, he’s always in a good mood. When a director is not temperamental, then the actor looks forward to going to the sets every day. For us actors in ‘Kill Dil’ – Ranveer Singh, Govinda and me, Shaad is not just a fantastic director but also a friend. When we finished shooting we partied together.
Q: Ranveer and Shaad are very close friends. So were you the outsider in the beginning?
A: Oh yes, for sure! I already shared an equation with Ranveer. I used to manage his career when I was working for Yash Raj Films. He was also my first co-star. But I didn’t know Shaad at all. But within five minutes of meeting him, the ice was broken. It’s not difficult to get along with Shaad.
Q: He’s an introvert and you’re an extrovert?
A: Shaad is not an introvert! He talks a lot. He is constantly joking and laughing.
Read: ‘Daawat-e-Ishq’ celebration of love and food: Parineeti Chopra
Q: So after Rani Mukerji are you the new ‘Babli’ in Shaad’s cinema?
A: Ha ha. I hope not. I am not at all the bindaas bubbly type in Shaad’s film. I am very different in ‘Kill Dill’ from the way I am seen in my other films. That’s what we all from the ‘Kill Dill’ team believe. So far I haven’t done anything that’s glamorous, be it ‘Shuddh Desi Romance’ or ‘Hasee Toh Phansee’, I’ve so far pretty much played the normal working class girl.
Q: I think slotting you as the girl next door belittles your versatility?
A: That’s what I feel too. Whenever I am asked this, I’ve to spend half an hour explaining why I feel I don’t need to be slotted as the girl-next-door. Like when I am asked, ‘Oh, you excel at playing the loud Punjabi girl’. The funny thing is, I’ve only played Punjabi in my first four films released continued…
Maybe some people think just playing loud characters makes me Punjabi. But if you think about it, the girl I played in 'Hasee To Phansee' was very different from the girl in 'Ishaqzaade'.

Want personal styling tips Ecomm cos to your service!You are here: Home > Collections
Myntra, Jabong line up stylists to offer personalised advice to customers via phone, email or chat
Rasul Bailay, ET Bureau Sep 6, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
chat
(Personalised consultancy…)
NEW DELHI: The 25-year-old IT executive had a problem. She was about to get ready for a friend's birthday party but she didn't know which of three dresses recently bought from Jabong would look best on her 5'1" frame. She called customer care and asked for advice. A stylist called back in two hours and told her to go with black. So that's what she did.
Another woman, also 25, was concerned that people mistook her for an 18-year-old.
"What trends and size should I be wearing to make my wardrobe look more mature?" she wrote to Myntra seeking advice. A young man wanted to know if pink was too feminine. "How can I wear a pink shirt and still look masculine?" he asked.
Afortnight after Myntra.com launched a Look Good Helpline , allowing customers to talk to a stylist for personalised advice either by phone or email, it has become a hit among young shoppers and top rivals such as Jabong have also rolled out similar services. Myntra COO Ganesh Subramanian said the initiative democratises fashion.
Raising Style Quotient of Consumers
"Why should only a Bollywood star get fashion tips? Why wouldn't somebody sitting in Ranchi or Raipur get the same information? We are saying the best of fashion information is available to everyone in the country and we will be the leveller," he said.
"People are asking all sorts of questions. Daily we get tens of such requests and people have started engaging," Subramanian said. Myntra, the country's largest online fashion retailer, is being acquired by Flipkart .
Rival Jabong.com too has added stylists on call to help consumers and plans to offer live chats with its advisors in the coming weeks.
Personalised consultancy is the latest offering from India's fashion e-commerce companies that are extensively trying to raise the style quotient of consumers and engage them in awareness lessons in a bid to attract more shoppers and increase sales.
Myntra set the ball rolling in March by offering style tips through text messages. Gurgaon-based Jabong, which has added stylists on call to help consumers, will soon bring them to live chats. "On the call, it is difficult to explain how you look and what you are wearing. On chat you can easily click and share what he or she is going to wear and the stylist will be able to help them in a better way," said Praveen Sinha, co-founder of Jabong.
Jabong has been uploading videos of models wearing its styles. It has so far uploaded about 12,000 videos and now churns out about 2,000 of them every week. Both Jabong and Myntra have lined up more than 20 stylists each in a bid to help consumers. Many of the people hired have worked with top models. Others are professionals who have worked as magazine stylists.
Other sites are also coming to the help of those looking for style tips. On Tuesday, Fashionara.com started its online and phone chat fashion tips service with about half-a-dozen style advisors. "It is not to up selling or to increase the basket sizes, it is really about giving a service the customers are looking for and adds value to their shopping experience," said Darpan Munjal, co-founder of the fashion portal.
At Limeroad.com, when a consumer picks, say, a top, the site immediately suggests trousers, belts, bags, shoes and other accessories that could go with it.
Subramanian said Myntra's research found that consumers face a lot of "anxiety" while shopping due to the confusing array of choices available online as well in brickand-mortar stores. "This is the anxiety we are trying to solve. You have a style problem, tell us. You have any concern, tell us. If you worry about their fashion we will take care of it," Subramanian said.
Consumers looking for free fashion tips just need to dial the Myntra number to get daily fashion tips or to line up an appointment to talk to astylist. Since starting the service, Myntra has signed up more than 30,000 subscribers each for its text message tips, email and calls with stylists.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Morgan Stanley sees Sensex at 33900 but conditions applyLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Morgan Stanley sees Sensex at 33900 but conditions apply
Desai expects the Sensex to rally as high as 33900, but with some conditions- the government continues to work on it fiscal consolidation path and the Fed doesn’t take an disruptive policy action.
Post your opinion here
02:30 pm
Morgan Stanley has upgraded its June 2015 target for the Sensex to 28800 after today's rally, says managing director, Ridham Desai.
However, that’s his conservative estimate. Desai expects the Sensex to rally as high as 33900, but with some conditions: if the government continues to work on it fiscal consolidation path and the Fed doesn’t take any disruptive policy action. If these two conditions are met, then Desai says, the Sensex has about 40 percent chance of seeing this level by June 2015.
A 360-degree turnaround in sentiment regarding India, apart from institutional flows has led to this market rally. And a lot of it has to be credited to the government, believes Desai.
“People abroad have faith in the potency and execution of the new govt. They are sending the right signals. The Goldilock-like scenario that is unfolding, both on the macros as well as the micros, will change for sure, but we are fairly comfortable for the next three years atleast,” says Desai.
On sectoral plays Desai prefers staying away from retail and industrials, but is confident on Indian IT companies and private banks. He sees demand in consumption basket, especially autos and food sector growing over time.
Below is the edited transcript of the interview to CNBC-TV18.
Q: 1000 points in barely 2-3 months, a 100 points in 24 hours, what do you make of the speed with which we are moving up at this point?
A: There is a global rally in equities, it is not just India. We are underestimating how much of this is global. There is a very big India story that a lot of people have a lot of faith in.
I have met a lot of investors across the world in the month of July and nobody was bearish on India. So, people have amazing faith in the potency and the execution capabilities of this new government. So far so good, it seems like they are sending the right signals out there.
Investors’ faith is rising and we have this push from the world. It seems like a Goldilocks- scenario. It will change. It is not going to go up 100 points a day forever. However, I feel fairly comfortable with a 3-4 year view. You actually want to just shut this off for the next 3 years and let your money ride this market.
Q: One disappointment that we hear when we speak to some investors is that this government’s failure to articulate major reforms. Is that something that worries you or do you think what they have done is part for the course?
A: This has come from a lot of people. It comes largely from journalists; not in India but outside India. So my rhetoric is- what are these reforms? I want to know the list because back home, it feels a little different. It feels like we are changing things which could not have been changed and which we do not believe could have been changed. Just easing our procedures, disintermediating the bureaucracy, disintermediating ministries and these are changes which are far-reaching. In my view they are big reforms.
Q: So, you are saying that state of policy reforms were already there in the books, administrative reforms oiled the systems in a nice way?
A: Yes, India has got the tailwind of demographics like no other country in the world and don’t underestimate the power of having good demographics. I can give you an example of where it doesn’t work, like the Middle East. But it can work in India because we also have democratic institution. What we need is more robust institutional framework and we need better execution.
So the work for the government over the next five years is to ensure that it leaves a trail of institutional framework which by the way is what the Prime Minister achieved as Chief Minister of Gujarat over a ten year time frame. So now Gujarat is running on its own. It doesn’t require political intervention at every step and hopefully if he can leave that behind for India we will have a very glorious two-three decades but these are hopefully not last famous words.
Q: When people look at the diesel under-recovery from the outside in, I am sure in July when you were meeting investors these are the things they are looking at, whether it is the UPA government and P Chidambaram who put it into play or Narendra Modi's government who might take it forward?
A: If you see the last two months, the government has crashed expenditure. The trailing 12 month deficit in March was running at 5 percent. By the end of July it is running at 4.2 percent.
Q: What is the quality of that?
A: It doesn’t matter. Quality means there is no postponement of expenditure. In March expenditure rolled over into April and May. So, there was a big jump up. All that has now been absorbed and in July we are running a trailing 12-month number of 4.2 percent. The 4.1 percent target that was set in the June Budget which looked very unrealistic, which drew criticism from all quarters now looks achievable. The government has not yet divested a single crore of shares. It has not collected telecom revenues, these are without those revenues. So, they have managed expenditure extremely well.
So, when you talk about diesel subsidy, obviously it is contributing to this but this government means business.
It is not only about the government, we are also in a cyclical turn. That is also something that is playing in the markets. So, you have a structural potential via the governments mandate, you have a global rally which I don’t think we should underestimate and we have a cyclical turn, so it is Goldilocks like situation. A confluence of a lot of favourable factors, some of this will change in the next few months.
Q: What is more susceptible to change, let’s assume for a minute that the structural changes in the economy will progress, at varying speeds but will progress given the nature of this government and the faith in it, will the global factors remain as conducive. This is a question we put to everyone and nobody has an answer, so they sort of find a way to evade it or they say, who knows, we will see in March-April next year or June-July next year?
A: Who knows is the right answer but let me just try and speculate what can happen. It is a unique situation where we are getting into 2015. India opened its doors to foreign investors in 1993. Since 1993 to 2014 we have been in sync with US rate cycle. So when US was raising rates we were raising rates, when they were cutting rates we were cutting rates, for example 2003-2008.
For the first time in India’s history since it opened its doors to foreign investors in 22 years we may be doing the opposite, which is America may be raising rates and we will be hitting the peak of our rate cycle. This pro-cyclical tightening brings uncertainty to our doorstep and I really don’t know how this will play out in the marketplace but it is going to be an event that we have not got any experience of. So it will bring volatility to our markets.
Q: Can we be fair and say this is not necessarily the Modi wave playing out, it may be the stock market in terms of the gains that we have seen but what we have seen happening in the economy is probably a Chidambaram and Raghuram Rajan effect given the measures that they took last year?
A: Let me not disagree with you but add a point to make it a full point which is that let us not underestimate the repair on balance sheets that has happened only because Modi is the PM. The amount of debt capital that could be raised, the amount of equity that could be raised, just the amount of capitalisation that can happen and as a consequence businesses can actually turnaround, is only happening because the sentiment is better.
Q: Some time back you said Sensex target of 26300 for June 2015?
A: No that is actually revised, it is 28800.
Q: Would you stick with that 28800 or what you spoke about the Fed, the measures that the Fed could take would that change it?
A: The way we approach this is that we have a bull, bear and base case so this is the base case. The bull case is 33900 and it is premised on the government taking more forceful action by June 2015. So I am attaching a 40 percent probability to the bull case and that is all near even probability. But it is premised on the government taking action and the Fed not disrupting things. So if the Fed remains benign and the government takes action, we will see a much bigger upside to the index.
For your viewers, do not focus on 12-month price targets. We are in the midst of a multi-year of Bull Run and there is no point in trying to trade this thing. Institutional investors struggle, they are experts, they still struggle. Retail investors not even attempt that, just play this, put your money. The best way to do it is invest savings on a monthly basis. Households in India are dramatically underinvested.

Indian origin Mathew Martoma s bid for a new trial denied by courtApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Foreign films a tough sell in America  but remakes thriveApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Gold remains lacklustre on poor buying amid overseas concernsApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Motorola launches new Moto G  Moto X  Moto 360 smartwatch on FlipKartApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Couch-potato kids became couch-potato adults: studyApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Will seek President s intervention; vow to stop BJP in Delhi: KejriwalPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 02:21 PM IST
Will seek President's intervention; vow to stop BJP in Delhi: Kejriwal
BJP is likely to be invited to form a government in Delhi with Jung sending a report to the President seeking permission to do the same
Accusing BJP of trying to form government in Delhi through 'horse trading', Arvind Kejriwal today said Aam Aadmi Party will seek the President's intervention to ensure that the saffron party does not get an invitation 'under any circumstances' from the Lt Governor.
"How will BJP form government? Naturally, BJP wants to form government through horse-trading, by buying MLAs which is totally wrong."
"They want to buy MLAs using money power, at Rs 20 crore each," he alleged.
Kejriwal also questioned the basis over which LG will reportedly invite BJP to form government in Delhi and termed it as a 'deliberate' invitation to form government 'dishonestly'.
"The LG is saying that BJP will be invited to form government. On what basis are they going to prove (majority). This is a deliberate invitation to form government dishonestly. So we are meeting the President today and will request him to intervene in the matter. BJP should not get an invitation to form government under any circumstances," he said .
BJP is likely to be invited to form a government in Delhi with Jung sending a report to the President seeking permission to call the single largest party to take a shot at power though it is well short of majority in the assembly.
In his report, Jung gave a detailed analysis of the political situation in the city and underlined the need to have an elected government for Delhi which is under President's rule since February 17 following resignation of AAP government.
AAP and Congress have come down hard on Jung for his move to invite BJP to form government and accused him of promoting 'horse-trading'.
 Advertisements

Jammu flood toll rises to 120  worst in 50 yearsIANS |  Jammu Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 11:04 AM IST
Jammu flood toll rises to 120, worst in 50 years
More than 2,000 marooned people have been rescued by the security forces in the past five days
The toll in the Jammu flood, triggered by incessant downpour for the last five days, has risen to 120 following the death of 14 people in a landslide. The Met office Saturday said the 'worst is over'.
Fourteen people died Friday in Thanamandi area of Rajouri district when a landslide buried them, officials said.
While 14 bodies have been recovered, many more are feared trapped, officials told IANS here.
More than 2,000 marooned people have been rescued by the security forces in the past five days.
 
ALSO READ:  Seven marooned soldiers rescued in Kashmir
The weather office forecast more rainfall across Jammu and Kashmir Saturday, but it also said the the overall weather condition will improve from Sunday.
"From tomorrow (Sunday) onwards, Jammu and Kashmir will have clear weather for the next one week. As the system has already started weakening, we can safely say the worst is over," Sonam Lotus, director of the Met Office, told IANS.
Security forces and the state police have rescued more than 2,000 people marooned in flood ravaged areas of Jammu, Kathua, Rajouri, Poonch, Reasi, Ramban, Samba, Doda and Kishtwar districts Friday.
Both the Chenab river and the Tawi river in Jammu region were flowing above the danger mark Saturday morning.
For the first time in the history of the state, the three bridges on Tawi river were closed for traffic after they were declared unsafe for travel, officials said.
ALSO READ:  Rajnath Singh takes stock of flood situation in J&K
Authorities rescued five people trapped in flood waters in Sidhra area of Jammu city Saturday morning.
Traffic on the Akhnoor bridge in Jammu district was also stopped Friday after the bridge was declared unsafe because of the roaring river over which it has been built.
The Mata Vaishno Devi Yatra remained suspended for the third day Saturday.
M K Bhandari, CEO of the Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine Board, told reporters that more than 25,000 pilgrims are camped in Katra town of Reasi district as landslides have blocked the mountain trek to the shrine.
The strategic Jammu-Srinagar national highway remained closed for the third consecutive day Saturday.
Authorities have now confirmed that 60 members of a marriage party were killed in Rajouri district Thursday when flash floods washed away their bus near Lam, 17 km from Noushera town.
Officials said 46 people have died due to landslides and flash floods in Poonch, Reasi, Rajouri, Doda and Udhampur districts of Jammu region during the last five days.
Also, roads from Jammu to Poonch, Doda and Kishtwar have been closed for the last three days snapping inter district road connectivity in the region.
Reports said electricity supply to Poonch, Rajouri, Doda, Kishtwar, Reasi, Ramban, Samba, Kathua and Udhampur districts has been badly affected during the last four days.
 

CSCs still remain untapped channel for insuranceM Saraswathy |  Mumbai Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 04:28 PM IST
CSCs still remain untapped channel for insurance
The Common Services Centres (CSCs) are still an untapped channel by the insurance companies. While sale and services through CSCs has been launched by the Insurance Regulatory & Development Authority (Irda), lacked of trained personnel to sell these products has been an issue. Further, insurers are yet to launch specific products for sale through this channel
Common Services Centres (CSCs) are still an untapped channel by the insurance companies. While sales and services through CSCs has been launched by the Insurance Regulatory & Development Authority (Irda), lack of trained personnel to sell these products has been an issue. Further, insurers are yet to launch specific products for sale through this channel.
The CSC set up under the National e-Governance Plan (NeGP) is envisioned to facilitate a platform for government, private and social sector organisations to integrate social and commercial goals and take the benefits of information and communication tools (ICT) to the remotest corners of the country.
To encourage insurance penetration in rural areas, Irda had issued guidelines or utilising the CSC network in India in 2013.
Based on the guidelines the licence to CSC e-Governance Services India Limited (CSC SPV) was granted on Sept 12, 2013 by Irda to work as an authorised intermediary to market specifically approved insurance products and services through the Rural Authorised Persons (Village Level Entrepreneurs or VLE) under the CSC Scheme of National e-Governance Plan.
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) had proposed that insurance companies could tie-up with common service centres (CSCs) to act as insurance brokers to sell life and general insurance policies. However, sector officials said CSCs had not yet begun to sell policies, as companies were still in talks on how to use this network.
"Insurance agents are required to undergo specific training in order to be fit to sell insurance. But the CSC channels have just begun operations on a large scale and it is difficult to get personnel who are aware of the insurance products. Hence, companies are not in a rush to tie-up," said the head of distribution of private life insurance firm.
In its regulations, Irda said for solicitation of insurance business, CSCs would have a rural authorised person (RAP), who would have to complete 20 hours of theoretical training from a recognised institution and, subsequently, undergo an examination. The RAP would assist customers in selecting policies according to their needs.
He/she would also provide detailed information about customers to the insurer and offer customer servicing services. For a CSC special purpose vehicle to become an insurance intermediary, it would have to apply for a licence from Irda. This licence would be valid for three years, after which it can be renewed for another three years.
Insurance companies have also been told to file specific products for this channel which will be approved by Irda. Company executives said that while basic general insurance products like simple health plan and simple motor third party plan can be offered, endowment and investment type products will be difficult to sell.
"While the regulator has made it clear that there will be separate products for this channel, companies are still analysing with their actuaries as to which products would work for this market," said the head of actuary at a mid-size life insurance company.
CSCs are a part of the National e-Governance Plan. The Centre plans to roll out over 100,000 CSCs across the country with a focus on rural areas. These CSCs are aimed at providing high quality and cost-effective video, voice and data content and services in the areas of e-governance, education, health, tele-medicine, entertainment and other private services.
The CSCs will offer web-enabled e-governance services in rural areas. They can offer application forms, certificates, and utility payments such as electricity, telephone and water bills.
Though insurers agree that CSCs would be able to aid in deeper penetration of rural markets, they would only be selling simple products. A senior executive of a large private general insurance company said that the insurance companies will have to devise specialised products for this channel. "Though the regulator has encouraged us to take advantage of this new distribution channel, we are going slow on this channel. We are yet to formally tie-up," said a state-owned insurance company official.
At a time when the insurance regulator has placed huge emphasis over the anti-money laundering (AML) norms, insurers are also concerned about using this channel, as CSCs would deal with cash.
"We need to be doubly sure of how the AML practices are being standardised in the CSCs, before entering into any tie-ups," said the chief financial officer of a private general insurance company.
Irda had asked insurers to develop products to be marketed exclusively through CSCs and file these products with the regulator for approval. In its guidelines on the CSC model, Irda had said these products shouldn't have a sum assured exceeding Rs 2 lakh (except motor insurance), per life or risk.
The CSC public-private partnership model envisages a three-tier structure - the CSC operator, the service centre agency (responsible for a division of 500-1,000 CSCs) and a state-government designated agency responsible for managing implementation across the state.
 Advertisements

Kejriwal hints at compromise in Gadkari defamation complaintNew Delhi, September 6, 2014
Updated: September 6, 2014 17:13 IST
Kejriwal hints at compromise in Gadkari defamation complaint
PTI
The Hindu Aam Aadmi Party leader Arvind Kejriwal has told a Delhi court that there was a possibility of compromise in a criminal defamation complaint filed against him by Union Minister Nitin Gadkari. File photo
TOPICS
national politics
The Aam Aadmi Party leader was arrested and sent to Tihar on May 21, 2014 after he had refused to furnish bail bond in the case but gave in within a week and was released.
Aam Aadmi Party leader Arvind Kejriwal on Saturday told a Delhi court that there was a possibility of compromise in a criminal defamation complaint filed against him by Union Minister Nitin Gadkari and they were in the process of finalising it.
The counsel for Mr. Kejriwal made the submissions on being asked by the court if both the politicians have arrived at any compromise in the matter.
“It is basically clash of egos. Its better if the matter gets settled,” Metropolitan Magistrate Gomati Manocha said.
To this, the counsel appearing for Mr. Kejriwal said, “There is a possibility of compromise. We are in the process.”
The court fixed the matter for further hearing on October 18, 2014 after the counsel appearing for Mr. Gadkari and Mr. Kejriwal sought adjournment on the ground that the matter was pending before the Delhi High Court, which will hear the case on October 16.
Mr. Kejriwal was arrested and sent to Tihar on May 21 after he had refused to furnish bail bond in the case but gave in within a week and was released .
Meanwhile, the court allowed Mr. Kejriwal’s plea for permanent exemption from personal appearance.
The court had earlier framed defamation charges against Mr. Kejriwal after both the parties had told it that they have not reached any settlement in the case.
Section 500 (defamation) of the IPC, being a compoundable offence, the court had advised Mr. Kejriwal to bury the hatchet and amicably settle the issue with Mr. Gadkari.
Mr. Gadkari had earlier told the court that he was ready to resolve the issue if Mr. Kejriwal withdraws his statement.
Mr. Kejriwal, however, had refused to withdraw his statement and allegations which he had levelled against Mr. Gadkari.
Mr. Kejriwal was earlier summoned as an accused by the court in the defamation complaint in which Mr. Gadkari had alleged that he was defamed by the AAP leader who had included his name in the party’s list of “India’s most corrupt”.
Mr. Gadkari had earlier told the court, “I am an honest politician and damage has been caused to my reputation by the defamatory allegation levelled against me by Kejriwal. I don’t have any personal enmity against Kejriwal.”
After the court had framed the notice, Mr. Kejriwal pleaded not guilty to the offence and had claimed trial.

Obama anti-jihadist plan  strong message of support : Iraq FM"We have repeatedly called on our international partners for help and support because this threat is a very deadly threat", said Obama. ( Source: AP )
Agence-France Presse | Baghdad | Posted: September 6, 2014 5:26 pm
US President Barack Obama’s plan for an international anti-jihadist coalition is a “strong message of support” for Baghdad and its fight against militants, Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari said on Saturday. “We welcome that, and we have repeatedly called on our international partners for help and support because this threat is a very deadly threat… not only to the people of Iraq or the region, but to Europe, to America, to NATO,” Zebari said.
“This is basically our fight… but we need the support — our capacity is limited, and we need the support to enhance our capacity,” he said.
“Nobody’s thinking of any ground troops at this stage — they are calling for air support, for tactical support, for arming the forces on the ground, like the (Kurdish) peshmerga, the Iraqi security forces, and also to provide…intelligence, reconnaissance,” he added.
Obama outlined plans at a NATO summit on Friday for a broad coalition to defeat the Islamic State (IS) jihadist group, which led an offensive that overran chunks of five Iraqi provinces in June, and also holds significant territory in neighbouring Syria. The initial militant drive swept Iraqi security forces aside, but the federal government won its first major victories of the conflict in recent days, breaking a months-long siege of one town and retaking other territory from the militants.

Movie review by Anupama Chopra: Mary Kom gives us a terrific male role modelPlay Pause
Priyanka Chopra stars as Mary Kom in the biopic on boxing champion.
Directed by Omung Kumar, Mary Kom was made with the support of the five-time World Champion boxer herself. Priyanka spent a lot of time with Mary to understand the nuances, ...
The film will have its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival.
"It’s a phenomenal journey — a lovely story that has not just inspired me as a woman, but [can influence] anyone who wants to be more than what they’re told ...
Priyanka Chopra in Mary Kom
Where Mary Kom falters is in the screenplay. Biopics by design are about the highlights of a person’s life and, here, the narrative succumbs to ticking off milestones. Omung tries to give it variety by incorporating a flashback structure, but that doesn’t add much. We go abruptly from one pivotal moment to another — it’s a dramatic story, but the first half especially is inexplicably inert. The character is fascinating and yet her story doesn’t grip you.
Thankfully, the momentum picks up in the second half, once Mary gets married and has children.
But Omung and his writer, Saiwyn Quadras, also try to highlight too many issues — women’s empowerment, the shoddy treatment of athletes by government bodies, how ignorant most Indians are about the north-east, the difficulty women have in balancing personal and professional lives and, of course, the call to patriotism that runs through the film.
In the climax, Omung opts for high-strung melodrama and we are even asked to stand as the national anthem plays. I found it annoying. The emotion that compels viewers to stand has to be earned. You can’t just tell us to do it.
Despite its flaws, though, Mary Kom is a worthy attempt. The film has sincerity and has been crafted with care. Apart from Mary herself, it gives us a terrific male role model — Onler, who encouraged Mary to return to boxing while he looked after their twin sons. Has anyone given that man a medal?

Apple Seeks Old Magic With New ProductsYou are here: Home Corporates
Apple Seeks Old Magic With New Products
Agence France Presse | Updated On: September 06, 2014 14:43 (IST)
Jack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
San Francisco: With its highly awaited product launch next week, Apple is aiming for a new 'big thing' as the iconic gadget maker finds itself under pressure over a celebrity photo theft scandal.
Apple has been customarily tight-lipped ahead of its Tuesday event at a performing arts center where late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs introduced the Macintosh computer 30 years ago.
But those who follow Apple are expecting bigger versions of the iPhone and - perhaps more significantly - an entry into wearables with an 'iWatch' at the event led by Apple chief Tim Cook.
The choice of venue has fueled talk that Apple will crash the wearable computing party with a health-themed smart-watch, in a bid to dominate the segment the same way it ruled smartphones, tablets and MP3 players with iPhones, iPads and iPods.
"This is probably the last major thing that Steve personally will give us," Creative Strategies president Tim Bajarin said.
"It is Tim Cook's design, but the genesis began with Steve's journey through health issues."
Bigger than music
Mr Bajarin says the impetus for a wearable Apple device came from Mr Jobs and his frustration with the health care system while battling the illness that took his life in late 2011.
Apple could use its services such as online data storage locker iCloud to aggregate health information and act as a mediator with the health care industry.
"You could see this being bigger for Apple than the music industry," Mr Bajarin said, referring to the company's prosperous iTunes store.
"Money spent on health care makes the money spent in the music industry look like peanuts."
Mr Cook has stated that wearable computing makes more sense on the wrist than in eyewear such as Google Glass.
Apple is fine-tuning a new mobile operating system that could allow for mobile payments and includes a health platform, which could mesh nicely with an iWatch for tracking activity, sleep, pulse and more and connecting to an iPhone or iPad.
While Apple is not the first to dive into the business of building brains into wearable devices, the company is likely to set its offering apart with a trademark blend of style and innovation.
"Apple did not introduce the MP3 player, they made it better; they didn't invent the smartphone, they made it better; they didn't invent the tablet, they made it better," Mr Bajarin said.
"They will put their design genius and back-end content networks into a wearable."
Apple is likely to unveil the iWatch form and design to entice software developers to tailor applications for hardware that won't be available for months.
"I believe it will be another historic product for Apple," Mr Bajarin said.
iPhone goes 'phablet'
Confidence is high, and timing is right, for Apple to introduce new-generation iPhone 6 models with screen sizes stretched to tap into love for 'phablets' combining features of smartphones and tablets.
"Frankly that's one of the things they need to do to improve their standing in the market," Forrester analyst Frank Gillett said of iPhones getting bigger.
"Much of the market popularity of smartphones has been driven by large screens."
Apple has seen sales growth for iPhones, but slower than its rivals like Samsung. The iPhone has a leading share in the US market of some 40 per cent, but its worldwide share of the smartphone market is less than 12 per cent, according to surveys.
Gartner analyst Van Baker predicts Apple will unveil an iPhone 6 with a screen increased to 4.7 inches, and that odds are strong for a 5.5-inch version.
New iPhones are also expected to feature near-field communication chips that will let them be used as mobile wallets, challenging services such as Square or Google Wallet.
Black eye for Apple
Apple would be asking people to trust it with health and more financial data after taking a bruising over the release of nude photos of celebrities including Oscar winner Jennifer Lawrence from its cloud.
Apple says there was no breach of its iCloud and that the celebrities had their accounts hacked by using easy-to-guess passwords, or by giving up their personal data to cybercriminals posing as Apple.
Mr Cook told the Wall Street Journal that Apple would step up its iCloud security by sending alerts when attempts are made to change passwords or access iCloud data on new devices.
Jack Gold, analyst with J Gold Associates, argues that "this will go away, unless it happens again in the near term".
"But it is certainly a black eye for Apple."
If Apple delivers on expectations Tuesday, it could regain some of the shine rubbed off by the celebrity photo hacking.
"Once the market understands what Apple is doing here, and the ultimate potential, they will realise that Apple has another blockbuster on its hands," Mr Bajarin said.
Story first published on: September 06, 2014 14:40 (IST)

PM s Teachers’ Day address: Modi has been margdarshak for many yearsChavda
NEW DELHI: "Have a nail cutter in every kindergarten; play hard, sweat more, remember playground is lap of mother earth; teeth are like policemen, they keep us safe, keep them strong and clean". These are not random suggestions found in a children's manual, but words of advice from Narendra Modi during his Teachers' Day speeches.
The idea of schools being asked to telecast his Teachers' Day address this year may have sparked much debate but people familiar with Modi' style of working say he has been donning the role of margdarshak every September 5 for many years now. On Friday, Modi will address about 1,000 students at the Manekshaw Auditorium. It will be broadcast live by all Doordarshan channels and All India Radio. The prime minister would also answer questions from some students through video-conferencing.
In 2008, as the Gujarat CM, Modi made the viewing of his Teachers' Day address mandatory in schools across the state. Since then, it has been his favourite occasion to motivate children towards nation-building and also project himself as the guiding light for teachers. Gujarat CMO officials recall that on every Teachers' Day, Modi used to give a 90-minute talk and interact with students from at 10 am at the Town Hall in Gandhinagar or Ahmedabad.
The event would be telecast live on the Gujarat channel of DD and webcast on three private sites. Public auditoriums in Gujarat were booked for telecast in certain districts and even power cut schedules were altered in villages to facilitate uninterrupted viewing. For the interactive sessions, schools were asked to send in questions in advance, and every school was asked to send an attendance report to the education department after the event.
"The dignitaries on stage were always given books, instead of bouquets, on Modi's suggestion," recalled Vatsalbhai Chavda, a teacher in Surat. This was also the day he honoured 30 best teachers in the state. Interestingly, teachers were judged by their contribution to tree planting, ras-garba, scout activities, school building, library work, sports and not the academic results of their students.
"We were told negligence in making arrangements for the viewing will not be tolerated and that surprise checks will be conducted. As the budgets for TV sets and even snacks were sanctioned from out the Swarnim Gujarat fund, schools had no excuse not to strictly follow them," Chavda recalled. In his speeches, Modi would ask teachers to use 'Google guru' and technology to make their work simpler and learn more, and to consider themselves architects of the nation.
Besides asking them to teach their students to maintain discipline and cleanliness, he would urge teachers to monitor mid-day meals to see if the children are getting enough nutrition. His instruction to children was 'love your country and respect your elders, especially teachers'. "Ask your mothers to make sukhdi (nutritious sweets) for pregnant women in your locality," he would tell them, besides asking them to volunteer in health camps.
"He would ask students to be allowed to sit in exams with their textbooks, and urged them to learn Asian languages such as Japanese and Chinese, besides mastering their mother tongue and English," Chavda said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

What The Economist could have read before suggesting that U.S. slavery wasn’t all badBy Chris Blattman September 5 Follow @cblatts
A sugar plantation on the island of Réunion in the late 1800s by Henri Georgi (Wikipedia/Public domain)
On Friday, The Economist retracted a book review that went soft on slavery. But the review of Edward Baptist’s book, “The Half Has Never Been Told” wasn’t just racially insensitive, it was soft on evidence, too.
Here’s the uncontroversial part of the review:
Mr Baptist, an historian at Cornell University, is not being especially contentious when he says that America owed much of its early growth to the foreign exchange, cheaper raw materials and expanding markets provided by a slave-produced commodity. But he overstates his case when he dismisses “the traditional explanations” for America’s success: its individualistic culture, Puritanism, the lure of open land and high wages, Yankee ingenuity and government policies.
Nothing in history (least of all the growth of the largest economy humankind has ever known) has a single explanation. Academics like to overstate their case and need to be reined in a little. Fair enough. But here’s the jawdropping finale that made The Economist apologize for the whole article:
…Slave owners surely had a vested interest in keeping their “hands” ever fitter and stronger to pick more cotton. Some of the rise in productivity could have come from better treatment. Unlike Mr Thomas, Mr Baptist has not written an objective history of slavery. Almost all the blacks in his book are victims, almost all the whites villains. This is not history; it is advocacy.
Here’s the thing: Behind the terrible last couple of sentences, there are actually some legitimate questions that historians, political scientists and economists have grappled with for a long time: How much American wealth can be traced to slavery? How profitable was forced labor? And when is violence the best way to incentivize workers (and what could stop it)? This isn’t just a historical debate. Coerced labor is happening now: with child labor, the worst sweatshops, army conscription, and the exploitation of migrant workers. So the answers matter.
Fortunately, there’s now some hard data. With the help of economic historian Suresh Naidu , I’ve pulled together a sample of useful articles.
First, when do employers use the lash, and does it work?
Violence and pain motivate the people who have really bad options, or who are really easily controlled—like children, the least educated, or illegal immigrants. You see this pattern  in child labor during British industrialization , or  even in child soldiering in Uganda . From one of us (Blattman), here’s a graph of how long someone stayed with a rebel army in Uganda based on his age of conscription. The paper argues that the people you can threaten and indoctrinate most easily (in this case, kids) stay the longest before then run away.
But adults and people with half decent outside options will tend to escape if you use violence, so slavery and serfdom work best when the overlords control the legal system or can hunt you down. You see this with  servants in 19th century Britain  or with  European feudalism and U.S. slavery . Basically, you can use the lash to increase output, but you have to make those outside options really terrible. You us an informal police state erected to hunt down fugitives, and you arm yourself against slave rebellions. All the maintain the value of your assets — the slaves.
When you make it harder for employers to use force, wages go up. You see this  in 19th century Puerto Rico  coffee growing,  or in the Emirates today . Regulations that make it easier for employees to quit or get another job, or punish employees for violence, increase worker wages. Violence is a substitute for pay increases.
It’s not unusual to see employers use a mix of rewards and coercion. For instance, in the  child soldiering paper , rewards are more likely for the people who can run away, and they’re also useful (with violence) if you’re trying to indoctrinate and brainwash.
And when you turn the entire system against them, yes, whipped people work harder. Here’s an unpublished graph one of us (Naidu) created from one U.S. plantation. It shows the correlation between the number of whippings a slave received and her productivity at cotton picking. The lash works.
So a moral of the story is that yes, rewards can be a substitute for violence, but in a coercive labor market, better pay or food is just service to the larger evil plan to enslave more people more profitably.
The record also shows that slaveowners have more than just economic incentives for abuse. In the United States, the law and rights given to slaveowners increased the scope for baser motives. Just as employers can get away with more sexual harassment or hazardous workplace practices when the job market is bad, slaveowners took full advantage of their slaves’ bodies when they wanted to, precisely because the law of the land gave them so many rights and privileges over these “assets”.
Finally, what about the long-term consequences of slavery? Does the United States owe its wealth and prestige to slavery?
On the one hand, absolutely. Take a look at New York. It’s hard to believe it would be the world’s financial capital if for hundreds of years it hadn’t trafficked in slaves coming in from Africa, or the sugar and cotton going out. The fortunes of many of the country’s largest universities, companies, and families were made on slavery — a repugnant fact, even if you think they could have made just as much money doing something else.
On the other hand, we can try to compare places that had more or less slavery in the past, and see whether one is wealthier as a result. In the long run, the answer seems to be that slavery is a drag on growth and equality. For example:

Angry Joan Rivers’ fans have taken to Yelp to trash the clinic that ‘killed her’By Caitlin Dewey September 5 Follow @caitlindewey
Comedian Joan Rivers in November 2008. (Reuters/Molly Riley)
Joan Rivers was 81, and not in pristine health, when she went into a cardiac arrest during an outpatient procedure at a Manhattan clinic last week. But regardless of the actual circumstances of her death — the New York Department of Health is conducting a routine investigation — some of the comedienne’s many fans have already decided who’s to blame.
“This is the place that killed Joan Rivers,” one reviewer wrote on Yelp. “Don’t go there unless you have a death wish.”
(Yelp)
“There” is Yorkville Endoscopy , a gastroenterology surgical center that — until Thursday! — had nary a Yelp review. But as of Friday morning, anyone Googling the clinic would see that it averages a measly three stars , not exactly the kind of score to inspire confidence when you’re going under the knife. Half the ratings — the low ones — come from outraged Rivers fans; the other half come from either actual patients of the clinic, or concerned Yelpers weighing in on its behalf.
“Yelp is for the purpose of reviewing YOUR PERSONAL EXPERIENCE, not bashing a business that has a high profile,” one woman in California complained. “Until all the facts are in, people need to stop pointing fingers and trying to ruin a business based on their emotions to a very tragic loss.”
(Yelp)
This is, incidentally, a fairly common criticism of Yelp, the massive reviews site that invites anonymous customers to rate their experiences with businesses. Yelp and its devotees claim the site empowers consumers to make educated choices about where they eat, shop and, apparently, have throat surgery. Business-owners who fare poorly on the site, of course, claim it’s an unaccountable lynch mob that ruins reputations and livelihoods at whim. (According to a 2011 study from the Harvard Business School, a one-star drop in a Yelp rating equals a five to nine percent decline in revenue.)
(Yelp)
Of course, it’s not unusual for high-profile businesses to get trolled on Yelp, and the site has worked pretty hard to prevent that kind of behavior. Of the 940 reviews left for Amy’s Baking Company — the restaurant at the center of a 2013 reality-show scandal — more than 600 are hidden on suspicion of being fake. As of this writing, about a quarter of the reviews on Yorkville Endoscopy’s page have likewise been downplayed.
That has not, however, stopped the page from devolving into a debate on the medical sense of giving anesthesiology at an outpatient center, or the ethics of bashing a business before all the facts come out.
“I’m just suggesting it would be prudent to hold off on any appointments until more information is released and verified,” one reviewer wrote. “Just common sense.”
(Yelp)
… the same sense might apply to writing Yelp reviews, too.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=lifestyle, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409938312/1409938312000/1409938312 tracking: {authors=Caitlin Dewey, blog_name=the-intersect, content_category=Lifestyle, in_url_headline=angry-joan-rivers-fans-have-taken-to-yelp-to-trash-the-clinic-that-killed-her, post_id=2852, section={section=lifestyle, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 5:31:52 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 5:31:52 PM

Pakistan Army  ISI targeting India to get rid of PM Nawaz SharifApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Gold extends losses for 7th day; down Rs 20 on sustained sellingApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Learning another language Don’t botherSeptember 5, 2014 12:09 pm
Learning another language? Don’t bother
By Simon Kuper
To achieve perfect fluency, you need to start very young – preferably as an infant
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3da3335c-330d-11e4-93c6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Long View: Wall St’s optimismSeptember 5, 2014 8:11 pm
Wall Street works up new rationale for optimism
By John Authers
Mood of serene confidence has remained intact in the US
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/24f206e8-33ae-11e4-ba62-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

‘Dear investors’ . . . letter from Jack Ma© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/54a53a50-353d-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Marc Newson joins Apple’s design teamLast updated: September 6, 2014 1:14 am
Marc Newson joins Apple’s design team
By Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9972bf9a-354c-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama pledges to ‘take fight to Isis’Last updated: September 5, 2014 1:56 pm
Obama leads coalition in fight against Isis
By Sam Jones in Newport
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2f4e5522-34e6-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Main St’s subprime lenders hit headwindsSeptember 5, 2014 8:35 am
Main St’s subprime lenders hit headwinds
By Tracy Alloway in Las Vegas
Zero-interest retailers feel pinch of overloaded credit market
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f6796f4-3445-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

At New York Fashion Week: Living in the moment means designing the right shoesNEW YORK — The spring 2015 fashion shows have begun in earnest here, and on the womenswear side of the business there has been very little that is head-snappingly remarkable – at least above the ankles.
The Peter Som fashion show. (Peter Michael Dills/Getty Images)
The sparks so far have been few. Peter Som’s floral printed swing coats and dresses in pea soup green popped off the runway. (They were joyful reminders of the splendid floral gown he created for actress Julia Bowen to wear to the Emmys.)
And Stuart Vevers’ collection for Coach, which was inspired by road-tripping through the Texas landscape, was filled with quirky shades of pink and lavender, cropped skirts and leopard-spotted jackets.
But mostly, only the shoes – a seemingly endless parade of flats and reasonable platforms that were designed for the actual purpose of walking around easily but stylishly – have offered any reassurance that the denizens of Seventh Avenue are alive and well and paying some attention to the women living and working around them.
So much of what is happening up top – with the dresses, skirts and blouses – feels precious and staid. Fussy and ultimately uncomfortable.
The designer Wes Gordon presented his collection late Friday morning to a full house. Still in his 20s, Gordon has become a designer to watch thanks to support from top retailers such as Neiman Marcus and a 2014 nomination as best up-and-coming womenswear designer by the Council of Fashion Designers of America. Gordon used his prodigious skills to craft a spring collection that, quite simply, looked old. With skirts that fell to mid-calf, blazers that seemed only fleetingly familiar with the curves of the torso, colors that were noncommittal and fabrics that looked heavy, the collection called to mind that dreaded term: career dressing. There is nothing wrong with professional style, but career dressing has the ring of something that is a costume, a self-conscious choice that has little to do with personal sensibilities but that is dictated by an unforgiving and impersonal series of corporate memos. It is dress code attire for the kinds of careers that those just beginning their professional lives do all in their power to avoid. All that was missing from the runway were nude pantyhose and color-coordinated lanyards.
The Wes Gordon show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week in New York. (Monica Schipper/Getty Images)
Gordon, who apprenticed with Oscar de la Renta and Tom Ford, has always been a bit of an old soul. From his brand’s 2009 beginning, his work exuded polish and maturity. But for spring, it lacks the energy of “now.” There is no hint at the chaos and tumult that make modern cities exciting places to live. The joy of serendipity, the enlightening tension that comes from diverse environments, the invigorating bustle of a crowd are missing from his work.
But Gordon isn’t alone in that failure. That same energy goes missing in the work of Jason Wu, as well.
The Jason Wu collection. (Lucas Jackson/Reuters)
Famous for having created both of first lady Michelle Obama’s inaugural gowns, Wu has built an admirable business on his well-executed, feminine dresses. He recently announced that he’d sold a majority stake in his business to an investment firm, thus allowing the brand to grow even bigger. He is a designer with a strong business sense. But the collection he showed Friday afternoon was built around a palette of unflattering olive green. There were trenchcoats and olive drab camouflage prints and uninspiring day dresses. Is a navy split front pencil skirt going to delight the eye of a twenty- or thirty- something woman enough that she’d be willing to spend $1,000 for it? Maybe. And God bless. But reasonable folks would surely question such a purchase.
Designers, particularly male ones, talk a lot about the women who inspire them – their muses. In his show notes, Wu pointed out that he was introducing a new handbag called the Diana, named after his perennial muse actress Diana Kruger. Surely Kruger is a lovely and kind woman. But it would probably benefit both designers and women in general, if Wu and others would cease relying on actresses and models as their muses and perhaps look for inspiration in the woman who owns their neighborhood coffee shop, or their yoga instructor or even their housekeeper – not because these women are any less attractive than a model or because they are not as wealthy as an actress, but because they live the kind of lives with which so many more women can empathize.
The tedium on the women’s runway has been especially striking given how much fun the men seem to be having. Menswear designers have played directly to the impish boy presumably hiding inside every man. For every business suit that Perry Ellis’s new creative director Michael Maccari put on the runway, there was an accompanying backpack or athletic sandals or sneakers masquerading as loafers.
The Perry Ellis fashion show. (Slaven Vlasic/Getty Images)
To be blunt, there was a lot that went wrong at Maccari’s debut, most notably the tendency to put virtually every piece of clothing and every accessory bearing the Perry Ellis label on every model – all at once. Models emerged wearing a polo shirt, a pair of trousers, an anorak, a backpack, sandals, socks, sunglasses and, undoubtedly Perry Ellis briefs. But what Maccari did get right, was the sense of informality, flexibility and quirky individuality that are so fundamental to modern dressing.
Each generation needs its own designers who speak to the moment. Young menswear designers are not trying to be the Giorgio Armani or the Calvin Klein of their era. They are attempting to create their own fashion vernacular. But womenswear designers, too many of them, are striving to be the Oscar de la Renta, Bill Blass or Charles James of their generation.
But that is not what this or the next generation of women need. Will anyone make an argument for the beauty and joy of right-this-minute?
Shoes give us hope. Yes, remember the shoes.
For while the dresses and coats and gowns remain stubbornly prissy and removed from the world of subways and hoofing it home on a hot summer evening, the shoes are meant for walking, maybe even running. They are not bland and pragmatic. Not even close. They are more exciting than heels because for so long have been a rare sight. And they are more interesting, than the standard stiletto-heeled sandals.
At Peter Som, there were chunky sandals in sparkling silver. Wes Gordon alternated high strappy sandals with point-toed flats. At Coach, the chunky leather slides were practically orthopedic but came in glorious shades of purple and orange. Everywhere there was proof that fashion can offer women ideas that not only look good, but also look as if they are meant to be lived in – energetically, enthusiastically, beautifully and comfortably. And to do so, right now.
Robin Givhan is a fashion critic and writer, covering fashion as a business, as a cultural institution and as pure pleasure.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=lifestyle, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410008838/1410008838000/1410008838 tracking: {authors=Robin Givhan, blog_name=style-blog, content_category=Lifestyle, in_url_headline=at-new-york-fashion-week-living-in-the-moment-means-designing-the-right-shoes, post_id=33110, section={section=lifestyle, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 6, 2014 1:07:18 PM close date: Sep 20, 2014 1:07:18 PM

BJP will not  buy  MLAs and yet form govt in DelhiApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Italian PM Matteo Renzi and JSW s Jindal hold steel investment talksApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Japanese PM Shinzo Abe steals a march on China with South Asia tourApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Andhra Pradesh Assembly adopts resolution on 33 pc reservation for BCsPress Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: September 6, 2014 6:58 pm
Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly on Saturday adopted a resolution requesting the Centre to provide 33.33 per cent reservation to backward classes (BCs) in the Parliament as well as the state legislatures.
Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu moved the resolution in the House on the last day of the Budget session.
Seeking “constitutional status” for backward classes, the resolution also urged the Centre to conduct a census on BCs to determine their population.
It also requested setting up of a separate ministry for the welfare of BCs and earmark 25 per cent of welfare funds for the backward classes sub-plan.
The AP government also wanted the Union Government to provide reservations in promotions for government employees belonging to backward classes.
“With strong commitment, my government will ensure welfare of backward classes in Andhra Pradesh,” the Chief Minister announced, moving the resolution in the Assembly.
BCs have been the backbone of the Telugu Desam Party, he said adding that the state government would revive the “Aadarana” schemes for the welfare of BC artisans.
The House adopted the resolution unanimously but Leader of Opposition Y S Jaganmohan Reddy sought to speak on the issue after the resolution was passed.
Since Jagan’s name was not in the list of speakers given by the YSR Congress on the subject, other members of his party spoke.
Legislative Affairs Minister Yanamala Ramakrishnudu said it was against the rules to speak on a subject after a resolution was passed by the House.
Jagan’s remarks that the ruling party members should question their conscience if they had “humanity” and that they were “not humans” evoked a strong counter-attack by the TDP.
“The Opposition leader should immediately withdraw his remarks,” the Legislative Affairs Minister demanded and alleged the former was acting in an “undemocratic and unconstitutional” manner.
“He is behaving without knowing even the basics of the legislature’s functioning. We recently organised a training programme for new legislators to educate them on the rules and procedures of the House, but Jagan did not attend,” Yanamala pointed out.
Speaker Kodela Sivaprasada Rao said ample opportunity was given to the opposition members to express their views on various issues.
“Every opportunity was given even to the Leader of Opposition whenever he sought time (to speak),” the Speaker said.
After this din, the House passed the Appropriation Bill (Budget) for the October-March period of the 2014-15 financial year with a total outlay of Rs 1.11 lakh crore.
The House was then adjourned sine die after conducting business for 15 days for the Budget session.

Sikh man gunned down in PakistanPress Trust of India | Peshawar | Posted: September 6, 2014 6:39 pm
A 28-year-old Sikh man was shot dead by unknown gunmen in the northwestern Pakistani city of Peshawar, the second member from the minority community to be killed in the country in past two days.
Harjeet Singh, who owns a grocery shop, was attacked by motorcycle-borne gunmen outside his shop in the congested Nothia Bazaar.
The man died on the spot and his attackers, who have not yet been identified, managed to flee the area, Dawn online reported.
Riaz Ali Shah, SHO at Gulberg Police Station, said the trader was a resident of Dabgari.
Police is investigating the circumstances around the incident and motive of the attackers.
On Thursday, another Sikh man was stabbed to death by unidentified attackers in northwestern Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province.
On August 6, members of Peshawar’s Sikh community had come under attack with one killed and two injured in a firing incident.
Last month’s attack had led to protests by members of the community who have demanded protection from the government.
Minorities in Muslim-majority Pakistan make up some two per cent of the country’s population of 180 million.
Pakistan has witnessed violence against religious minorities in recent days as Al-Qaeda and Taliban-led militants regularly target Christian, Sikhs, Hindus, Ahmadi and Shiite communities in the country.

Online school  ischooledx  launchedYou are here: Home > Collections > Platform
Online school 'ischooledx' launched
PTI Sep 6, 2014, 06.38PM IST
Tags:
ischooledx
(Voice over tutor facility,…)
KOCHI: Aiming to help students do well in studies and hone their innovative skills, a free online school 'ischooledx' has been launched that will provide a platform for students to overcome shortcomings of their traditional schooling.
In today's world of cut-throat competition, sometimes nurturing creative and innovative talent of students in school becomes difficult. ischooledx has been launched with an endeavour to bridge this gap, ischooledx Chief Executive Officer Jose Paul told reporters here.
Students following ICSE, CBSE and state Boards will be benefited, he said.
Voice over tutor facility, worksheet assessment, iclassroom, knowledge zone are among the facilities available at ischooledx.
Paul said, "We provide a diligent team of experts to help students and give an opportunity for each student to realise his or her efficiencies and abilities in science, technology and innovative concepts and help the students to break the shell and reach out sky with flying colours."
G-form is the promoter and management of ischooledx, based on the long period of research in nurturing students talent, different types of teaching methodologies effects of teacher student ratio, difference in standards of learning, g-form developed this platform, he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Waiting for a job  differently-abled athlete thinks suicide is a way outsocial services
Anxiety grips Indira Gaikwad as she hobbles on her crutches in her matchbox-sized home tucked away amid the rundown tenements in the city’s Rasta Peth area.
A former State-level disabled sports champion, Indira, at 43, is fast approaching the deadline of 45 years for differently-abled sportspersons aspiring for a government job.
Crushed by the financial burden of looking after her 75-year-old ailing mother and the forgotten promises of State officials have pushed her into selling her painstakingly earned medals as scrap — an act she considers nothing less than sacrilegious.
“There is no other recourse as my mother’s medical bills have amounted to more than Rs.500 last month. The doctor, while sympathetic, is not inclined to discount,” she remarks.
“The government provides jobs to normal sportsmen. Why cannot it give me, a differently-abled woman, a small position? And I’m not even asking for the Class 1 and Class 2 posts,” she states while displaying her 35-odd medals and awards, bagged over the last two decades.
Struck by polio when she was 11 months old, Ms Gaikwad began actively participating in sports for the differently-abled in 1990, training by herself in the city’s Nehru Stadium.
“My father, who worked in the Raja Bahadur mills, was claimed by cancer. Since then, I’ve been fending for myself and my mother,” says Ms Gaikwad, who bagged the Shiv Chhatrapati award in 1994 in the differently-abled category — Maharashtra’s highest and most prestigious sports honour.
She has represented the State and the country in powerlifting, cycle-racing, shotput, discus and javelin-throwing, winning eight gold medals at various events in the process.
In December 2013, following local television reports highlighting her condition, Minister for Sports & Youth Welfare Padmakar Valvi was forced to dole out hasty assurances.
A cheque of Rs. 1 lakh was made out for “aiding in her sports activities”, namely diet and training.
“I am not interested in a one-time payment and accordingly told Mr. Valvi that I want a job. He urged me to accept it and promised me a job. So far, he has only been promising,” she says.
Ms Gaikwad and her mother, Shonubai, live on a combined income Rs.800 a month from the Sanjay Gandhi Niradhar Anudan Yojana. To make ends meet, she worked as a supervisor in textile factories, chocolate companies, only to be turned out on account of her disability.
“I had taken up stitching recently. But I eventually sold the sewing machine. Maybe suicide is a way out,” she says.
“A cricketer who merely manages to wriggle into a berth in the T20 matches earns in lakhs without scoring anything. The gulf between them and a humble though no-less-talented player like Indira is almost obscene” says Shyam Akolkar, a bank officer, who has been coaching Ms. Gaikwad free of cost since 2004.

Pakistans perennial crisisUpdated: September 6, 2014 01:18 IST
Pakistan’s perennial crisis
conflict (general)
The Pakistani military does not realise that its meddling makes Pakistan more unstable, not less, as does its insistence on a narrow definition of the national interest, which civilians are not allowed to alter
Pakistan’s current political turmoil should be seen as the symptom of a deeper malaise. Although most political parties represented in Parliament have rallied to the side of preserving the country’s fragile democratic system, there are still powerful forces that oppose democracy. And the unwillingness of Pakistan’s powerful military to disengage from politics even when it is not ready to assume power in a coup will continue to be a disruptive factor for some time to come.
In any other democracy, protests against the alleged rigging of polls 15 months after the counting of votes would have been pooh-poohed. But Imran Khan was still able to turn his star power into a crowd of a few thousand protesters, arguing that the Parliament to which he was elected did not have an honest mandate. The Canada-based cleric , Tahir-ul-Qadri was also able to return from his exile for a second time in two years to demand the resignation of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif along with a call for a people’s revolution.
Elsewhere, protesters would make their point and go home while their leaders built up support to challenge the government at the next election. But here they camped outside Parliament for several days while the leaders garnered live television coverage from air-conditioned shipping containers. When the leaders incited violence, the Army offered to protect state buildings but neither soldiers nor the police were willing to forcibly end the sit-in.
The Punjab police, which takes orders from Mr. Sharif’s brother, Shehbaz, who is Chief Minister of the province, had botched an earlier attempt to deal with Qadri’s cult-like followers in Lahore; 19 people were killed in that incident. This time, the government wanted to keep the body count down.
A few dozen deaths during anti-election rigging protests in 1977 had been used by General Zia-ul-Haq as justification for the imposition of martial law. Gen. Zia had subsequently executed the Prime Minister he deposed and went on to rule for 11 years. Mr. Sharif clearly wanted to avoid that fate by allowing Mr. Khan and Qadri to paralyse life in Islamabad without using force and creating martyrs. Mr. Khan and Qadri are hoping to bypass the waiting time until the next elections even as they tap into disenchantment in Punjab’s urban middle class. In doing so, they are emulating Nawaz Sharif himself, who became Prime Minister by not allowing Benazir Bhutto to complete her first term after the 1988 elections. Then, the Pakistani constitution — as amended by Gen. Zia — allowed the President to dissolve Parliament and dismiss the Prime Minister on grounds of corruption or incompetence. Now, the Constitution has been restored to its original form and has no such provision.
History of military intervention
Given that Mr. Sharif was elected only 15 months ago and still has three-and-a-half years left in his term, how did Mr. Khan and Qadri expect to oust him with protests involving only a few thousand hardcore supporters? Using a cricket metaphor, Imran Khan hinted that he expected Mr. Sharif to be forced out by “the third umpire” — a clear reference to the military.
Pakistan has a long history of direct and indirect military intervention in politics, usually after a round of street violence or a political stalemate. In 1969, General Yahya Khan replaced Pakistan’s first coup-maker, Field Marshal Ayub Khan after five months of protests. At the time, veteran commentator Herbert Feldman summed up the Pakistan military doctrine in relation to domestic politics: “Whenever it was felt in General Headquarters that things were not going according to the taste and opinion of senior officer, the armed forces (in effect the army alone) would move in or contrive to do so.”
The Army overthrew civilian governments in 1977 and 1999 after disturbances. Between 1988 and 1999, generals, with support from politicians, were able to successively oust civilian governments by presidential fiat. That then is Pakistan’s deeper malaise, the belief that the road to power in Islamabad runs through or should run through Army headquarters.
Admittedly, some things have changed in Pakistan. The major political parties are no longer willing to align with the military to topple their rivals and the country’s boisterous media does not allow the kind of secret manoeuvres that were the hallmark of palace coups and military takeovers of the past. Moreover, the Army now insists that it has no political agenda. But the generals continue to cast a long shadow.
Imran Khan’s close associate and president of his party, Javed Hashmi, has now gone public with accusations that Mr. Khan told his colleagues that he was being backed by senior Army officers.
Some suspect that the recent protests were timed to coincide with the pending retirement of five top generals, including the head of the ubiquitous Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), Lt. General Zahir-ul-Islam.
Previous civilian governments, too, have faced engineered crises just as they were about to replace chiefs of the ISI. But there can never be anything other than circumstantial evidence of a link between street protests led by politicians and the desire of certain men in uniform for longer service tenures.
National discourse
The result of the recent destabilisation is that Mr. Sharif’s proclaimed agenda of economic reform and peace with India appears wounded, if not dead. The optimism about civilian ascendancy, generated by the first transfer of power in Pakistan’s history from one civilian government to another, last year, is also dissipating.
But Pakistan cannot forever remain in crisis mode if it is to make progress as a modern nation. The military’s policy tripod that includes emphasis on Islam as a national unifier, hostility towards India as the principal foreign policy objective and an alliance with the United States that helps defray the costs of Pakistan’s massive military expenditures cannot endure with its debilitating effects.
Pakistan’s disproportionate focus on ideology, military capability and external alliances continues to weaken Pakistan internally. Pakistan’s GDP stands at $222 billion in absolute terms and $547 billion in purchasing price parity — the smallest economy of any country that has so far tested nuclear weapons. Disruptions, such as the recent stand-off, are unlikely to enable consistent economic growth.
But macroeconomic issues and problems such as Pakistan’s low literacy and poor quality of education barely get any mention in Pakistan’s national discourse. The oversimplified Pakistani middle class narrative focusses on Kashmir and India and on opposing the corruption of elected civilian leaders. The world sees Pakistan as an incubator for terrorism but Pakistanis are lost in debates unrelated to this existential threat.
Mr. Sharif’s latest troubles, too, are linked to his attempt to change the focus of Pakistan by taking over foreign and national security policies from the military. He spoke of normal trade relations with India, without insisting on resolving the Kashmir dispute first, and argued that Pakistan’s interests are better served by staying out of Afghanistan’s internal matters.
His governance is poor and his tendency to fly solo diminishes his ability to fulfil his grand promises. He needs to recognise that winning an election does not mean that elected leaders can govern arbitrarily and only with the aid of family members. Mr. Sharif’s weaknesses, however, do not justify abuse for being pro-American and pro-Indian heaped on him by Imran Khan and his over-exuberant supporters in the Pakistani media. If he is ousted by an orchestrated crowd, a similar fate will await his elected successors.
The Pakistani military does not realise that its overt or covert meddling makes Pakistan more unstable , not less, as does its insistence on a narrow definition of Pakistan’s national interest, which civilians are not allowed to alter. That, and the inability of the country’s politicians to be patient with one another, keep the country in its permanent state of crisis.
(Husain Haqqani, director for South and Central Asia at the Hudson Institute, was Pakistan’s Ambassador to the United States from 2008 to 2011. His most recent book was Magnificent Delusions: Pakistan, the United States and an Epic History of Misunderstanding.)

SpiceJet announces tickets for Rs 599  Rs 1999 till September 10Urgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: SpiceJet on Saturday launched two new slabs of competitive basic airfare rates, as other Indian carriers extended dates for booking low cost tickets over the past few days. The low one-way base fare tickets of the no-frill carrier can be bought till September ten, costing Rs 599 for travel between January 16-October 24 next year and Rs 1,999 for travel between October seven this year and January 15, 2015.
For the Rs 599 offer, taxes and other fees and charges, barring fuel surcharge, would be additional, but the Rs 1,999 offer is all-inclusive. "SpiceJet has been one of the main drivers of demand stimulation and market growth this year... This demand stimulation has been a win-win, with airlines earning more revenues, with travellers getting fantastic deals, and with the travel industry and economy at large getting a boost," airline's CEO Sanjiv Kapoor said.
The move of the no-frill carrier, which has been making such offers since January, comes in the wake of several foreign and Indian carriers vying with each other to attract Indian flyers by offering discounted tickets. Air India, Jet Airways, IndiGo and GoAir have all come out with special offers in the recent past, with new airlines like Air Costa and AirAsia India also jumping on the bandwagon.
For the Rs 599 offer, taxes and other fees and charges, barring fuel surcharge, would be additional, but the Rs 1,999 offer is all-inclusive.

Andhra Pradesh Assembly adopts resolution on 33 pct reservation for BCsApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

India committed to bring back growth: Sushma...Bahrain
(Presence of nearly 350,000…)
MANAMA: India is firmly committed to bring back growth and have clear policies, which will facilitate business environment, transparency and speed, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said today.
"The result is there before you in just 100 days: GDP growth is showing early signs of recovery. Indian economy has bounced back to record a growth rate of 5.7 per cent for the April-June quarter, highest in the past two-and-half years," Swaraj, who is on a two-day visit to oil-rich Bahrain, said.
"Interest in the economy has surged, queries for investment increased and the investment sentiment improved," she said, while addressing the "Diaspora Engagement Meet".
"Our Government is firmly committed to bring back growth, have clear policies which will facilitate business environment, transparency and speed, well thought out decisions," she said.
Swaraj said the focus of the government is growth with eye on manufacturing, infrastructure and trade.
"In a major boost for the infrastructure and real estate sector, the government is proposing tax incentives for two new investment instruments -- Infrastructure Investment Trusts (InvITs) and Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) - to promote long term investments from foreign and domestic investors, including the NRIs," she said and asked overseas Indians to take part the growth agenda.
Expressing the Indian government's gratitude to Bahrain for receiving and hosting so many Indians, she said, "India and Bahrain enjoy excellent bilateral relations. There is a large degree of convergence between Bahrain and India on a range of international issues," she said.
She said it was her first visit to the country after taking over office which was "an indication of the tremendous importance India attaches to Bahrain and to the region at large."
Presence of nearly 350,000 Indian nationals out of a total of 1.2 million residents in Bahrain is one of the key aspects of our bilateral relations with Bahrain, she said.
Lauding the Indians diaspora here, Swaraj said, "Your achievements overseas truly make India stronger and more confident about her potential."
"Today there is hardly any established Bahraini business organisation that does not have a senior or middle level Indian employee playing an important role in its operations," she said.
"India is one of the pioneers in recognising the importance of connecting with its overseas Indian population and was first off the block to establish an institutional framework for a sustainable and mutually beneficial engagement with its Diaspora. We believe that the overseas Indians are our brand ambassadors of India," she said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Boat carrying soldiers capsizes in J&K  seven rescuedUpdated: September 6, 2014 19:11 IST
Boat carrying soldiers capsizes in J&K, seven rescued
PTI
Tweet
PTI In this September 4, 2014 photo, policemen shift flood-affected people to safer places in Pulwama district of Jammu and Kashmir. Seven Army personnel trapped in strong water currents of the Jhelum in the district were rescued on Saturday as their boat capsized during rescue operations.
An ambulance submerged by flood water in Srinagar. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
SLIDESHOW
flood
Seven of the nine Army personnel trapped in strong water currents of Jhelum River in flood-affected Pulwama district were rescued on Saturday, while two others are still trapped in flood waters, an Army official said.
“Seven of the trapped personnel were rescued and evacuated to safety, while efforts are on to save the lives of two other soldiers,” the official said.
A boat carrying a team of Army personnel, who were on relief and rescue operation in Pamopore area of Pulwama district, capsized and the personnel were trapped in strong water currents in Jhelum River, the official said.
While 11 personnel managed to come back to safety, nine personnel got trapped, following which two helicopters were pressed into service to airlift the trapped personnel.
However, due to technical difficulties the choppers could not reach the trapped soldiers after which the rescue teams used boats to evacuate the seven soldiers, the official said.
The flood situation in Kashmir was as worse as the Uttarakhand floods last year and Army has mobilised 60 columns for relief and rescue work across the valley, he said.
“Despite facing danger to personal safety, the Army personnel are out there to provide relief to the civilian population of Kashmir,” he said.
More than 5,000 persons have been rescued and evacuated to safety.
“We have set up temporary camps at several places for the displaced persons,” he added.

The writer as translatorUpdated: September 6, 2014 17:03 IST
The writer as translator
The Hindu U.R. Ananthamurthy. Photo: K. Gopinathan
TOPICS
authors and poets
U.R. Ananthamurthy was responsible for bringing world poetry into Kannada literature.
U.R. Ananthamurthy often said that he plunged into an intense reading of other poets when he felt that his writings failed to fully capture his own self and the world around him. This sometimes led him to translating the poets into Kannada. At their best, these translations at once provided him a fresh way of seeing the world and took him closer to his inner being.
That was how he brought poems of W.B. Yeats, Bertolt Brecht, Rainer Maria Rilke, Edwin Muir or the teachings of Lao Tzu to Kannada.
The Jnanpith Award winner was renowned as the author of novels like Samskara and Bharatipura, now canonised classics. He commanded attention as a candid public intellectual whose views on politics and society won him a legion of both admirers and enemies. But Ananthamurthy also left behind a small but interesting lot of poems and a fairly large body of poetry translations.
“Brecht feels like our own man. His works carry the political complexity of our times,” he had said in an interview in 2010. “He does not write in order to write beautifully.” Those were times when Ananthamurthy was growing increasingly anxious about the rise of the politics of the right in India. What endeared Brecht to him was also that the German poet was not one to give up hope in the darkest of times. Complete pessimism, said Ananthamurthy, is also self-indulgence.  
His love for Rilke, on the other hand, was linked to his metaphysical interest in the tension between dvaita and advaita. “Brecht reflects my political interest and Rilke reflects my metaphysical interest. One does not take away from the other,” he said.
Interestingly, his fascination for Yeats occupied both these realms. In his introduction to the poems of Yeats, he called him a poet “who wove together the voice of the community and the sceptical whisper of the soul.” He provided an erudite analysis of Yeats’ Easter, 1916 to illustrate how the poem perfectly marries these two aspects.
Ananthamurthy’s translations are — to borrow a phrase from the late A.K. Ramanujan who translated Samskara into English — “self-contained, faithful yet readable.” Ananthamurthy said that a translation should “become the other language, but not too much of the other language.” 
This was a difficult and intense negotiation in which he invested deeply, often leading to fascinating literary debates with other writers and critics. For instance, Ananthamurthy and critic O.L. Nagabhushanaswamy had long and fruitful exchanges on the translation of Rilke’s three-line epitaph, leading to several versions. Ananthamurthy’s guiding principle on the essential quality a good translator is that he/she should have great love and respect for the original poem, and a matching faith in what the magic of words in his/her own language can achieve.
Being a poet himself, there were times when the translations seemed to reflect more of Ananthamurthy than Rilke or Brecht. “For instance, I had made Rilke’s I Find You Lord in All Things in All so much my own that I had forgotten it was originally not my poem!” he said.
After translating Brecht, Ananthamurthy was trying his hand at translating some of the Romantic poets in 2010. “I want to translate William Blake, but it’s scary because I love him so much!” he said. “The simplest poems are the most difficult to translate” and went on to describe how despite attempting many versions of Wordsworth’s phrase “the little unremembered acts of kindness and love” none satisfied him.
Ananthamurthy believed that bringing another language and its experiences into our fold is an important exercise in giving power and mobility to our own language. While English travelled piggyback on imperialism to not only spread itself but also to bring new worlds of experience within its reach, translation is the only vehicle for regional languages like Kannada. Modern Kannada renaissance was, for instance, inspired greatly by the translations of Galaganath, B. Venkatacharya and B.M. Srikantiah.
The fact that this has largely been a one-way journey — since far fewer Kannada writers, including the greatest, have been translated into English — did not particularly bother Ananthamurthy. “That is probably the arrogance of a Bhasha writer!” he said.

Once again a gentlemanUpdated: September 6, 2014 18:38 IST
Once again a gentleman
Arjun and Surveen in Jai Hind 2
TOPICS
arts, culture and entertainment
20 years after Jai Hind, actor Arjun returns with Jai Hind 2, and this time he is fighting for kids to be educated. nikhil raghavan catches up
It was a chance reading of a book by former president Dr. A. P. J. Abdul Kalam that inspired Arjun to make Jai Hind 2. Recounting a unique incident from the book, he says, “Addressing a group of children in Hyderabad, Abdul Kalam asked a girl what her aspirations were. She said that she did not want to go abroad but would like to grow up in a developed India. The key word here was ‘developed’ and not ‘developing’. This is the nucleus of Jai Hind 2.”
Dr. Kalam has inspired thousands of Indians in fields such as science, technology and space and, says Arjun, “the underlying factor in most of his speeches has been the need for good basic education for children.”
Arjun played a cop fighting terrorism in the first Jai Hind that released in 1994. Here, he plays a common man working in the IT industry, whose life changes when he sees an incident involving a small girl. He decides to dedicate himself to the cause of children’s education. “The film has a socially relevant theme but is packaged in a slick manner. It is a commercial entertainer with comedy, drama, romance and action in right proportions. You will see action like never before; with some thrilling sequences set in Bangkok,” says the action king.
Arjun says Jai Hind 2 is not a sequel but a series under the same name, which is slowly turning into a franchise — a title with a cause. “While the first film saw me as a cop fighting terrorism, here I am fighting for the education of our children. In both, there is a kind of patriotic fervour, a deep sense of commitment towards the country and a need to convey this through cinema.”
Deciding that a subject as important as this should not be confined to one language, Arjun decided to produce, direct and act in the film in three languages — Jai Hind 2 in Tamil and Telugu; and Abhimanyu in Kannada. “It has been a terrific challenge. But at the end of the day I think I have not only succeeded in completing the trilingual but have also become an expert filmmaker. Now, it will be a breeze to do a single language film,” laughs Arjun. Jai Hind 2 has been extensively shot in several Indian cities as well as Bangkok and Singapore.
With a chequered career that started in Kannada film Simhada Mari Sainya way back in 1981, Arjun has since not just acted in scores of films but has also written quite a few, and produced and directed some.
Are there any landmark films? “For me, every new film is unique. But it is only natural to have some favourites: Gentleman (Tamil) and Sri Manjunatha (Kannada) directed by K. Raghavendra Rao and Sri Anjaneyam in Telugu, directed by Krishna Vamsi are some of them,” says the actor.
Acting or directing, which does he think he is better at? “If it’s a question of excelling, I would say both. If you ask me which one I enjoy doing, right now it is direction. The creative aspect of it, and the way the project unfolds in front of you is exhilarating. As a director, I have full control over every aspect of the project and I know for sure that my screenplay will translate into celluloid in totality,” he says.
And he has picked a North Indian heroine... “Well, I acted with Surveen in Vasanth’s Moondru Paer Moondru Kaadhal. The film might not have done well but I found Surveen to be very talented and with a deep sense of commitment to work. I analysed my script and knew that she would fit the character well. Surveen plays my love interest in Jai Hind 2 and I have given her a look totally different from the glamorous one. She plays a typical South Indian Brahmin girl,” says Arjun.
Music has always played an important role in Arjun’s films. In Jai Hind 2, he says “there is a sentimental song, a romantic duet and a situational song with shades of patriotism called ‘Ayya Padichavarey’. The songs by Arjun Janya from Karnataka are perfect for the film.”
Arjun will be directing his daughter Aishwarya, who selected one of the three stories he narrated to her. According to the actor, it will be a breezy romantic film, very stylish in content and definitely aimed at the box office. “Now, the search is on for an ideal hero,” says Arjun.

Arnold Schwarzenegger to be back with Terminator trilogyArnold Schwarzenegger to be back with Terminator trilogy
ANI  Washington, September 06, 2014
First Published: 15:49 IST(6/9/2014) | Last Updated: 19:26 IST(6/9/2014)
Paramount Pictures has revealed the release dates for the reboot of Terminator and their sequels.
According to the Hollywood Reporter, Terminator: Genisys will hit the theatres in July 20 next year.
Sources revealed that Terminator 2 will hit the theatres in May 2017, followed by Terminator 3 in June 2018 and two films will be filmed back to back.
The production house is collaborating with Skydance Productions on the movie trilogy where Alan Taylor will direct Terminator: Genisys, starring Arnold Schwarzenegger in the title role. 
Arnold Schwarzenegger with his book "Total Recall" at the 64th Frankfurt Book Fair on October 10, 2012. Photo: AFP / Johannes Eisele

Obama to delay executive action on immigrationBy Ed O'Keefe and David Nakamura September 6 Follow @edatpost Follow @davidnakamura
Bowing to political concerns, President Obama will not announce any plans to take executive action to change immigration policy until after the November elections, despite promising in June he would act before the end of summer.
White House officials began informing lawmakers and advocacy groups of the decision, with calls going out late Friday and continuing into Saturday morning, according to several people familiar with the decision.
The decision comes just a few days after Obama hinted that he might delay a decision as he continues to call on Congress to take steps to overhaul the nation's immigration laws.
Senate Democrats have warned that any bold executive action ran the risk of upending the chances of several Democratic incumbents running for reelection in southern states, where Obama is unpopular and the issue of immigration reform isn't as urgent. Republicans must win six seats to take control of the Senate.
In an interview set to air Sunday on NBC's "Meet the Press," Obama defended his decision to wait .
"When I take executive action, I want to make sure that it's sustainable,” Obama said in a clip from the interview released Saturday afternoon . "What I'm saying is that I'm going to act because it's the right thing for the country.  But it's going to be more sustainable and more effective if the public understands what the facts are on immigration, what we've done on unaccompanied children [on the southern border], and why it's necessary."
A White House official, who was not authorized to speak on the record, also defended the decision. "The reality the president has had to weigh is that we’re in the midst of the political season and because of the Republicans’ extreme politicization of this issue, the president believes it would be harmful to the policy itself and to the long-term prospects for comprehensive immigration reform to announce administrative action before the elections."
Republicans, who have vehemently denounced the president's plans to take executive action, quickly declared the delay a result of cold political calculation.
"There is a never a right time for the president to declare amnesty by executive action," House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) said in a statement, "but the decision to simply delay this deeply-controversial and possibly unconstitutional unilateral action until after the election - instead of abandoning the idea altogether - smacks of raw politics."
The decision is likely to infuriate many Democrats who have said Obama taking executive action before the elections could embolden Democratic base voters to turn out in key elections. And it definitely will infuriate members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, who have been pressuring Obama to take action since he took office in 2009.
There are more than 11 million immigrants living illegally in the United States and how to deal with them has been the crux of the disagreement between the parties in Washington. Democrats and some Republicans support offering them a path to legal status, and potentially citizenship, but most of the GOP has refused to support such proposals.
The Obama administration championed a push for comprehensive immigration reform last year that produced a bipartisan bill in the Senate. But the effort collapsed after House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) told the president in June that the lower chamber would not take up the issue.
In a Rose Garden statement June 30, Obama said he had given up on congressional action and had instructed top aides to deliver recommendations to him about what steps he could take to remake border control policies on his own.
"If Congress will not do their job, at least we can do ours," the president said that day. "I expect their recommendations before the end of summer and I intend to adopt those recommendations without further delay."
Among the actions the president was considering was a move to defer the deportations of millions of undocumented immigrants whose children are U.S. citizens and who have lived in the country many years.
But the peril of making such a move just weeks before a crucial midterm election did not just center on the particulars of the immigration issue itself. Democrats worried that it also would feed the Republican storyline that Obama is an overreaching executive--something they have also argued about the implementation of the Affordable Care Act.
And of all the states where Senate seats are in play this fall, Colorado--which has a sizable Hispanic population--was the only one where Democrats believed executive action could work to their candidate's benefit, rather than damage their prospects.
In a statement Saturday, Mary Kay Henry, head of Service Employees International Union, one of several labor unions pushing for changes, said her members are "deeply disheartened that the dreams of hard-working immigrant families who have long contributed to the fabric of the American life remain in jeopardy. The White House’s decision to delay executive action forces countless families to continue to wait in the shadows of fear."
Immigrant rights groups and labor organizations that had supported Obama's push for comprehensive immigration reform had said they blamed Republicans for Congress's failure to produce a bill and would seek to mobilize turnout in the fall elections to punish the GOP. Obama's decision to delay his announcement could backfire on Democrats, as those groups turn their anger on the White House and congressional Democrats.
Top Obama aides Valerie Jarrett and Cecilia Muñoz had been making calls to the interest groups this week in hopes of tamping down criticism in anticipation that Obama would announce a delay.
“The president’s latest broken promise is another slap to the face of the Latino and immigrant community,” said Cristina Jimenez, managing director for United We Dream, an immigrant rights group. “Where we have demanded leadership and courage from both Democrats and the president, we’ve received nothing but broken promises and a lack of political backbone.”
In laying the groundwork for his executive actions, Obama had said he would be forced to make tough decisions over the government's ability to deal with a burgeoning crisis at the southern border, where an unprecedented influx of Central American adults and children have crossed over this year. The president indicated that, in the absence of additional money from Congress, he would look to shift resources from immigration enforcement inside the country to the border to help speed up deportations of the new arrivals.
However, the number of migrants being apprehended at the border has slowed significantly in the past two months, down from 250 per day in June to about 100 a day in July and August. That has eased the humanitarian crisis at a time when Congress has been out of Washington for summer recess--and taken away political attention and urgency that has shifted to international crises in Iraq and Ukraine.
Some advocates fear that if Republicans win control of the Senate, which would be interpreted as a repudiation of Obama's and the Democrats' agenda, Obama will feel political pressure to scale back his planned executive actions.
" I want to be very clear:  My intention is, in the absence of action by Congress, I’m going to do what I can do within the legal constraints of my office -- because it’s the right thing to do for the country," Obama said Friday during a news conference in Wales, where he had been attending a NATO summit.
Obama's decision Saturday didn't stop Republicans from continuing to make an issue of what the president might do on immigration. Republican Scott Brown, who is hoping to unseat Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D-N.H.) has made concerns about immigration a central tenet of his campaign. Brown said Obama's decision to delay "is of little comfort to people like myself who believe in the rule of law."
He added: "Make no mistake: President Obama plans to grant amnesty, it's just that he will cynically wait until after the election so as not to harm Senate Democrats."
News of Obama's decision was first reported by the Associated Press.
 
Ed O’Keefe is a congressional reporter with The Washington Post and covered the 2008 and 2012 presidential and congressional elections.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410042414/1410042414000/1410042414 tracking: {authors=Ed O'Keefe; David Nakamura, blog_name=post-politics, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=obama-to-delay-executive-action-on-immigration-until-after-election, post_id=96682, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 6, 2014 10:26:54 PM close date: Sep 20, 2014 10:26:54 PM

Clinical research needed  but with honest intentions: Harsh VardhanB:LINE:Minister for Health and Family Welfare, Harsh Vardhan assuming office .in the Capital on 27-5-14. Pic-Ramesh Sharma &#13;&#13;
The lead story:
Clinical research needed, but with honest intentions: Harsh Vardhan
P.T.Jyothi Datta
Mumbai
Health Minister Harsh Vardhan gets about five hours of sleep at night.
A “nocturnal habit” that has been with him for the last 30 years, from medical college right through to his political life.
And yet, he does not quite lose sleep over anything. You need a clear mind, and a solution will present itself, he says, in an interview that winds up, true to his style, at midnight.
So what is on the minister’s mind on issues like clinical research, quality of local medicines or euthanasia? Insights from an interaction with “Doctor saab”.
1. Clinical testing of medicines on humans is a contentious debate. And the concern is whether it is good for the country, or just the pharmaceutical industry? Without discussing the existing Supreme Court case, what are your thoughts on clinical research?
Honestly speaking, without research you cannot have real evidence based medicine. Any research if done in the interest of medicine, with an honest vision and without unethical pressures – is essential for society. Without research how do you bring a new drug and eliminate disease?
If someone did not discover the polio vaccine…we would not have been able to eradicate polio. The point is, trials on drugs need to be done honestly without commercial interests.
If trials are judiciously done by professional people with honest intentions, it does not harm the patient. The country needs to update and augment research to find solutions to its problems.
If there are concerns, the law can be amended. And laws are made for the people. Our Government is committed to strengthening the regulatory infrastructure and States are being helped to set up labs and the shortage of manpower is already a focus area.
2. Indian drug companies have come under the intense scrutiny of a couple of foreign regulators. And this raises doubts locally, whether drug companies face as much scrutiny here. Your thoughts?
When I was Delhi’s Health Minister, I had an essential drug policy model. Purchasing medicines was made fool-proof. I followed a two bid system where companies had to make a quality and rate bid.
So there was a two-level checking and the technical bid ensured that the companies were GMP (Good Manufacturing Practices norms) compliant. At different levels and at different times, qualified people (consultants, pharmacologists etc) would visit factories, pick samples from the market and test them in quality laboratories. The system needs to have checks to ensure the quality of drugs is not compromised.
3. But when you see a Wockhardt or Ranbaxy have regulatory issues overseas. Does it worry you?
There are all types of people, some doing good work and at reasonable rates. And there are the commercial types, and then the sub-standard types. You cannot generalize the whole thing and accuse them of being sellers of sub standard products. A balanced view is required.
I never get worried about anything. You need a clear mind and a solution will present itself on all things. The important thing is, we have the will to do the right thing.
4. The previous Government’s whistle blower policy, to reward those who exposed wrong doings in pharmaceutical operations, did not quite take off. Would you revitalize the scheme?
Not specifically on the whistle blower policy, but I have told our people, we need 500 percent transparency. They need to be effective, efficient and dedicated and not tolerate a compromise from anyone. I generally believe that dishonest people need to be punished and those who are sincere need to be rewarded.
5. The Health Ministry had earlier mooted compulsory licenses (CL) on certain cancer drugs – allowing third parties to make the drug and at a lower price, after paying royalty to the innovator. Are you in favour of CLs?
It has to be a considered decision, you cannot accept the monopoly of some companies. Any good company, making a quality drug comparable to anyone in the world should be allowed, and a regulatory mechanism should be there to check exploitative behaviour. Whatever we do is in the interest of people in this country and policies will be directed towards welfare.
6. Recent discussion on euthanasia, you too have voiced your thoughts…
This is a subject that needs to be deliberated by patients, the medical profession, religious heads etc. As a doctor, my opinion is different from that of a patient and it may change if I were in the patient’s place. It involves emotions and a ground reality. We need not rush into this but should build a consensus.
7. Is there a danger of losing the country’s Health Minister to Delhi as Chief Minister?
All my life, I have not lived by personal agenda. That decision has to be taken by the party.
8. So you are not outright denying that Delhi elections beckon?
Ultimately, health is my passion. The rest is to be decided by the party and the people.
(eom)

Plane carrying Larry and Jane Glazer crashes off JamaicaApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Centre to fund special rhino protection force in KazirangaEnvironment Minister Prakash Javadekar travelling on a boat inside the Kaziranga National Park on Friday. (source: PTI Photo)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 6, 2014 4:47 pm
The Centre would fund setting up a Special Rhino Protection Force (SRPF) for protecting one-horned rhinos in Kaziranga National Park and other rhino habitats in Assam, union forest and environment minister Prakash Javadekar said on Saturday. He also said that the Centre would look towards covering more rhino-poaching cases by the CBI.
Winding up his two-day visit to Assam during which he concentrated only on protecting rhinos, Javadekar told a press conference that the Centre was for “zero-tolerance” towards rhino poaching and asked the Congress government in the state to be more pro-active in this regard. He visited Kaziranga along with Assam Forest Minister Rakibul Hussain on Friday and also listened to public grievances there.
“This Special Rhino Protection Force, fully funded by the Centre, will essentially comprise of local youth knows the rhino habitat and has access to lot of vital information regarding rhinos and movement of suspicious people close to Kaziranga. The government also believes in increasing community participation in protecting wildlife and forests. After all it is the local community which gets most affected,” Javadekar said.
As many as 22 rhinos have been killed by poachers in Assam in the current year, while forest guards too have gunned down 20 poachers in the past eight months, Javadekar said. Twenty-four poachers on the other hand have been apprehended since January, he said. “Poaching has to be brought down to zero,” he added.
The minister also announced that the Centre would constitute a task force that would hold a series of consultations with all stakeholders in the next six months and come out with a comprehensive strategy to protect rhinos and wipe out poaching. The government would also ensure that six animal corridors that Kaziranga animals use would also be made free of human obstruction soon.
On the demand for handing over all rhino-poaching cases to the CBI, Javadekar said since two cases are already with the agency, he would find out whether more cases could be brought under its purview. “I will soon find out from the CBI if it could expand the scope of its probe and take up some of the glaring cases for investigation,” he said.
Terming his trip to Assam as “mission rhino”, Javadekar also asked the state government to ensure eviction of all encroachers from inside national parks, wildlife sanctuaries and reserved forests. “Development and environment protection have to go hand in hand,” he said. The union minister had said in Kaziranga that the BJP government intended to increase the country’s forest cover from the existing 24 per cent to at least 33 per cent in the next 10-15 years.
Admitting that he was surprised at the overwhelming demand by the people for protecting rhinos, Javadekar said the people of Assam were totally committed continued…

Jihadists among 31 dead in Syria air raids: NGOThe strikes come amid a stepped-up campaign by President Bashar al-Assad's regime targeting IS positions in north and east Syria. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Beirut | Posted: September 6, 2014 8:09 pm
Syrian air strikes in the jihadist- held northern city of Raqa on Saturday killed 31 people, including 15 Islamic State (IS) members, a monitoring group said.
“Regime warplanes carried out eight air strikes targeting Raqa and its surroundings,” said Syrian Observatory for Human Rights director Rami Abdel Rahman.
At least 15 jihadists and 16 civilians including three children and two women were killed. Eight of the civilian dead were from a single family.
The strikes come amid a stepped-up campaign by President Bashar al-Assad’s regime targeting IS positions in north and east Syria.
Activists say such air raids often kill many civilians as well as jihadists.
Similar strikes on Tuesday in the eastern province of Deir Ezzor killed 16 people including 10 children.
Among the targets on Saturday were a building housing an IS Islamic court and a training camp.
Seventeen of the dead were killed when a bakery was hit.
The Islamic State group first emerged in Syria’s war in late spring 2013, when it was named the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL).
Its horrific abuses, including near-daily public executions, have made it widely feared in areas it controls, but activists say people stay silent for fear of reprisals.
In a separate development, the Observatory said the number of people killed in a Friday air strike targeting a Syrian rebel-held area of Aleppo city in the north has risen to 15.
Insurgent areas of Aleppo have come under massive aerial bombardment since December, killing hundreds of people and prompting tens of thousands to flee to safety.
The regime has kept up its offensive despite a UN Security Council resolution in February condemning such strikes.
And east of Damascus, regime troops backed by Lebanese Hezbollah fighters made another gain against rebel forces by taking the village of Hteitet Jarash, the Observatory said.
The village is near Mleiha, a former rebel bastion that fell to government control in mid-August after several months of fierce fighting and near-daily bombardment.
Hteitet Jarash is in the Eastern Ghouta area, which the army has besieged for more than a year.
Syria’s war began in March 2011 as a peaceful protest movement demanding Assad’s ouster, but morphed into a brutal war after the regime unleashed a massive crackdown against dissent.
The United Nations says at least 191,000 people have been killed in the more than three-year conflict.

India committed to bring back growth: Sushma SwarajUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Manama: India is firmly committed to bring back growth and have clear policies, which will facilitate business environment, transparency and speed, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said on Saturday.
"The result is there before you in just 100 days: GDP growth is showing early signs of recovery. Indian economy has bounced back to record a growth rate of 5.7 per cent for the April-June quarter, highest in the past two-and-half years," Swaraj, who is on a two-day visit to Bahrain, said. "Interest in the economy has surged, queries for investment increased and the investment sentiment improved," she said, while addressing the "Diaspora Engagement Meet".
"Our Government is firmly committed to bring back growth, have clear policies which will facilitate business environment, transparency and speed, well thought out decisions," she said. Swaraj said that the focus of the government is growth with\ eye on manufacturing, infrastructure and trade.
"The result is there before you in just 100 days: GDP growth is showing early signs of recovery. Indian economy has bounced back to record a growth rate of 5.7 per cent for the April-June quarter, highest in the past two-and-half years," Swaraj, who is on a two-day visit to Bahrain, said.
"In a major boost for the infrastructure and real estate sector, the government is proposing tax incentives for two new investment instruments -- Infrastructure Investment Trusts (InvITs) and Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) - to promote long term investments from foreign and domestic investors, including the NRIs," she said and asked overseas Indians to take part in the growth agenda.
Expressing the Indian government's gratitude to Bahrain for receiving and hosting so many Indians, she said, "India and Bahrain enjoy excellent bilateral relations. There is a large degree of convergence between Bahrain and India on a range of international issues," she said. She said it was her first visit to the country after taking over office which was "an indication of the tremendous importance India attaches to Bahrain and to the region at large."
Presence of nearly 350,000 Indian nationals out of a total of 1.2 million residents in Bahrain is one of the key aspects of our bilateral relations with Bahrain, she said. Lauding the Indians diaspora here, Swaraj said, "Your achievements overseas truly make India stronger and more confident about her potential."
"Today there is hardly any established Bahraini business organisation that does not have a senior or middle level Indian employee playing an important role in its operations," she said. "India is one of the pioneers in recognising the importance of connecting with its overseas Indian population and was first off the block to establish an institutional framework for a sustainable and mutually beneficial engagement with its diaspora. We believe that the overseas Indians are our brand ambassadors of India," she said.

Stephen Strasburg strong again in lossComments
Stephen Strasburg. (Brett Davis-USA TODAY Sports)
Lost in Friday’s extra-inning loss, miscues and questions about Rafael Soriano’s status as closer was Stephen Strasburg’s strong start. He held the Phillies to only one run over six sturdy innings. He surrendered only four hits, struck out five batters and walked none.
With Friday’s outing, Strasburg has allowed one run or less in six of his past eight starts. Despite two clunkers in that span, he boasts a 2.79 ERA over his past 51 2/3 innings over eight starts. Over the past few weeks, Strasburg’s fastball command has improved.
His start before Friday, in which he allowed one run over 7 2/3 innings in Seattle, was arguably the best of the season. His fastball averaged 95.9 mph, the fastest of any start this season, and he located it well. Against the Phillies on Friday, Strasburg’s fastball was again good.
“I just feel like there are games where I give up more than one run and feel better but I just try to go out there and compete and give everything I have every time,” he said.
His fastball sat around 95 and 96 mph, a deadly combination with his potent secondary stuff. Even though Strasburg enjoyed success with Jose Lobaton behind the plate in the previous four starts, Wilson Ramos started on Friday and Strasburg did well with him.
Only once did Strasburg have multiple baserunners in an inning. With one out and on one in the sixth inning, Strasburg coughed up an RBI double to Ben Revere in the gap in left field. He then struck out Jimmy Rollins but gave the Nationals a minor scare.
Strasburg seemed to grimace after the punch-out, and pitching coach Steve McCatty along with an assistant trainer paid him a visit on the mound. Strasburg remained in the game and then struck out Chase Utley, hitting 96 mph with his fastball and finishing the at-bat with a wicked 82 mph curveball.
The issue was a developing blister on a finger on Strasburg’s throwing hand. A combination of the heat, humidity and throwing curveballs caused the finger irritation and Williams felt there was no need to aggravate it further after the inning, especially after Strasburg’s pitch count was already at 95.
“It’s a little irritation. He’s had it a couple times this year when it’s been really humid and hot,” Williams said. “He goes to the rosin bag a lot and it creates an irritation. In that regard, we don’t want it to develop into something that would hinder him for his next start.”
“It was getting on the point of [a blister],” Strasburg added. “Sometimes when you get this extreme heat all of a sudden, I’m a heavy sweater to begin with. So just kinda happens.”

Sharad Pawar launches poll campaignSharad Pawar launches poll campaign
Rahul Wadke
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 6:  
Party workers should not lose heart due to the recent reverses in the Lok Sabha elections. Voting patterns differ during Parliamentary and Assembly elections, said Chief of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), Sharad Pawar on Saturday.
He was addressing party workers at the launch programme of NCP’s Assembly election campaign.
Pawar said that there have been precedents, where voters have chosen different parties during Parliamentary and Assembly elections and which has helped the party to gain power in Maharashtra.
In his speech he also indicated that in the forthcoming elections the party could jointly campaign with Congress party for seeking people’s mandate.
*
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

Last ODI win will boost our chances in T20  says Eoin MorganPress Trust of India | Birmingham | Posted: September 6, 2014 8:41 pm
England Twenty20 captain Eoin Morgan on Saturday said his side will take a lot of confidence from its 41-run win over India in the fifth and final ODI when the two sides meet for one last time this summer in a T20 International, in Birmingham on Sunday.
India won the five-ODI series 3-1, but England managed to post a much-needed win in the last one-dayer at Leeds Saturday to avoid a whitewash.
“It was a huge boost. We had not competed in the first three games we’ve played against India. They are a very strong side and they did not let us play and all credit to them.
“But for us to stand up Saturday and for Joe Root to put in the performance that he did, in difficult circumstances and given the situation when he came in, it was exceptional. We can take a lot of confidence from that,” said Morgan at the pre-match press conference.
Middle order batsman Morgan’s own form though has been a bit of a pale shadow. Thanks to England’s top-order troubles, he has failed to get going. The hosts could cross the 250-run mark only once in the ODI series and that to in the final one-dayer.
“It’s been extremely disappointing. I’ve worked incredibly hard this year on my all-round game but I have been light on runs. I can’t pinpoint exactly where it’s going wrong,” the T20 captain said.
“I’ve found different ways of getting out the majority of the time. It’s never been easy as international cricket isn’t. I’ve gone through periods likes this before and I’ve always come back well, so I’m quite confident I will,” he added.
Asked if this might affect his captaincy, Morgan replied, “The scores I’ve had when I’ve captained, it hasn’t seemed to have affected my batting at all. But then again, we only go by runs.”
Alastair Cook also went through a similar phase as the England Test and ODI captain this summer. While he was able to turn it around in the longer format, the 50-over format escaped Cook and the ECB have scheduled a crisis meeting early next week to consider the ODI series loss to India.
“Cook has been exceptional this summer. He’s been under the pump quite a lot and in challenging times in English cricket at the moment, he’s come out really well. I think with the transition as well the team is going through, it can be difficult at times especially being the captain,” said Morgan.
“But given the experience that he’s had both in his playing and captaining career, he’s been outstanding dealing with it.”
When asked pertinently if Cook was indeed the right man to lead England to the World Cup, Morgan replied, “Yeah, absolutely. I have confidence in him. I have a huge amount of respect for him, both as a player and as a captain, and again I look forward to him leading the side out in Sri Lanka and in the World Cup.”
Recently, Sir Ian Botham continued…

Shady gold auction raises police suspicion  63 kg seizedPrint
Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: September 6, 2014 8:09 pm
The Central Crime Branch (CCB) police in Bangalore conducted a raid at a store room of the gold loan firm IIFL Finance Limited and seized 63 kg of gold worth around Rs 18 crore after receiving a tip off that stolen gold was being hoarded at the store room. The concerned authorities at the store room failed to furnish supporting documents for the gold leading to the suspicion that it could be stolen goods. The police have arrested two persons identified as Raghavendra and Manjunatha Reddy who were middlemen between ‘customers’ and the gold loan firm.
“There are details of the customers who pledged their gold in the firm. Many customers are untraceable and this givers rise to the suspicion that this huge quantity gold or at least 60% of it is stolen property. We are investigating the case and the facts will be revealed soon,” joint commissioner of police (crime) Hemant Nimbalkar said. The CCB police have registered a case of cheating and criminal breach of trust in the Cubbon Park police station.  The gold was seized when a group of middlemen were trying to sell the 63 kg of gold at 80% of the actual price, Deputy Commissioner of Police (crime) Abhishek Goyal said. The gold allegedly kept illegally in the IIFL store room and not openly auctioned as required by standard legal procedures, the DCP said. “The CCB raided IIFL and seized auction files and also 63 kg of gold. Some middlemen were also arrested. The investigation continues. Many more people will be arrested soon,” he said.
Preliminary investigations have revealed that the head of of the local branch of IIFL at Cubbon Park maintained a file on the gold but without mentioning a base price and with no signatures of the customers who had pledged the gold. The officials of the firm claimed that they could sell the gold at any price they wanted since there are no guidelines from the Reserve Bank India. “We have written to the RBI for clarification in the case. We have been informed by the firm that the seized gold belongs to more than 3000 customers. But they have not maintained documents to support their claim,” DCP Goyal said. The police have seized all the documents related to the gold and are verifying their authenticity.

Sierra Leone plans three-day  complete shutdown  to stall EbolaPrint
Agence-France Presse | Sierra Leone | Posted: September 6, 2014 8:08 pm | Updated: September 6, 2014 8:09 pm
Sierra Leone is to enforce three days of “complete shutdown” across the country later this month in a bid to contain the Ebola epidemic, a government spokesman said on Saturday.
The measure, which will come into force from September 19, means pedestrians and vehicles on non-essential business will be barred from movement for 72 hours.
“This will be strictly adhered to without exception,” government spokesman Abdulai Bayratay told AFP by telephone.
Authorities in Freetown will use the 72-hour quarantine window to give medical staff access to patients who have yet to be transferred to treatment centres, Bayratay said.
“In this regard, health workers as well as health-related NGO personnel will make house-to-house checks on homes for likely Ebola sufferers that relatives have hidden,” he added.
Bayratay said the shutdown would be aided by the arrival of several new ambulances and up to 30 military vehicles, and could be repeated in future.
The quarantine plan was announced after the World Health Organization (WHO) said Friday that the death toll from Ebola since the start of the year had topped 2,000.
The virus has claimed 2,097 lives out of 3,944 people infected in Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone, the UN health body said.

Plosser  Fed s lone dissenter  not in favour of waiting to hike ratesYou are here: Home > Collections
Charles Plosser, US Federal Reserve's lone dissenter, warns again on risks of waiting to hike rates
Reuters Sep 6, 2014, 08.15PM IST
Tags:
Charles Plosser
(Plosser, known for his longstanding…)
AMELIA ISLAND: Charles Plosser , president of the Philadelphia Federal Reserve Bank and the lone dissenter at the Fed's July policy meeting, on Saturday continued his push for the US central bank to change its language on interest rate policy to reflect an improving economy and pave the way for a faster-than expected-interest rate hike.
Plosser, who is known for his longstanding warnings about potential inflation, said the Fed's steady, accommodative language had fallen out of step with a strengthening economy.
"We must acknowledge and thus prepare the markets for the fact that interest rates may begin to increase sooner than previously anticipated," Plosser said in remarks prepared for delivery to a group of Pennsylvania community bankers gathered for their annual convention at this seaside resort.
"I am not suggesting that rates should necessarily be increased now," said Plosser, who currently is a voter on the Fed's main policy-setting committee. But "our first task is to change the language in a way that allows for liftoff sooner than many now anticipate and sooner than suggested by our current guidance."
The Fed's policy committee meets later this month in a session that may see Plosser get his wish. In a recent speech at the Fed's annual economic conference in Wyoming, Fed Chair Janet Yellen acknowledged the arguments of those, like Plosser, who feel the economy - and labor markets in particular - may be stronger than they appear by some indicators.
Other Fed officials have also become more vocal about the need for the central bank to begin shifting gears more quickly from policies set to fight the 2007 to 2009 financial crisis and recession.
But the data remains ambiguous: growth has rebounded, for example, but the jobs report for August released on Friday was a disappointment and offered fodder for those on the Fed who feel labor markets are not fully healed.
There were indications, however, that some policymakers were not disturbed by the latest jobs report. Eric Rosengren, president of the Boston Fed, said Friday afternoon that he sees the US economy heading toward full employment, though the path could be faster or slower than currently forecast.
Plosser said that it was difficult for economists to know the true state of the labor market, and dangerous for the Fed to weigh employment issues too heavily in its interest rate decisions.
"Whether you believe that the labor market has fully recovered or not, it is clear that we have made considerable progress toward full employment and price stability," Plosser said. "We are no longer in the depths of a financial crisis nor is the labor market in the same dire straits it was five years ago.
"If monetary policy waits until it is certain that the labor market has fully recovered before beginning to raise rates, policy will be far behind the curve," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bangladesh withdraws from UNSC candidature f...You are here: Home > Collections > Bangladesh
Bangladesh withdraws from UNSC candidature in Japan's favour
PTI Sep 6, 2014, 08.27PM IST
Tags:
Bangladesh
("We would...withdraw Bangladesh's…)
DHAKA: Bangladesh today said it would withdraw its candidature for a non-permanent seat in the UNSC in favour of Japan , as the Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe arrived here on a two-day visit to boost economic and security ties.
"We would...withdraw Bangladesh's candidature (for a non-permanent seat on the UN Security Council ) in favour of Japan," said Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina at a joint press briefing with Abe.
She said: "In view of Japan's continued and strong support in Bangladesh's development process and in the interest of solidarity and unity of the Asia Pacific Group at the UN, it is my pleasure to declare that Bangladesh would support Japan's candidature from the Asia Pacific Group."
Abe, in response, expressed his gratefulness to Hasina for her broader cooperation.
The 2015 UNSC election will be held in October 2015 during the 70th session of the UN General Assembly for five non-permanent seats for a two-year mandate starting on January 1, 2016.
According to UNSC rules, the 10 non-permanent seats rotate among various regional blocks in which UN member states traditionally divide themselves for voting and representation purposes.
Bangladesh earlier today rolled out the red carpet as Abe arrived along with his wife and a 150-member strong entourage. Hasina greeted them at the Hazrat Shahjalal International Airport in Dhaka.
Bangladesh described the visit as a "milestone" in relations and hoped to win Japanese investment for several mega infrastructure projects including a railway bridge and a tunnel under the mighty Brahmaputra River.
Abe's visit, the first by a Japanese premier to Bangladesh in 14 years, is aimed at boosting economic and security ties.
Abe's tour follows Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's trip to Tokyo earlier in the week.
The Japanese premier is set to go to Sri Lanka at the end of his Dhaka visit - again a first for a Japanese prime minister in 24 years.
In Colombo, Abe and Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa aim to strengthen maritime territorial cooperation in the face of a more assertive China, media reports said.
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka lie along sea-lanes between the Middle East and East Asia. China has helped build ports in countries along the vital route.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bipasha shoots with Kapil Sharma in DubaiBipasha shoots with Kapil Sharma in Dubai
IANS  Mumbai, September 06, 2014
First Published: 19:44 IST(6/9/2014) | Last Updated: 20:23 IST(6/9/2014)
Comments
Actress Bipasha Basu, who has been on a whirlwind promotional spree for her film "Creature 3D", shot with comedy king Kapil Sharma for his special episode in Dubai. She says it was "super fun".
 "Comedy Nights With Kapil, Dubai special! #creature3d integration! Wearing a beautiful Sonaakshi Raaj…," Bipasha tweeted along with a photograph of herself decked up for the hit show.
 Kapil, along with other actors of his show, has taken the much-loved show for a special episode in Dubai on public demand. He loved having Bipasha over.
 "Thanks @bipsluvurself for ur time...U were luking very beautiful as usual," he tweeted to the Bengali beauty after shooting with her.
 In response to that, Bipasha posted: "@KapilSharmaK9 Thank you for having me there! It was super fun and like always you stole everyone's heart with ur talent. Super host! Hugs!"
 "Comedy Nights With Kapil" airs on Colors.

Hilary Duff claims leaked nude photos are fakeHilary Duff claims leaked nude photos are fake
PTI  London, September 06, 2014
First Published: 20:20 IST(6/9/2014) | Last Updated: 20:34 IST(6/9/2014)
Comments
Singer Hilary Duff has confirmed that the leaked nude photographs, which were said to be hers, are fake.
The representative of Duff, 26, has contacted FBI after she was named among the 100 celebrities, including actress Jennifer Lawrence and model Kate Upton, whose alleged nude photos were leaked this week, reported the Daily Mirror.
"Photos claiming to be Hilary Duff are completely fake.
They are all from the neck down and absolutely fake. They do not have Hilary's defining birthmarks or tattoos. We have alerted the FBI that these photos are fake," the representative said.
The FBI are already hunting the hacker and the agency said it was aware of the allegations concerning computer intrusions and the unlawful release of material involving high profile individuals, and is addressing the matter.

Nothing immoral in BJP forming govt in Delhi: Amit ShahComments
With moves being made for government formation in Delhi, the BJP may be veering round to the possibility of taking a shot at power with the party president Amit Shah virtually justifying such a course of action.
Home minister Rajnath Singh maintained that the party will take a call once a formal proposal is received from Lt Governor Najeeb Jung while he ruled out his party indulging in any horse trading .
The state unit of the party is said to be divided on forming a government without facing fresh elections but sources said the high command was inclined to give it a shot.
A final decision may be taken on the issue at a meeting of the newly-constitute BJP parliamentary board that may be convened early next week, sources said.
Read: BJP hunts for numbers, Kejriwal accuses it of horse-trading
Amit Shah told a television channel that BJP, the single-largest party, has the right to form a government as it has got the mandate in Delhi in both the  Assembly and Lok Sabha elections and does not see anything immoral in seeking support for it.
"Our party got the mandate in the Assembly and Lok Sabha polls in Delhi, and we think that mandate stands. I do not find anything immoral in seeking support to form a government," Shah told Rajat Sharma in his 'Aap Ki Adalat' programme on India TV.
"Everybody wants to avoid fresh elections in Delhi," said Shah, adding that "BJP is the single largest party and it has the right to form a government."

Why Syria could come in way of fight against ISISprint
The US and its allies are trying to hammer out a coalition to push back the Islamic State group in Iraq. But any serious attempt to destroy the militants or even seriously degrade their capabilities means targeting their infrastructure in Syria.
That, however, is far more complicated. If it launches airstrikes against the group in Syria, the US runs the risk of unintentionally strengthening the hand of President Bashar Assad, whose removal the West has actively sought the past three years. Uprooting the Islamic State group, which has seized roughly a third of Syria and Iraq, may potentially open the way for the Syrian army to fill the vacuum.
The alternative would be to finally get serious about arming the mainstream Western-backed rebels fighting to topple Assad. But there is a reason the administration of President Barack Obama has been deeply reluctant to throw its weight behind them.
President Barack Obama arrives on the South Lawn of the White House after returning from the NATO Summit in Whales on Friday in Washington. (AP Photo)
The relatively moderate rebel factions fighting in Syria are in tatters. There are no secular groups, and the strongest factions are Islamic groups, many of which work with al Qaeda's official branch in Syria, the Nusra Front.
The Nusra Front, which has somewhat dropped from international headlines because of the Islamic State group's exceeding brutality, is on the US list of terrorist groups and is still very active.
It and other rebels recently seized the Quneitra border crossing between Syria and the Israeli-held Golan Heights, taking 45 United Nations peacekeepers hostage. It was also among a group of militants that recently overran a Lebanese border town and is holding several Lebanese soldiers and policemen captive.
While the US and its allies are now arming Kurdish peshmerga fighters in Iraq against the Islamic State group, Syrian rebels complain they are largely on their own, battling both the militants and the tyranny of Assad.
The Syrian opposition and many Syria observers are convinced that the rapid rise of the Islamic State group is a result of the US having left the Syrian conflict fester for so long.
Obama kicked up a storm of criticism late last month when he said "we don't have a strategy yet" for dealing with the Islamic State group in Syria.
"It is very important from my perspective that when we send our pilots in to do a job, that we know that this is a mission that's going to work, that we're very clear on what our objectives are, what our targets are," Obama said.
His statement epitomizes the caution that many say has been at the heart of US foreign policy on Syria the past three years. For better or for worse, Obama has avoided wading into the Syria mud, resisting pressure to directly arm the rebels in part because of fears the weapons would only end up in extremists' hands.
Watch: We will defeat ISIS, says Obama at Nato summit
Last year, the US threatened to bomb Assad's forces following a deadly chemical weapons attack last year blamed on his government. It backed away at the last minute. Though he had to give up his chemical weapons stockpile, an emboldened Assad made significant advances against outgunned rebels in key areas, particularly around the capital, Damascus.
Members of the Obama administration have said they recognize the need to address the Syria side of the equation. While meeting with Nato foreign and defense ministers on possible action in Iraq, US secretary of state John Kerry said there are obviously "implications about Syria in this."
A senior Obama administration official said Thursday that the US wanted to establish a credible ground force in Syria by training more moderate rebels before taking military action there.
The US signaled back in June that it hopes to enlist moderate Syrian opposition fighters in the battle against militant extremists. Obama sent Congress a $500 million request for a Pentagon-run program that would significantly expand previous covert efforts to support rebels.
The request is still pending.
Still, such a program faces the same questions hanging over US policy the past three years - how to distinguish "moderate" rebels from others in an increasingly radical landscape and how to ensure weapons only reach those groups.
Read: Nato allies unite, ready to challenge ISIS threat
Airstrikes alone would likely do little to truly defeat the Islamic State if there is no force on the ground to seize territory as the radicals retreat. Western leaders have categorically rejected the notion of partnering up with Assad, whom they accuse of committing war crimes on his own people.
So that means greater coordination with rebel factions.
"Unless such groups are able to capitalize on any airstrikes against the Islamic State in Syria, the Syrian armed forces may be able to fill the vacuum," said Torbjorn Soltvedt, a senior analyst at the British risk analysis firm Maplecroft.

Lego Top Selling Toy Maker; Barbie LagsYou are here: Home Corporates
Lego Overtakes Barbie Maker Mattel in Half Yearly Sales
Agence France Presse | Updated On: September 06, 2014 12:01 (IST)
Copenhagen: Danish toy maker Lego has taken the top spot as the world's biggest maker of toys by sales, overtaking Barbie doll-maker Mattel, its first half results showed.
First-half sales rose 11.0 per cent to 11.5 billion kroner ($2.03 billion or Rs 12,180 crore).
Performance was boosted by the Lego Movie product line which was launched together with the group's eponymous feature film earlier this year.
"It is too early to say if the strong performance will be reflected in the full year results," chief financial officer John Goodwin said in a statement.
"The majority of Lego sales to consumers happen in the second half of the calendar year in a short time span of a few weeks leading up to the holiday season."
Net profit rose 14 per cent to 2.7 billion kroner, also putting it ahead of Mattel, which reported disappointing first-half results in July as sales of Barbie continued to decline.
Mattel bought Canadian Lego rival Mega Brands - which makes plastic building blocks directly in competition with the Danish group's products - for $460 million in February.
Lego is looking to grow in Asia, where sales are relatively small compared to sales in the mature markets of Europe and North America.
"China saw the most significant growth in consumer sales in the region by more than 50 per cent," the company said.
Story first published on: September 06, 2014 11:16 (IST)

Sesa Sterlite Board Approves Raising of Borrowing CapYou are here: Home Corporates
Sesa Sterlite Board Approves Raising of Borrowing Cap
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 06, 2014 13:49 (IST)
Jack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
New Delhi: Sesa Sterlite's board has approved an enabling resolution for raising its borrowing limit by over 33 per cent to Rs 80,000 crore.
The board, which met on Friday, also approved a proposal to issue convertible securities of up to Rs 6,000 crore besides giving nod for private placement of non-convertible debentures (NCDs) of up to Rs 4,000 crore, the metal and mining major said in a filing to the BSE.
"The Board in their meeting held today considered and recommended passing ... enabling resolutions for increase in the borrowing limits of the company from Rs 60,000 crore to Rs 80,000 crore," it said.
Sesa Sterlite said the board has also approved creation of charge/mortgage over properties of the company for the purpose of the borrowing.
The enabling resolutions, once approved by shareholders, would remain valid for one year from the date of getting their nod.
The board has also approved reappointment of Dindayal Jalan as whole-time director, designated as chief financial officer, for two years till September 30, 2016.
Story first published on: September 06, 2014 01:33 (IST)
MORE FROM NDTV

How President Obama mishandled immigrationPresident Obama's decision to delay any executive action regarding the millions of undocumented immigrants in the country until after the election represents both a bow to political reality and a yet another reminder for the beleaguered president of the dangers of setting self-imposed deadlines.
This is a political crisis -- as it relates to the timing of a decision -- that is entirely Obama's own creation.  Back on June 30 in a statement delivered in the Rose Garden at the White House , he uttered these words:
I have also directed Secretary Johnson and Attorney General Holder to identify additional actions my administration can take on our own, within my existing legal authorities, to do what Congress refuses to do and fix as much of our immigration system as we can.  If Congress will not do their job, at least we can do ours.  I expect their recommendations before the end of summer and I intend to adopt those recommendations without further delay.
The thinking -- at the time -- was simple: Obama wanted to make clear that if the Republican-led House refused to act on reforming the country's immigration system, he would.  It was part of a broader message aimed at convincing (or re-convincing) the American public that Republicans were talkers (at best) and Democrats were doers.
But, what Obama and his senior aides failed to account for -- or underestimated -- was the blowback from within his own party to a major executive action by an unpopular president on an extremely hot-button issue.  (Worth nothing: Obama's approval numbers eroded steadily over the summer and into the early fall; his political standing today is weaker than it was when he pledged action on June 30.)  The move, it became clear, would have been seen as bigger than just immigration as well; it would have been cast (and was already being cast) by Republican candidates and strategists as simply the latest example -- Obamacare being the big one -- of federal government overreach.
This disconnect between the long-term legacy building prized by Obama and the near-term political concerns of many within his party is not new but, quite clearly, became a major point of tension. Democrats trying desperately to hold on to Senate seats in places like Louisiana, Arkansas, Alaska and North Carolina and Democratic challengers trying to oust Republicans in places like Georgia and Kentucky expressed deep worries that Obama offering what their GOP opponents would cast as some form of "amnesty" to millions of undocumented immigrants could make the difference between a chance at retaining the Senate majority and, well, no chance.
The counter argument --  that an executive order from Obama on immigration would enliven the Democratic base and further cement Hispanics' support for Democrats -- is a powerful one in a presidential election year or a midterm year in which many of the states being most hotly contested have large Latino populations. That, as Obama as his team should have realized far earlier than today, is not this year.
By Friday, when Obama was asked to set a timeline on an immigration announcement during a press conference in Wales, it had become clear that his thinking had changed significantly from the bravado of of June. "My expectation is that very soon I will be considering what the next steps are," Obama said in one of the best/worst examples of political rhetoric you are likely to find.  He added that he would make a decision on deciding "soon". Writing on wall.
Obama's decision -- and the re-thinking of that decision -- on immigration will echo for many  his famous/infamous declaration of a "red line" against Syria and its use of chemical weapons .  In both situations, Obama imposed a set of deadlines on himself that political and policy realities eventually made meeting virtually impossible.   (Sidebar: This same sort of danger in deadline/expectation setting is what brought Rick Perry low in that famous/infamous "oops" debate of the 2012  campaign. Never say you are going to name a list of things unless you know said list stone cold.)
And, in promising action prior to the election only to delay it for (at least what appears to be) largely political reasons, Obama has ensured that Republicans can keep the issue alive in the midterms no matter what.  "Make no mistake: President Obama plans to grant amnesty, it's just that he will cynically wait until after the election so as not to harm Senate Democrats like Jeanne Shaheen," said former Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown, who is challenging Shaheen this fall, in a statement Saturday morning.
President Obama has done his party no favors with how he handled the timing of his executive action on immigration.  His choice to delay the announcement until after the election is the least bad option available at the moment but Obama has only himself to blame for the lack of a good choices.
Chris Cillizza writes “The Fix,” a politics blog for the Washington Post. He also covers the White House.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410016345/1410016345000/1410016345 tracking: {authors=Chris Cillizza, blog_name=the-fix, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=how-president-obama-mishandled-immigration, post_id=109947, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 6, 2014 3:12:25 PM close date: Sep 20, 2014 3:12:25 PM

Unidentified plane spotted by Etihad flight over MumbaiPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 6, 2014 9:20 pm
An unidentified aircraft on Saturday caused a security scare in Mumbai airspace after it was spotted by an Etihad Airways flight and reported to the air traffic control (ATC) in Mumbai, official sources said.
The incident was also reported to the Chennai ATC to establish the identity of the plane, the sources said.
However, the sources did not divulge the make of the aircraft or whether it was a civilian or a military plane, as reported by the aircraft of the Etihad Airways which was flying from its home base of Abu Dhabi to Jakarta.
Investigations have been launched by the air traffic control, which is under the Airports Authority of India, and other security agencies, the sources said.
The incident caused panic among the aviation authorities as they were reminded of the 1995 Purulia arms drop case.
On the night of December 17, 1995, a Latvian aircraft dropped a large consignment of arms, including several hundred AK-47 rifles and over a million rounds of ammunition, on a large area in Jhalda, Ghatanga, Belamu, Maramu villages of Purulia district of West Bengal.
Several days later, when the plane re-entered Indian airspace, it was intercepted by the Indian Air Force MiG-21 and forced to land.
Five Latvian crew members and Peter Bleach, a British citizen and an ex Special Air Service operative-turned- mercenary, were arrested and imprisoned for life but released later. The alleged mastermind, Kim Davy, a Danish citizen, gave the slip and has not yet been arrested.

Dale Styen-Faf du Plessis duo wins tri-series for South AfricaThe Proteas passed their victory target with 55 balls to spare to win the one-day international series that also involved Zimbabwe. (Source: AP)
Reuters | Harare | Posted: September 6, 2014 9:14 pm
A superb spell of reverse-swing bowling from Dale Steyn and another fluent innings from Faf du Plessis helped South Africa cruise to a six-wicket victory over Australia in the final of the triangular series at the Harare Sports Club on Saturday.
Steyn took key wickets in recording figures of 4-34 as the Proteas limited Australia to 217-9 in their 50 overs.
South Africa always looked in control of their reply as Du Plessis finished with 96, just missing out on his fourth century in five matches and third in the series against Australia.
The Proteas passed their victory target with 55 balls to spare to win the one-day international series that also involved Zimbabwe.
Both sides had spoken of the importance of this series in the build-up to next year’s 50-over World Cup in Australia and New Zealand.
“The fact that we are starting to win games under pressure shows we are on the right track, but there is definitely room for improvement,” Proteas captain AB de Villiers said at the post-match presentation.
“We will try to get things 100 percent for the big tournament (World Cup).”
After South Africa had asked Australia to bat, they managed to contain the run rate and pick up wickets at regular intervals.
Both slow-bowling options worked well, with off-spinner Aaron Phangiso going for 36 in his 10 overs and leg-spinner Imran Tahir recording figures of 1-40.
But the Australians were put on the back foot when Steyn returned for a second spell midway through the innings.
He bowled opener Aaron Finch for 54 with a vicious inswinging delivery and did the same on the very next ball to trap the dangerous Glenn Maxwell leg before wicket.
That triggered an Australian collapse that left them floundering on 144-8, before James Faulkner (39) and Mitchell Starc (29 not out) put on 71 for the ninth wicket to add some respectability to the score.
“We were 70 to 80 runs short, but we were outplayed,” Australia captain George Bailey said.
“It was challenging to bat at the start, but once again, credit to South Africa, their spinners were tight and their top four almost all got starts.”
The Proteas looked to be positive from the start in their reply and after the early loss of Quinton de Kock (seven), Hashim Amla and Du Plessis added 98 for the second wicket with the test captain out for 51.
An experiment to move Wayne Parnell up the order as a pinch-hitter was a failure as he took 24 balls to score just six while AB de Villiers took just 41 deliveries for his 57 not out to make a mockery of the plan.
Du Plessis, named Man of the Series, was out four runs short of his hundred, continued…

Feel like spitting on insane MPs  says scribe who met Hafiz SaeedFreelance journalist Ved Pratap Vaidik on Saturday kicked off yet another controversy by terming as “insane” all MPs who had condemned his meeting with terror accused Hafiz Saeed and said he felt like “spitting on their faces”.
 
Vaidik – who had met the 2008 Mumbai attack mastermind on July 2 at Lahore – even went to the extent of saying that he would “spit on all 545 MPs” if they supported the parliamentarians who want him declared as “traitor and anti-national”.
 
His potentially explosive comments came during the last day of three-day Ajmer Literature Festival here, around 130 km from Jaipur.
 
Vaidik, 70, added that if the government wants to send him to jail then he wants to see former prime minister Manmohan Singh in his adjacent cell in Tihar jail as the latter was also “guilty to the same degree” by talking to former Pakistani president General Musharraf who had engineered the killing of hundreds of Indian soldiers in Kargil.
 
The issue of the Vaidik’s meeting with Saeed had even rocked Parliament with opposition parties  saying it could not have taken place without the knowledge of authorities. The government had denied the allegation.
Ved Pratap Vaidik at his Gurgaon residence. (Sanjeev Verma/HT)

Indian bank branches in UK face closure under tougher rulesIndian bank branches in UK face closure
Prasun Sonwalkar , Hindustan Times  London, September 06, 2014
First Published: 19:37 IST(6/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:40 IST(7/9/2014)
Comments
The Bank of England on Friday issued tougher rules that could lead to the closure of several bank branches including some headquartered in India.
Banks need to follow the new regime designed to reduce the impact of the potential failure of their parent banks in India and other non-EU countries on the UK.
The Prudential Regulatory Authority (PRA) of the Bank of England had issued a consultation paper outlining the new rules in February. The consultation ended in May and the new rules came into force from Friday.
The rules affect ‘branches’ of international banks and not ‘subsidiaries’. According to the Bank of England, there are 145 branches of international banks operating in Britain, accounting for 31 per cent (2.4 trillion pounds) of the total assets of the banking system.
The five Indian banks who operate ‘branches’ in the UK and cater mainly to the large Indian diaspora are Bank of Baroda, Bank of India, Export-Import Bank of India, Syndicate Bank and State Bank of India. Together, they hold millions of pounds in deposits.
The four Indian banks who operate as ‘subsidiaries’ are Union Bank of India, Punjab National Bank, ICICI and Axis Bank.
In order to continue functioning in the UK, Indian banks with branches will have to go through a lengthy overhaul of their legal structures into subsidiaries or deliver what is called “a very high level of assurance” from the bank regulator in India.
For branches from outside the EU, the Bank of England said that the new regime focuses on three main factors: Whether the home state supervision of the firm is equivalent to that of the PRA; the branch’s UK activities such as whether they will undertake wholesale or retail banking activities; whether the PRA has assurance from the home supervisor over the firm’s resolution plan in a way that reduces the impact on financial stability in the UK.
It said: “Where the PRA is satisfied of these factors, it will also need to have a clear and agreed split of prudential supervisory responsibilities with the home state supervisor. Where the PRA is not content, it will consider the most appropriate course of action, which could include refusing authorisation of a new branch or cancelling an authorisation of an existing branch”.

Now  This Airline Offers Tickets for Rs 599  Rs 1 999Jack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
New Delhi: SpiceJet has launched two new slabs of competitive basic airfare rates, as other Indian carriers extended dates for booking low cost tickets over the past few days.
The low one-way base fare tickets of the no-frill carrier start at Rs 599 for travel between January 16 and October 24 next year. SpiceJet is also offering all-inclusive fares from Rs 1,999 for travel between October 7, 2014 and January 15, 2015. ( Check out the offers from other airlines )
For the Rs 599 offer, taxes and other fees and charges, barring fuel surcharge, would be additional, but the Rs 1,999 offer is all-inclusive.
Ticket under both schemes can be bought till September 10.
"SpiceJet has been one of the main drivers of demand stimulation and market growth this year... This demand stimulation has been a win-win, with airlines earning more revenues, with travellers getting fantastic deals, and with the travel industry and economy at large getting a boost," SpiceJet CEO Sanjiv Kapoor said.
This move by the no-frill carrier, which has been making such offers since January, comes in the wake of several foreign and Indian carriers vying with each other to attract Indian flyers by offering discounted tickets.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 12:08 (IST)

Gold Extends Losses for 7th Straight DayYou are here: Home Industries
Gold Extends Losses for Seventh Day; Down Rs 20 on Sustained Selling
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 06, 2014 15:00 (IST)
With Kick, Salman Khan Knocks Down More Box-Office Records
New Delhi: Extending losses for a seventh straight session on Saturday, gold shed another Rs 20 to close at Rs 27,750 per 10 grams in the national capital on sustained selling by stockists against easing demand from jewellers and retailers, even as the metal recovered in global markets.
However, silver recovered by Rs 75 to Rs 42,075 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units.
Sustained stockists selling against falling demand from jewellers and retailers mainly kept pressure on gold prices but a better trend in the global markets capped the losses, traders said.
Globally, gold rose 0.1 per cent to close at $1,267.30 an ounce and silver 0.1 per cent to $19.15 an ounce in New York last night.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity declined further by Rs 20 each to Rs 27,750 and Rs 27,550 per 10 grams, respectively. It had lost Rs 530 in the previous six sessions.
Sovereigns, however, found some buying from retailers and rose by Rs 50 to Rs 24,550 per piece of 8 grams.
On the other hand, silver ready recovered by Rs 75 to Rs 42,075 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 425 to Rs 42,075 per kg on speculators buying. The white metal had lost Rs 800 in last four days.
Meanwhile, silver coins maintained a steady trend at Rs 73,000 for buying and Rs 74,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Story first published on: September 06, 2014 14:58 (IST)

BSE to Shift 74 Scrips to Restricted Category From Sepember 9You are here: Home Market
BSE to Shift 74 Scrips to Restricted Category From September 9
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 06, 2014 19:40 (IST)
ITC Shares Fall amid Reports of Tough Tobacco Policy
Mumbai: Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) will shift securities of 74 companies to the restricted trading segment from September 9, to ensure safety of the investors.
The stocks to be transferred to the trade-for-trade or the 'T' group segment include Panasonic Appliances India Company, Saregama India, Shriram Asset Management Company and JBM Auto.
Under the trade-for-trade segment, no speculative trading is allowed and delivery of shares and payment of consideration amount are mandatory.
The move is "with a view to take preventive surveillance measure to ensure market safety and safeguard the interest of the investors", BSE said in a statement on Friday.
"Trading Members are requested to take adequate precaution while trading in above scrips, as the settlement will be done on trade-to-trade basis and no netting off positions will be allowed," the bourse said.
According to BSE, "The transfer of scrips for trading and settlement on a trade-to-trade basis is purely on account of market surveillance measure and it should not be construed as an adverse action against the company."
"This is a temporary measure and will be reviewed periodically depending on the market conditions," it added.
Further, BSE said it would shift securities of 87 firms Emkay Global Financial Services out of the restricted segment with effect from September 9.
The bourse also said that securities of 252 companies, including Ramco Systems and Bharatiya Global Infomedia, would continue in the trade-for-trade segment.
Story first published on: September 06, 2014 00:50 (IST)

Northeast need development for peace  says VK SinghUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: The northeast region needs development to bring about peace, Minister Of Development Of North Eastern Region, VK Singh said on Saturday. "Northeast region is full of natural resources... development starts everything and if it does not exist, everything will fall. This region needs development which can bring peace," Singh said, addressing entrepreneurs at a programme.
Stressing that development was a major issue in the region, he underlined the need for development in three categories - infrastructure, education and health. Singh also emphasised on manufacturing sector, saying entrepreneurs need to set up units in the northeast. "We need to boost manufacturing sector. If manufacturing sector is not promoted, the economy will get affected. PM Narendra Modi has also said of this. We have to motivate entrepreneurs to set up their units in northeast region," he said.
In the next few years, there be a major change in sectors like education, infrastructure and others, he said. Speaking on the occasion former Meghalaya chief minister and ex-Lok Sabha Speaker PA Sangma said that the Indian Army has failed to bring peace in the northeast and only entrepreneurs could do it.
"We need to boost manufacturing sector. If manufacturing sector is not promoted, the economy will get affected. PM Narendra Modi has also said of this. We have to motivate entrepreneurs to set up their units in northeast region," he said.
"Indian Army has failed to bring peace in the northeast in spite of Armed Forces Special Power Act and they could not... they will not... they cannot... I can tell you. Police action and Army action can never solve the problem of northeast. Who will solve...you (entrepreneur)," Sangma said.

Delay on Red Line due to disabled train in WheatonBy Rachel Sadon September 6 Follow @rachel_sadon
Updated: 12:12 p.m.
Metrorail riders may experience minor residual delays on the Red Line toward Shady Grove due to a brake malfunction near the Wheaton station, Metro said.
The train has been cleared from the track, a spokesman said.
Normal service has returned to the Blue Line after an earlier train malfunction at the Smithsonian station, and the Orange and Silver Lines after an earlier disabled train at East Falls Church, according to Metro.
Rachel Sadon is the local news editor for Express
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=local, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410018999/1410018999000/1410018999 tracking: {authors=Rachel Sadon, blog_name=dr-gridlock, content_category=Local, in_url_headline=delay-on-red-line-due-to-disabled-train-outside-wheaton, post_id=29617, section={section=local, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 6, 2014 3:56:39 PM close date: Sep 20, 2014 3:56:39 PM

Apple recruits renowned designer Marc NewsonApple recruits renowned designer Marc Newson
PTI
Tweet
New York, Sept 6:  
Apple has recruited renowned Australian designer Marc Newson, whose creations have been featured by museums such as New York’s famous MoMA.
“Marc is without question one of the most influential designers of this generation,” Jonathan Ive, Apple’s senior vice president of design, told Vanity Fair magazine’s website.
“He is extraordinarily talented. We are particularly excited to formalise our collaboration as we enjoy working together so much and have found our partnership so effective.”
An Apple spokesperson confirmed the comments.
Newson — deemed by Time magazine in 2005 to be among the planet’s 100 most influential people — is especially well known for his furniture, in particular chairs with rounded forms.
Some have sold for hundreds of thousands of dollars at auction or been incorporated into collections of institutions such as New York’s Museum of Modern Art or the Centre Pompidou in Paris.
Newson, based in London, has worked with Nike, Qantas Airways and Ford, among others.
His website, meanwhile, highlights a series of watches amid persistent rumours that Apple could be unveiling an “iWatch” at its mystery—shrouded product launch event Tuesday.
The US technology giant’s snapping up of Newson comes on the heels of other recent hires including Angela Ahrendts, the long-serving former chief executive of Burberry.
As part of its $3 billion deal for Beats, the high-end audio equipment and streaming music service, it also brought on board the talent of Beats brains Dr. Dre, a rap musician, and producer Jimmy Iovine.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)

Amit Shah to address election rally in KolkataAmit Shah to address election rally in Kolkata
Abhishek Law
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept 6:  
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) President, Amit Shah will address an election rally here in the city on Sunday, days before Assembly by-polls take place in West Bengal.
Bypolls for two seats – one in Kolkata (Chowringee) and another in North 24 Parganas district (Basirhat Dakshin) will be held on September 13.
Shah, who is likely to arrive in the city on Saturday, will also attend the party’s two-day long State committee meeting. The State Committee meeting will begin on Satuday.
At 11 am, the BJP President will deliver the concluding speech at party’s state committee meeting. This will be followed by the rally at 2 pm; after which he is expected to leave for Ranchi.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Most Popular

AP plans to reduce VAT on aviation fuel  proposes 3 no frills airportsAP plans to reduce VAT on aviation fuel, proposes 3 no frills airports
V. Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 6:  
The Andhra Pradesh Finance Minister Yanamala Ramakrishnudu today said that the Government is considering bringing down the VAT on aviation turbine fuel from the present 16 per cent to 1 per cent and has proposed three no frills airports in the State.
The revenue potential of aviation turbine fuel in the residuary State of Andhra Pradesh is about Rs 27 crore per annum when 16 per cent VAT is levied. If the VAT is reduced on ATF as planned, the revenue loss is likely to be about Rs 25.32 crore, he said in the State Assembly today.
In order to improve connectivity to Tier-2 and tier-3 cities, the State Government has initiated proposals to promote regional Greenfield airports.
As a part of the process to strengthen the infrastructure, the State Government has proposed to set up no-frills airports at Kuppam, Nellore and Srikkulam.
The Centre has been requested to direct AAI for extending necessary assistance for development of these no-frills airports, he said.
He said that the State Government has entered into memorandum of understating for upgradation of airports at Vijayawada, Rajahmundry and Kadapa with the Airports Authority of India. The AAI is taking up development of these airports.
The State Government has requested the Centre for upgradation of Visakhapatnam, Vijayawada and Tirupati airports to international standards as per the AP Regorganisation Act, 2014. The existing airport at Visakhaptnam is operated by the Indian Navy.
The AAI team has inspected four Government identified sites for development of Greenfield airports at Visakhaptnam during the first week of August.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

If communal tension persists  BJP will form govt in UP: Amit ShahApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Gujarat delegation visit Canada to attract investorsApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Charles Plosser  Fed s lone dissenter  warns again on risks of waiting to hike ratesApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Markets continue to gain for fourth straight weekJinsy Mathew |  Mumbai Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 09:20 PM IST
Markets continue to gain for fourth straight week
BHEL, Tata Motors, HDFC, Hindalco and ITC were the top losers; consumer durables, capital goods, IT and health care indices gained
Markets edged higher for the fourth consecutive week, though the benchmark indices closed in the red through the last two trading sessions, retreating from record highs amid profit booking. The markets snapped their intra-week winning streak after foreign investors sold index futures worth Rs 591 crore ($97.9 million) and stock futures worth Rs 677 crore on Thursday, exchange data showed.
During the week, crude oil prices fell. This is good news for India, as a lower crude oil price will help address fiscal woes and narrow the country’s current account deficit.
For the week, the 30-share Sensex gained 289 points, or 1.46 per cent, to close at 27,027, while the 50-share Nifty added 132 points, or 1.67 per cent, to close the week at 8, 087. Broader markets continued to attract sizeable investments through the week. The mid-cap index rose four per cent, while the small-cap index gained 3.5 per cent, continuing their outperforming trend.
During the week, the European Central Bank (ECB), at a governing council meeting in Frankfurt, reduced all three of its primary interest rates by 10 basis points. Vinod Nair, head (fundamental research), Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services Ltd, said ECB’s new stimulus measures would benefit equity markets across the world, especially emerging markets. Considering the improvement of India’s fundamentals relative to emerging markets, the markets here would benefit from the stimulus, he added.
The rupee, which closed at 60.39 a dollar, recorded its fifth consecutive weekly rise.
Sectors and stocks
On a weekly basis, the only pocket of disappointment among the BSE sectoral indices was the FMCG (fast-moving consumer goods) index, which fell 0.6 per cent.
The consumer durables, capital goods, information technology and health care indices were the top gainers, rising three-five per cent.
During the week, banking and automobile stocks underperformed, with gains of a per cent each. In the previous week, these were among the top gainers.
Among Sensex stocks, Cipla gained the most, rising eight per cent after the launch of anti-asthma metered dose inhalers in Germany and Sweden. Bharti Airtel was the other major gainer, up eight per cent after the company said its subsidiary had signed an agreement to acquire over 2.7 million subscribers of yuMobile.
Hero MotoCorp, Larsen & Tubro and Axis Bank, up five-six per cent, were the other notable gainers.
FMCG major ITC and HUL ended down one per cent each. Metal majors Tata Steel and Hindalco slipped 0.1 per cent and 1.4 per cent, respectively. ICICI Bank, HDFC and Bhel, down 0.5-seven per cent, rounded off the list of losers.
Week ahead
Power and metal shares will be in the spotlight, ahead of the Supreme Court’s decision on coal block allocations during 1993-2010, scheduled for Tuesday.
Investors are likely to focus on consumer price inflation for August and data on the Index of Industrial Production for July, due on Friday. Also, the markets will take cues from their global counterparts reacting to the US jobs data, to be released after market hours on Friday.
Oil prices, at about a 14-month low, will be tracked closely. Any further correction will be an added positive for Indian markets. Geopolitical risks will continue to weigh on market sentiment.
 Advertisements

Wipro to invest in robotics  artificial intelligenceItika Sharma Punit |  Bangalore Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 09:29 PM IST
Wipro to invest in robotics, artificial intelligence
Company identifies areas like cognitive technologies, artificial intelligence, man-machine interface, robotics
Wipro, the Bangalore-based information technology major, is trying to boost internal innovation. The country’s third largest IT services company has identified focus areas for initiatives in this regard and has also allocated budgets for these. Among others, it is investing in innovation in cognitive technologies, artificial intelligence, man-machine interface, robotics, smart devices and open source. The company believes these could become revenue-accretive in two to five years.
“Historically, companies have focused on ‘run the business’ and ‘change the business’. With the disruption  around us today, innovation has become of key importance. That is the reason why at Wipro, innovation is now directly under the chief executive’s radar,” K R Sanjiv, chief technology officer (CTO), told Business Standard.
IF IN DOUBT, INNOVATE
Wipro is investing in innovation in cognitive technologies, artificial intelligence, man-machine interface, robotics, smart devices and open source
The company believes these could become revenue-accretive in two to five years
The company says it wishes to ensure no silos or divides
The initial corpus of $100 million will be invested in opportunities in start-up companies focused on niche technologies
Adding: “Typically, the investment budgets for companies used to be 60 per cent for running the business and 40 per cent for the changes that are visible in the marketplace today. Now, we are also seeing a direct budget allocation for innovation. This is happening at Wipro as well.” While ‘run the business’ refers to the core bread-and-butter IT services work, ‘change the business’ means new technologies like analytics and big data. These are seeing some traction in the market but are not yet huge revenue churners.
Wipro says it has no plan for a separate ‘lab’ on these, unlike some peers such as Infosys. The company says it wishes to ensure no internal silos or divides. “You will not see a ‘Wipro Labs’ as a separate entity. The CTO’s office has a charter for driving change and the strategy office has the charter for building ecosystems. Both will be very strongly intertwined with the business units,” said Sanjiv.
Experts believe jugglery between running core businesses and preparing for the future is crucial for Indian IT service companies. Especially with the not-so-successful example of Infosys, the second largest in the sector. It had launched ‘Infosys 3.0’ a few years earlier, to prepare it for technologies of the future. However, it lost sight of its core business, resulting in the growth rate dropping to record lows. Once a sector bellwether, Infosys is struggling to return to industry-level growth.
Over recent months, Wipro has increasingly shown interest in benefiting from innovation in the technology system. A few months earlier, it followed the footsteps of some global peers by setting up a venture capital fund to look at investing in early-to-middle stage technology start-ups globally. The initiative is being driven by Chief Strategy Officer Rishad Premji, also the elder son of Chairman Azim Premji. The initial corpus of $100 million will be invested in opportunities in start-up companies focused on niche technologies such as data, open source and industrial internet.

Kissinger’s call for American leadershipSeptember 5, 2014 1:26 pm
Lionel Barber reviews Henry Kissinger’s ‘World Order’
By Lionel Barber
The former secretary of state to two US presidents calls for American leadership at a time of international disorder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/76fc7bb0-341e-11e4-8832-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bitcoin’s wasted powerSeptember 5, 2014 3:17 pm
Bitcoin’s wasted power – and how it could be used to heat homes
By Izabella Kaminska
Could an energy intensive, electrical mining rig offer a smart solution to heating our homes?
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/384a349a-32a5-11e4-93c6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

This judge in hot seat prefers personal space over making friendsPrint
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 9:35 pm
Justice Handyala Lakshminarayanaswamy Dattu likes his strong cup of coffee with Kannada music playing in the background. With very few friends and minimal outings, he likes his personal space as it gives him the much-needed break from the pile of case papers to read his books.
Set to become the 42nd Chief Justice of India, Justice Dattu, 63, acknowledges all eyes are already on him as he is hearing some of the most important cases in the Supreme Court. He is adjudicating upon the fate of Delhi assembly, the NDA government’s efforts to bring back black money, monitoring of Gujarat riots cases, row over Ram Setu, 2G spectrum allocation cases and most recently and controversies surrounding CBI Director Ranjit Sinha’s visitors’ logbook among others.
But when one meets Justice Dattu, he gets to hear all sorts of stories from him, except those emanating from the court rooms. Describing former Chief Justice of India S Rajendra Babu as his “guru”, Justice Dattu says he learnt the most important principle of his life from his guru — One has to be good at his profession but more importantly, he has to be a good human being.
Proud of being a part of Indian judiciary that he considers to be the best in the world, Justice Dattu, speaking to The Indian Express, says that remaining grounded and focused on his work is what he treats as the basics of his life. When people ask his daughter about her father’s job, she describes him as an “employee of the Supreme Court”.
The only judge in the apex court who very often addresses lawyers by their first names and keeps the ambience of his court room untailored, Justice Dattu has immense devotion for Lord Ganapati, for he says the god destroys the ego and enables people move on in life with simplicity.
Born in a small village, Chikkapattanagere, in Karnataka’s Chikmagalur district, Justice Dattu completed his early education in Kadur, Tarikere and Birur, before moving to Bangalore to pursue higher studies. His father H L Narayanaswamy was an English teacher. He completed his LL.B from Bangalore and started practising since 1975, handling all types of matters — civil, criminal, tax and Constitutional cases.
He appeared in Karnataka High Court as a government pleader and as a senior standing counsel for Income Tax department before being elevated as a judge of the High Court in 1995. In February 2007, Justice Dattu was elevated as the Chief Justice of the Chhattisgarh High Court and shortly afterwards shifted in the same capacity to the Kerala High Court. He was appointed as a Supreme Court judge in December 2008.
After taking over on September 28 as the Chief Justice of India, he will enjoy tenure of a little over one year before he retires on December 2, 2015.
Associated with an array of significant verdicts, Justice Dattu pronounced a landmark verdict in the 2G case when he granted bail to five corporate biggies while ruling that “bail is the rule and jail an exception”. Authoring this verdict continued…

Last ODI win will boost our chances in T20: MorganPress Trust of India | Birmingham | Posted: September 6, 2014 8:41 pm
England Twenty20 captain Eoin Morgan on Saturday said his side will take a lot of confidence from its 41-run win over India in the fifth and final ODI when the two sides meet for one last time this summer in a T20 International, in Birmingham on Sunday.
India won the five-ODI series 3-1, but England managed to post a much-needed win in the last one-dayer at Leeds Saturday to avoid a whitewash.
“It was a huge boost. We had not competed in the first three games we’ve played against India. They are a very strong side and they did not let us play and all credit to them.
“But for us to stand up Saturday and for Joe Root to put in the performance that he did, in difficult circumstances and given the situation when he came in, it was exceptional. We can take a lot of confidence from that,” said Morgan at the pre-match press conference.
Middle order batsman Morgan’s own form though has been a bit of a pale shadow. Thanks to England’s top-order troubles, he has failed to get going. The hosts could cross the 250-run mark only once in the ODI series and that to in the final one-dayer.
“It’s been extremely disappointing. I’ve worked incredibly hard this year on my all-round game but I have been light on runs. I can’t pinpoint exactly where it’s going wrong,” the T20 captain said.
“I’ve found different ways of getting out the majority of the time. It’s never been easy as international cricket isn’t. I’ve gone through periods likes this before and I’ve always come back well, so I’m quite confident I will,” he added.
Asked if this might affect his captaincy, Morgan replied, “The scores I’ve had when I’ve captained, it hasn’t seemed to have affected my batting at all. But then again, we only go by runs.”
Alastair Cook also went through a similar phase as the England Test and ODI captain this summer. While he was able to turn it around in the longer format, the 50-over format escaped Cook and the ECB have scheduled a crisis meeting early next week to consider the ODI series loss to India.
“Cook has been exceptional this summer. He’s been under the pump quite a lot and in challenging times in English cricket at the moment, he’s come out really well. I think with the transition as well the team is going through, it can be difficult at times especially being the captain,” said Morgan.
“But given the experience that he’s had both in his playing and captaining career, he’s been outstanding dealing with it.”
When asked pertinently if Cook was indeed the right man to lead England to the World Cup, Morgan replied, “Yeah, absolutely. I have confidence in him. I have a huge amount of respect for him, both as a player and as a captain, and again I look forward to him leading the side out in Sri Lanka and in the World Cup.”
Recently, Sir Ian Botham continued…

Styen-Faf duo wins tri-series for South AfricaThe Proteas passed their victory target with 55 balls to spare to win the one-day international series that also involved Zimbabwe. (Source: AP)
Reuters | Harare | Posted: September 6, 2014 9:14 pm
A superb spell of reverse-swing bowling from Dale Steyn and another fluent innings from Faf du Plessis helped South Africa cruise to a six-wicket victory over Australia in the final of the triangular series at the Harare Sports Club on Saturday.
Steyn took key wickets in recording figures of 4-34 as the Proteas limited Australia to 217-9 in their 50 overs.
South Africa always looked in control of their reply as Du Plessis finished with 96, just missing out on his fourth century in five matches and third in the series against Australia.
The Proteas passed their victory target with 55 balls to spare to win the one-day international series that also involved Zimbabwe.
Both sides had spoken of the importance of this series in the build-up to next year’s 50-over World Cup in Australia and New Zealand.
“The fact that we are starting to win games under pressure shows we are on the right track, but there is definitely room for improvement,” Proteas captain AB de Villiers said at the post-match presentation.
“We will try to get things 100 percent for the big tournament (World Cup).”
After South Africa had asked Australia to bat, they managed to contain the run rate and pick up wickets at regular intervals.
Both slow-bowling options worked well, with off-spinner Aaron Phangiso going for 36 in his 10 overs and leg-spinner Imran Tahir recording figures of 1-40.
But the Australians were put on the back foot when Steyn returned for a second spell midway through the innings.
He bowled opener Aaron Finch for 54 with a vicious inswinging delivery and did the same on the very next ball to trap the dangerous Glenn Maxwell leg before wicket.
That triggered an Australian collapse that left them floundering on 144-8, before James Faulkner (39) and Mitchell Starc (29 not out) put on 71 for the ninth wicket to add some respectability to the score.
“We were 70 to 80 runs short, but we were outplayed,” Australia captain George Bailey said.
“It was challenging to bat at the start, but once again, credit to South Africa, their spinners were tight and their top four almost all got starts.”
The Proteas looked to be positive from the start in their reply and after the early loss of Quinton de Kock (seven), Hashim Amla and Du Plessis added 98 for the second wicket with the test captain out for 51.
An experiment to move Wayne Parnell up the order as a pinch-hitter was a failure as he took 24 balls to score just six while AB de Villiers took just 41 deliveries for his 57 not out to make a mockery of the plan.
Du Plessis, named Man of the Series, was out four runs short of his hundred, continued…

Hamilton on pole in Monza  Rosberg secondIt's Hamilton's fifth pole of the season and 36th of his career. He hasn't started first since the Spanish GP back in May. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Monza | Posted: September 6, 2014 8:06 pm
Lewis Hamilton broke Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg’s recent stranglehold on pole position by qualifying ahead of the championship leader at the Italian Grand Prix on Saturday – although the rivalry between the pair remains as heated as ever.
Rosberg had taken four straight poles and six of the last seven.
Hamilton clocked 1 minute, 24.109 seconds at the Monza circuit, Rosberg was second in 1:24.383 and Valtteri Bottas of Williams qualified third in 1:24.697.
It’s Hamilton’s fifth pole of the season and 36th of his career. He hasn’t started first since the Spanish GP back in May.
“Tomorrow (Sunday) will be really good to get another 1-2 for the team,” Hamilton said. “And I hope we have some competition as that will be great for the fans.”
Rosberg enters Sunday’s race with a 29-point lead over Hamilton in the drivers’ standings – the biggest it has been all season.
A big part of that gap was built in the controversial Belgian GP two weeks ago, when Rosberg finished second after crashing into Hamilton early and sending his teammate out of the incident-packed race.
Rosberg didn’t seem interested in congratulating Hamilton on his pole position. Likewise, Hamilton appeared to do his best to ignore Rosberg after both drivers got out of their cars.
After taking off his helmet, Hamilton flashed a victory sign to photographers while Rosberg appeared to frown behind him.
Rosberg was disciplined by Mercedes for the incident at Spa but no team orders were installed.
“That was the decision last week so it continues as usual,” Hamilton said.
Rosberg reportedly received a hefty fine but said it wouldn’t affect him here.
“Second place is still a good position for tomorrow,” Rosberg said. “It’s a long race and anything can happen. We just need to work toward the race and having a good start.”
Racing conditions were ideal, with sunny skies and a temperature of 25 degrees Celsius (77 Fahrenheit). More good weather was forecast for Sunday’s race.
Felipe Massa of Williams qualified fourth and Kevin Magnussen of McLaren was fifth.
Home Ferrari favorite Fernando Alonso was only seventh, defending champion Sebastian Vettel was eighth and his Red Bull teammate Daniel Ricciardo, who won the past two races, was ninth.
Mercedes’ dominance was clear on the sport’s fastest track, where speeds average about 250 kph (155 mph) and top speeds exceed 350 kph (around 220 mph).
Hamilton missed an hour of practice on Friday due to electrical problems and Rosberg was slowed in Saturday’s third and final practice with a gearbox glitch, making their performances all the more impressive.
“Inside the garage they’ve obviously been through the difficult times with me and they’ve done a remarkable job in bouncing back,” Hamilton said. “It’s great to have a 1-2.”
Daniil continued…

Di Maria claims Madrid asked him to skip WC finalAngel di Maria reveals another reason to leave behind Madrid on Saturday as he revealed how he was asked to not to play the World Cup final. (Source: Reuters)
Reuters | Buenos Aires | Posted: September 6, 2014 5:00 pm | Updated: September 6, 2014 5:01 pm
Angel Di Maria has claimed his former club Real Madrid put pressure on Argentina not to play him in the World Cup final in another bitter chapter in his departure from the Spanish giants.
Di Maria joined Manchester United from Real last month for a British record fee of 59.7 million pounds ($97.45 million) with the Spanish club’s president Florentino Perez saying the winger’s demands for a new contract were too steep.
“There was a letter from Madrid that arrived at 11 in the morning of the match day, we were due to play at 4 in the afternoon… was putting ice on my leg to be in the final,” Di Maria told Argentine radio station America on Friday, suggesting the club did not want him to aggravate a leg injury.
“I tore up the letter as soon as it was given to me and didn’t take any notice of it, I didn’t care what might happen, but it was (coach) Alejandro’s (Sabella) decision,” he said.
“I didn’t want to make any demands of him but I also didn’t want to leave the team a man short five minutes from a very important match.”
Di Maria, whose goal gave Argentina a 1-0 win over Switzerland in the last 16, suffered a leg muscle injury during the 1-0 quarter-final win over Belgium and took no further part in the tournament.
Argentina lost the final 1-0 after extra time to Germany at the Maracana in Rio de Janeiro on July 13.
“I suffered a lot that morning, it was the worst thing that’s happened to me in my life in footballing (terms) because reaching another final is very difficult, not to say impossible,” Di Maria said.
“The letter was handed to (late Argentine FA president) Julio (Grondona) and he said if I wanted to play I should do so anyway. From what I understand it had something to do with insurance.”
Later on Friday, Julio Grondona Jr accused Perez of wanting to intimidate the AFA into not fielding Di Maria, who was man of the match in Real’s Champions league victory in the final against Atletico Madrid in May.
“We received the letter signed by Florentino Perez saying he did not allow Di Maria to play… We called Di Maria and together agreed to tear it up,” said Grondona’s son, president of Argentine first division club Arsenal which was founded by his father, and a member of Argentina’s World Cup delegation.
“We were pressured.”
Di Maria, outstanding in Argentina’s 4-2 friendly win over Germany in Duesseldorf on Wednesday, denied ever wanting to leave Real and once again praised former team mate Cristiano Ronaldo for backing him continued…

J&K flood toll at 107 | Jammu-Srinagar highw...Border Roads Organisation
(300-km-long Jammu-Srinagar…)
JAMMU: The 300-km-long Jammu-Srinagar National Highway was closed for vehicular traffic for the third consecutive day today due to landslides at various places on the road, police said.
The highway was closed on Thursday due to landslides, washing of road patches and flooding at various places, police said today.
Hundreds of vehicles, including those carrying passengers, were stranded on the highway due to the closure, they said.
Men and machines of Border Roads Organisation were working to clear the highway, they added.
Over a dozen inter-district roads were also closed due to landslides, washing away of stretches, breaches and flooding in Doda, Kishtwar, Ramban, Samba, Jammu, Udhampur, Reasi, Rajouri, Poonch and Kathua districts of Jammu region, police said.
Police has asked people to avoid travelling on roads in flood-hit areas for the next couple of days.
Heavy to moderate rains have been witnessed in the state since the intervening night of September 2 and 3, resulting in floods and subsequent loss of life and properties.
The death toll in the floods has reached 100 in the state.
Rainfall continued throughout the night till today in Jammu and in mountainous districts, making the flood rescue operations difficult, police said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Washington S Ryan Clark on Houston WR Andre Johnson: ‘One of the best receivers of our era’At 33, Houston’s WR Andre Johnson poses daunting challenge for Washington’s defensive backs
By Liz Clarke
Comments
Andre Johnson. (AP)
Washington’s defense enters Sunday’s season-opener at Houston with no shortage of respect for wide receiver Andre Johnson.
Some remember the 6-foot-3 Johnson out-leaping safety Reed Doughty in the end zone for the catch that forced overtime in the Houston’s eventual 30-27 victory the last time the teams met, Sept. 19, 2010. Johnson finished the game with 12 receptions for 158 yards.
The third overall pick in the 2003 draft, Johnson has played his entire 12-year pro career for the Texans, with no sign that his production is waning. He holds the Texans’ record for receptions (927), reception yards (12,661) and touchdown catches (61). And he was among the few bright spots amid the team’s NFL-worst 2-14 record last season, with 109 catches for 1,407 yards.
The task of primary coverage will likely fall to veteran cornerback DeAngelo Hall, whose familiarity with Johnson dates to their days in the former Big East, when Johnson played for Miami and Hall for Virginia Tech.
“He has been a great receiver in this league for a while,” Hall said. “I definitely have some history with him, and I’m going to enjoy going out there and matching up with him when opportunity presents itself. I know he’s a big-play guy. I know they’re going to try to get him the ball. It’s on us to keep him out the end zone and prevent big plays and do what we have to do to win this game.”
Sunday’s game will be the first in a Texans uniform for quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick, who started nine games for Tennessee last season. That makes game-planning a bit tricky, along with the fact that it’s also the NFL head coaching debut of Bill O’Brien, a former New England offensive coordinator and most recently head coach at Penn State.
Johnson, however, needs no introduction to Redskins fans or defenders.
“He’s one of the best wide receivers of our era — an all-Pro player who has done it time and time again,” veteran safety Ryan Clark said flatly. “For us, it’s about trying to see how he’ll be used with this new system. It’ll be a chess match all day. Push comes to shove, we’ll just run and tackle him.”
 

Plane Carrying About 100 Americans Diverted To IranPlane Carrying Americans Lands In Dubai After Diverted To Iran
Reuters
Updated:
09/05/2014  7:59 pm EDT
This picture taken on August 17, 2012 shows a Boeing 737-800 from Emirati low cost airline Fly Dubai taking off from Kabul International Airport, in Kabul . AFP PHOTO / ALEXANDER KLEIN        (Photo credit should read ALEXANDER KLEIN/AFP/GettyImages) | AFP via Getty Images
reddit
WASHINGTON, Sept 5 (Reuters) - A chartered aircraft carrying about 100 Americans from the U.S. airbase at Bagram, Afghanistan, has left for Dubai after it was diverted to Iran because of issues with its flight plan, a U.S. official and the Fly Dubai airline said on Friday.
"It ... has taken off," the U.S. official said of the aircraft. The plane had left Bagram for Dubai several hours late but failed to update its flight plan, the official said.
When Iranian civil aviation officials identified the plane, they could not find it in their system because it was supposed to have flown through hours earlier, the official said.
Iranian officials first asked it to turn around and then to land at Bandar Abbas, Iran, when told it did not have enough fuel to return to Afghanistan, the official said.
Fly Dubai confirmed in a statement its charter "is now en route to Dubai."
Washington and Tehran have had an antagonistic relationship for decades. The United States cut diplomatic ties with Iran in April 1980, five months after Iranian students occupied the U.S. Embassy in Tehran and took U.S. citizens hostage. Fifty-two Americans were ultimately held for 444 days.
The two countries are now at odds over the Iranian nuclear program, which Washington suspects is aimed at building a bomb but which Iran says is for strictly civilian purposes.
Washington, which has spearheaded sanctions against Tehran for its refusal to give up sensitive uranium enrichment work, is negotiating with other major powers to try to get Iran to curb its nuclear work in exchange for sanctions relief.
(Reporting by David Brunnstrom, David Alexander and Arshad Mohammed; Editing by Sandra Maler, Peter Cooney and Lisa Shumaker)
More:

Russia vows to react to new EU sanctionsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Unit 5 of RAPS becomes worlds 2nd longest running reactorUnit 5 of RAPS becomes world’s 2nd longest running reactor
PTI
Tweet
Rawatbhata (Rajasthan), Sept 6:  
India’s nuclear power programme today reached a new milestone after Unit 5 of the Rajasthan Atomic Power Station become the second longest running reactor in the world by being in operation for 765 days continuously.
The Unit 5 of the Rajasthan Atomic Power Station (RAPS), a 220 MW Pressurised Heavy Water Reactor (PHWR), in Rawatbhata has been in uninterrupted operation since August 2, 2012 and it has been operating at full power with a capacity factor of 105 per cent.
It has since then generated around 4,258 million units of electricity.
The plant, commissioned in February 2010, has been running at the capacity of 98.5 per cent and until now generated 8,663 million units of electricity.
Speaking on the occasion, Department of Atomic Energy (DAE) Secretary Ratan Kumar Sinha, said the development was bigger than the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Station (KKNPP) unit 1 reaching its criticality as the success was a outcome of India’s indigenously developed PHWR technology and it has sent an important message of “India’s superiority”.
“This is not only an emotional moment, but a moment of pride. There are only 10 reactors in the world that have crossed 500 days of uninterrupted operation. We can now tell the world that we are second in the world... and now numbers speak about this,” Sinha said.
The DAE Secretary said in 1970 they would often make 3-4 trips in a month to RAPS because of the grid failure.
“People would then ridicule whether the power station actually works? At that time units 1 and 2 of RAPS were very new. India then developed the technology and mastered it,” he said.
The Unit 5 of RAPS would be shut for maintenance, a mandatory procedure which is to be followed.
Unit 7 of Canada’s Pickering nuclear plant holds the world record of running the largest operating plant that ran continuously for 894 days.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)

Who is BJP s CM candidate for Haryana pollsApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Mary Kom packs a punch at box officeUrvi Malvania |  Mumbai Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 09:40 PM IST
Mary Kom packs a punch at box office
Film on way to make profit in the first weekend
Priyanka Chopra as Mary Kom is packing a punch at the box office with opening day collections in the range of Rs 8-10 crore and is on its way to breaking even in the first weekend itself. The movie Mary Kom, which was released on Friday and follows the life and struggles of the Olympic medallist boxer has been co-produced by Sanjay Leela Bhansali and Viacom18 Motion Pictures and distributed worldwide by Eros International.
The movie — which has been made at an estimated budget of Rs 15-18 crore, including production, prints and advertising — is perched comfortable on its way to profitability. The movie has the earned the distinction of breaking even in record time, despite having an A-lister on the cast. Analysts and distributors reveal the movie is set to maintain collections over the weekend and should hit the Rs 24 to 28 crore mark by Monday.
Considering the movie is tax free in Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh and the Northeast, the producers will recover Rs 12-14 crore in the first weekend going by these estimates. Sources say the movie would have made another Rs 3 to 4 crore in music rights under a multiple movie Vicom18 and Zee Music Company deal. This will make the producers’ return on investment on the movie around Rs 16-20 crore, putting them in a break-even position.
While the exact figures are not available, the imputed revenue from the satellite right fee of the movie would be in the range of Rs 12 to 14 crore. The rights lie with Vicom18’s flagship general entertainment channel, Colors. Over and above this, the film had as many as 20 brands tying up with it for association in some form or the other. This translated into visibility worth Rs 20 crore for Mary Kom.
Ajit Andhare, chief operating officer, Viacom18 Motion Pictures, said, “Mary Kom has delivered a strong opening day and has set a new first-day benchmark for heroine-centric films. The word of mouth is positive and Priyanka’s standout performance has touched a chord with the audience across sections. The film is further set for a strong weekend.”
The film was released in 1,500 to 1,800 screens in the country, with a multiplex to singled screen ratio of 60:40. The co-producers released the movie after identifying niches that a biopic on a contemporary female boxer would attract footfalls in. For international distribution, the movie will be released in a phased manner. The traditional markets such as the US, the UK and the UAE will be the territories in the first phase of the international release. Mary Kom is being distributed worldwide by Eros International.
While its opening day collection falls short of some other medium budget movies like 2 States (opening day collection – Rs 12 crore) and Ek Villain (Rs 16 crore), it’s collections are on a par with Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhaniya (Rs 9 crore) and Ragini MMS 2 (Rs 8.74 crore). It has, however, far outdone Viacom18’s earlier release of the year — Queen (with Kangana Ranaut in the lead) which managed to rake in only Rs 2 crore on the opening day.
Mary Kom is on its way to being a part of the slew of medium budget movies which have reaped rich dividends for its makers after box office collections, satellite rights and music rights. Last year saw Aditya Roy Kapoor and Shraddha Kapoor’s Aashiqui 2 bring in 170 per cent returns on investment for the producers while this year, Alia Bhatt and Arjun Kapoor’s 2 States leads the profitability table with profitability of 92 per cent. Despite its slow start, Queen also turned profitable at the box office during its life time at the movie screens.
 Advertisements

HPL shutdown paves way for other petro majorsPress Trust Of India |  Kolkata Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 09:30 PM IST
HPL shutdown paves way for other petro majors
The shutdown of Haldia Petrochemicals Ltd (HPL) has paved the way for other giants in the sector to tap polymer market in the eastern region held by the region's petro major.
"We are unable to tap the eastern market though HPL plant is dry. Our plant is likely to commence operations next year.
We are creating awarness about products in this part of the country," ONGC Petro Additions Ltd (OPaL) head polymer M Sanath Kumar said here on Saturday.
According to industry estimates, HPL had a marketshare of 12 per cent in the polymer industry of the country with strong presence in eastern region. The plant is closed since July.
Indian Oil senior manager Sumit Basu, speaking at the Polycon India 2014, said the company was expanding its capacity in petrochemicals at Paradeep to tap the growing demand.
 Advertisements

Report on forensic probe into alleged scam soon: Ashwani KumarBS Reporter |  Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 09:16 PM IST
Report on forensic probe into alleged scam soon: Ashwani Kumar
Report stated the funds were surreptitiously transferred out of the bank by creating a fake overdraft facility
Dena Bank CMD Ashwani Kumar has said the forensic investigation report on an alleged scam in the bank's Malabar Hill branch was almost ready and would be submitted soon. It was alleged at the branch, Rs 256 crore received as fixed deposits was siphoned off. According to reports, Deloitte is looking into the matter, following a finance ministry directive that a forensic investigation be carried out.
Between January 30 and May 5 this year, the Malabar Hill branch had received bulk term deposits from various entities/government organisations. Subsequently, term deposits of Rs 256.69 crore were pledged to the bank by the same signatories in order to secure overdraft facilities of Rs 223.25 crore.
Report stated the funds were surreptitiously transferred out of the bank by creating a fake overdraft facility.
The branch manager has been suspended and the branch staff have been transferred, according to filing with stock exchanges.
Kumar said to avoid any such scams, transactions worth more than Rs 5 crore were now being monitored online.
 Advertisements

A tide in the affairs of nationsPremvir Das |  Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 09:30 PM IST
Premvir Das: A tide in the affairs of nations
India and Japan are natural partners at sea, and Narendra Modi's recent visit underlined the need to keep the association going
One of the important constituents of the joint statement issued at the end of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Japan is the reference to enhanced maritime security cooperation between the two countries, and the continuation of trilateral naval exercises at sea between the navies of India, Japan and the United States. There are other significant elements in that document, principally the Japanese offer of $35 billion in development assistance over the next five years - as also the disappointment that a civil nuclear agreement could not be reached - but the purpose here is to look at security issues in somewhat greater detail.
Following the Soviet ingress into Afghanistan in 1980 and India's understated but clear support to the then USSR, Japan was the first country to condemn our stance. Through the 1980s, bilateral relations remained cool. Starting in the early 1990s, things began to move positively albeit slowly; but the nuclear tests of 1998 stopped this interface as Japan joined others in imposing severe sanctions. There was no interaction between the navies at any level except notionally. In 2001, the Indian Navy held an International Fleet Review in Mumbai, but no ship of the Japanese Maritime Self Defence Force was present. Even political interaction was lacklustre.
It was in this background that an Indian Track-II organisation, the Indian Ocean Society, headed by the late Vice Admiral MK Roy, began its first interactions with a Japanese counterpart, the Ship Ocean Foundation chaired by a former vice-minister of defence, Masahiro Akiyama, in 2004. Though essentially maritime, the dialogue inevitably covered other issues. Thus a former foreign secretary, the late S K Singh, was on the Indian team just as the other side included a former chairman of their Joint Chiefs of Staff. At the second meeting, Prithviraj Chavan - then minister in the Prime Minister's Office - flew in to join the discussions, while the Japanese fielded a former defence minister, Shigeru Ishiba. Progress in these talks was marginal. In keeping with India's strategy for security cooperation, the focus was on initiating bilateral interaction between the two navies while the other side was clearly hesitant to participate in such ventures. The Japanese constitution was repeatedly cited as a barrier to such cooperation with any others save military allies - read the US and Australia. They would be happy to join interactions which included one or both of the others, but not anything directly bilateral.
These inputs were provided to the government and not long thereafter the 'infamous' Quadrilateral Malabar (otherwise a US-India bilateral) exercise was conducted in the Bay of Bengal with navies of India, USA, Japan and Australia participating. It invited a sharp adverse comment from China; the then Indian defence minister was himself not supportive and that was the first and last of such interfaces. A bilateral India-Japan exercise at sea was still not in sight but the Track-II dialogue continued.
In 2006, Shinzo Abe visited India as prime minister, and it was evident that he carried a more positive brief - but he resigned soon thereafter. Fortunately, his successor, Taro Aso, remained supportive. In the return visit made by Manmohan Singh in 2008, the joint declaration included as many as three full paragraphs on the need to enhance maritime security cooperation between the two navies, including through bilateral exercises and other interactions. Annual defence minister-level visits were also instituted. Ships would visit either country every 12-18 months. Remarkably, throughout this time it was the Track-II interaction that led the governmental face, both being in close sync.
The first India-Japan naval exercise was, unfortunately, cancelled due to the nuclear reactor disaster in Japan but it was rescheduled in 2010 and has now been institutionalised. A US-India-Japan trilateral was scheduled in 2012 and has been repeated just a month ago. A Japanese proposal to sell a US-2 amphibian aircraft to India was made more than a year ago - a significant departure from their earlier inhibited positions on anything remotely military. It is still to be finalised on our side; it has figured in the most recent interaction between the two PMs in which 'red carpet rather than red tape' has been assured. Hopefully, this will get it airborne. In the Track-II discussions the need for technology transfer in the defence sector has been stressed but this has yet to move forward; yet, removal of as many as six of our defence research and production entities from their proscribed list, as done now, must be seen as another step forward in this developing relationship.
In short, a great distance has been travelled in the last ten years in developing a strategic and security interface with Japan and this latest meeting is a continuing movement in that direction. Situated where it is at one end of the Indo-Pacific water stretch with India being at the other, Japan must be seen as a 'natural ally' of this country, to use a term once used by former Prime Minister Vajpayee for the USA. Its energy needs from the Gulf constitute a core national interest and their safe movement is critical; India is best placed to provide this assurance in the Indian Ocean supply route. Similarly, 35 per cent of India's overseas trade routes run through the waters of the Western Pacific and safe movement of commerce and tranquillity in that region are important concerns.
It is not realised by many that Japan's conventional naval capabilities are superior to those of China and its technologies, military included, are on a par with the best available globally. The relationship is mutually advantageous to both countries and the fact that both see it that way is reflected in the declaration that has been put out by them.
This leaves China. As the major Asian power it is not possible for India not to engage that country positively and proactively, and relations with Japan do not come in the way. No doubt, there are issues to be resolved, the boundary question in particular; but China is also our second-largest trading partner, albeit in a skewed fashion in which it exports much more to us than it imports.Those are matters which are under discussion but we are also participants in several important multilateral fora. It is for this very reason that an Indian warship was present at the 60th anniversary celebrations of the Chinese Navy in Qing Dao in April this year even as a group of three others visited Sasebo in Japan two months later.
The forthcoming visit of President Xi Jinping to India is as important as the one that the PM has just concluded to Japan. Along with the one that he will make to the USA later this month, this is the real global quadrilateral which India must cope with; and it is strategically well placed to deal with the three other players. At least on this geopolitical stage "Achche Din" seem to be arriving; to plagiarise an eminent playwright of yore, there is a tide in the affairs of nations which must be taken at the flood. That time is now.
The writer retired as Commander-in-Chief of the Eastern Naval Command, and has been involved in Track-II discussions with Japan for the last 10 years
 Advertisements

What’s gone wrong with the political interview – and what to do about itLast updated: September 7, 2014 1:44 pm
The death of the political interview
By Ian Katz
The editor of ‘Newsnight’ talks about what’s gone wrong – and what to do about it
©Greg Funnell
Ian Katz on the set of the BBC’s ‘Newsnight’
Almost exactly a year ago, the Labour MP Rachel Reeves, shadow secretary of state for work and pensions, came into the Newsnight studio for an interview that is perhaps better remembered for the Twitter faux-pas that followed than anything she actually said. I can still feel the bowel-loosening mortification of the moment I realised I had fired what I thought was a private, candid assessment of the encounter on to the hyperactive grapevine of Twitter; I am still genuinely sorry for the rudeness I showed a politician who had the decency to come in at 10.30pm and do a few rounds with Jeremy Paxman. But I recently rewatched the interview and there’s no getting away from it: it was boring snoring.
I don’t think the problem was the subject matter. Labour’s complex and fraught relationship with the unions would explode as one of the big political stories of the next few months. And Labour’s policy on zero-hours contracts was important and potentially interesting territory. But Reeves’s exchange with Paxman had a sterile, deadening quality that made it hard to engage with any detail. Twice in the four-and-a-half minute encounter, Reeves prefaced answers with the passion-killing formulation “what we’ve said is”. Three times she began them with “Ed is going to talk about that in his speech”. She didn’t actually read out a briefing note from Labour’s PR high command but she might as well have done.
More
The Guest – film review
Looking back on it, what made my tweet so unfortunate was that it singled out Reeves for doing no more than conforming to her profession’s standards of best practice. A fairer observation might have been that a large proportion of political interviews – maybe even most – are boring snoring. The unacknowledged truth is that half a century after the bristling exchange between Robin Day and prime minister Harold Macmillan that reshaped the relationship between politics and the media, the broadcast political interview is stuck.
There are notable exceptions of course, most recently James O’Brien’s patient, forensic unravelling of Ukip leader Nigel Farage. And occasionally there are skirmishes that become so ill-tempered and toxic that they offer both the entertainment value of a slow motion car crash and the insight into a politician’s personality that fury can sometimes deliver. Labour leader Ed Miliband’s irritable pre-local election encounter with Martha Kearney comes to mind: “You don’t understand, Martha!”
But for the most part interviews with frontbenchers are an arid, ritualised affair: interviewer suggests politician’s policy or position is flawed/inconsistent/unfunded; politician denies the charge/ignores the question/suggests that real people in his or her constituency care about something different. They repeat this a few times, typically for somewhere between four and 10 minutes. The interviewee considers it a success if he or she hasn’t said something that will attract the ire of their party’s PR capos. The interviewer considers it a success if the exchange has produced “a line”, though more often than not it will be the line the politician came to deliver.
There is a safety-first ethos that conspires to make even the most interesting political figures seem dull
The result is a safety-first ethos that conspires to make even the most interesting political figures seem dull, and rewards those who prove themselves to be “a safe pair of hands” with the highest offices in the land.
William Hague is a man with a rich intellectual hinterland and a dry sense of humour. Years ago, after he was defenestrated from the (probably premature) leadership of the Conservative party, I commissioned him to write about what it was like going up against Tony Blair. The resulting piece was candid, witty, emotionally intelligent. I can remember much of it now, more than a decade on, but I honestly can’t remember anything about any broadcast interview he has given as foreign secretary, except perhaps that it involved Angelina Jolie.
In person Miliband is a thoughtful, entertaining and self-aware conversationalist but put him in front of a TV camera and something strange happens. I’ve met Rachel Reeves a couple of times: she’s clever, engaging, even funny.
Increasingly, the most senior political figures don’t simply stonewall their way through tough interviews, they avoid them altogether. While a morning toasting on the Today programme remains an unavoidable trial of ministerial life, party leaders and some senior ministers increasingly avoid potentially hazardous excursions to the studios of Channel 4 News, Andrew Neil’s Sunday Politics or Newsnight. And even if they are willing to submit to challenging interviews themselves, interesting political figures with a weakness for candour are kept well away from the cameras. Don’t hold your breath for an in-depth interview with Labour’s loose-tongued wonk-in-chief Jon Cruddas any time soon.
Under the circumstances it is hardly surprising that the most viewed and talked about political interview of the last year did not feature a politician. Russell Brand’s Newsnight diatribe against politics and politicians was watched more than 10 million times on YouTube alone and it’s hard to imagine that the spavined state of the political interview has not been a major contributor to the mood of suspicion and disgust that Brand so powerfully articulated.
About as far away from Brand as it’s possible to travel in this galaxy, another interview a few weeks back offered a sharp reminder of how revealing and engrossing a great political interview can be. Talking to the historian Peter Hennessy for the Radio 4 Reflections strand , Sir John Major mused with arresting frankness about whether he had become prime minister too young (probably) and whether he should have resigned after Black Wednesday (“I was never sure whether I should have or not”).
Of course, Major is almost two decades away from the constraints and consequences of power now, and cynics will point out that Hennessy did not ask a single question about the most embarrassing corner of his record, his four-year affair with Edwina Currie. But listening to Major and Hennessy got me wondering why we can’t seem to conduct interviews with serving politicians even a fraction as illuminating and engaging. What has gone wrong with the political interview? Was there ever really a time it was a more candid and fruitful form of interaction? If there was, is there anything we can do to fix it?
In fact, people have been bemoaning the state of the political interview at least since the late 1980s. In his self-effacingly titled 1989 autobiography The Grand Inquisitor, Robin Day complained that both Margaret Thatcher and Neil Kinnock had developed effective techniques to frustrate searching broadcasters. “Interviews have tended to become a series of statements, planned for delivery irrespective of the question which had been put. This technique has gradually brought about the decline of the major television interview. It is now rarely a dialogue which could be helpful to the viewer.”
Sir Robin cited research conducted by two York University psychologists on interviews during the 1987 election campaign. Dr Peter Bull and Kate Mayer found that both Kinnock and Thatcher avoided more than half the questions put to them. They concluded the party leaders used 31 different forms of evasion that fell into the following categories: ignoring the question, acknowledging the question without answering, questioning the question, attacking the question, attacking the interviewer, declining to answer, making a political point, giving an incomplete answer, repeating previous answer and claiming already to have answered the question.
But dip into the archive and even these supposedly corrupted encounters have a prelapsarian quality. Here’s Brian Walden locking horns with Thatcher during the same campaign, like a married couple who have been sparring, more or less good-naturedly, for decades.
Walden: “You come over, as one of your backbenchers said, as someone who is slightly off your trolley, authoritarian, domineering, refusing to listen to anyone else.”
Thatcher: “Brian, if anyone’s coming over as domineering in this interview it’s you . . . now let’s just deal with the authoritarian thing.”
Wind back a little further and we’re into another country. Here’s David Frost interviewing Enoch Powell a year after his 1968 “rivers of blood” speech. Frost’s opening to one of his toughest and most combative interviews feels about as far from the opening zinger that many modern interviewers pride themselves on as you can get. “There are one or two areas of your mind that I find a slight enigma, and I hope we stroll in the direction of one or two of them.”
By common consent, the golden age of the political interview ran from Macmillan’s 1958 encounter with Day until the late 1980s, reaching its apogee in Walden’s meticulously choreographed Weekend World jousts. Of course, there have been plenty of great interviews since, many of them conducted by Paxman, who has a unique talent for turning even the most disciplined political interview into a theatrical – occasionally career-ending – skirmish.
But over time the predominance of an aggressive style characterised by the dictum “Why is this lying bastard lying to me?” – and the survival strategies that politicians have developed in response to it – have locked both sides into what economists call a “tragedy of the commons”.
Whereas interviewers like Day and Frost often spent a good 10 minutes sidling up to a tough question, the modern interview frequently dispenses with the pleasantries and goes straight for the jugular. As one leading interviewer put it: “These days every ball is a fastball down the leg side.”
A decade or so ago former Blair spinner Tim Allan decried this style of interviewing as “punk political journalism”. It was, he complained, “journalism that puts the journalist centre stage. It judges itself by how many hits it can rack up against the subject. Any communication by the politician on his or her terms is regarded as a failure.”
Certainly, since Gordon Reece set about lowering Thatcher’s voice and training her to avoid the potholes of an adversarial interview, the likes of Reece and Allan have been hard at work trying to stop their masters saying anything too interesting in front of a TV camera. One minister suggests it was no coincidence that Peter Mandelson, the man who mastered the challenge of imposing “message discipline” on an entire party, was a veteran of Walden’s Weekend World. “He understood both the potency and the perils of the form.”
It’s hardly surprising that those politicians willing to face the fast bowling of an adversarial interview come to the crease heavily padded up and armed with a series of defensive strokes. “There is just this fear that one slip effaces everything else,” one minister told me. “One line out of place.” The former cabinet minister sounded remarkably similar: “Most ministers thinking of a TV interview take the view that it’s all potential downside and no potential upside because one slip and they’re dead.”
In a lecture earlier this year on the pros and cons of adversarial journalism, my soon-to-be colleague Evan Davis suggested that journalists and politicians had arrived at an impasse: “I think the worst of you. You play it as defensively as you can. Your strategy of being defensive is justified by me being aggressive and, worst of all, me being aggressive is justified by the obfuscation and nonsense of you being defensive. We’re now locked into the low road. Your strategy justifies mine. My strategy justifies yours.” One former coalition cabinet minister summarised this Mexican stand-off like this: “The political interview is in a low trust equilibrium and it’s sort of stuck there.”
©Greg Funnell
What can be done to make the political interview a more illuminating and rewarding form, a source of light as well as heat? Here are a few modest ideas:
1. Both broadcasters and politicians need to acknowledge that the interview is a transaction that must yield something useful for both sides – and especially the audience. Peter Hennessy talked of the “unspoken contract” of early TV interviews: publicity in exchange for good television. These days, with the profusion of outlets and platforms, politicians can get plenty of publicity without exposing themselves to a challenging interview. We need an updated contract: the opportunity to explain their thinking and decisions in depth, in exchange for the chance to test them thoroughly; the opportunity to demonstrate themselves to the public as three dimensional human beings in exchange for a greater level of candour.
2. We need to make a genuine attempt to explore and illuminate the dilemmas politicians face, to recognise that government is not a choice between good and bad policies but most often a search for the least worst option. A while ago I asked a thoughtful Tory minister what the interview he wished he could give would look like. He replied without a moment’s hesitation: “I’d like to be able to come in and say, ‘Here’s the policy I’ve just announced. There are quite a few problems with it, I’ll tell you what they are. Now let me tell you about the other two options I had available, and why both of them were worse.’ ”
In a similar vein a former Labour minister once told me how she’d once made the mistake of answering a question in a select committee about whether a particular policy would work as honestly as she could – by quoting what she estimated to be its probability of success. The next day she got hauled up by the party’s communications chief for admitting the policy could fail. Perhaps I am hopelessly naive but wouldn’t it be great if interviews allowed politicians to talk as candidly about the messy reality of political decision-making as these two wish they could?
3. We need to try harder to understand what makes politicians tick. Former chancellor and deputy Labour leader Denis Healey famously talked of the need for every politician to have a hinterland. If modern politicians have them, we glimpse them all too rarely. A while ago I had lunch with a cabinet minister renowned for giving rather attritional and frequently ill-tempered interviews. Over a steak, he casually revealed that he had returned to his lapsed hobby of oil painting. “I could never do watercolours. One mistake and you’re screwed. But oils are great – you go wrong and you just get some more paint and brush right over it.” He paused for a moment. “It’s just like politics.” I wish I got that sort of lateral insight into a politician’s psyche more often from interviews.
4. Finally, one that follows from the first three: we broadcasters need to give interviews – at least some of them – the time to breathe, even if that means putting up with more boring, snoring bits.
There are risks for both sides in any shift from the current sullen equilibrium. For us, the danger is that we offer politicians more time and space to explain themselves and they carry on just as defensively as before. Or that audiences tell us with their remote controls that, actually, they rather preferred heat to light. For politicians the risk is that they are more honest in interviews and find themselves pilloried the next morning for making a gaffe or displaying anything other than cast iron certainty about everything. To break the stand-off both sides have to jump at once.
So here’s a challenge to politicians: if you will dare to be a little more candid, to come to the crease a little less padded up, to answer questions rather than avoid them, we will give you the space to explain your politics and yourself, to show the public that you are a well-intentioned and (in some cases) rounded human being, to earn that most precious – and scarce – of political commodities, authenticity.
That doesn’t mean we’ll give you an easy ride. As Evan argued in his lecture, sometimes it is the job of the interviewer to give voice to the frustrations and anger of the viewer, even when it is not likely to elicit a helpful or revealing answer. “One of the purposes of what we do is to be seen to be pouring a bucket of custard over powerful people.” And often seeing the lengths a politician will go to avoid answering a question tells its own story: the former home secretary Michael Howard’s 12 refusals to answer Paxman’s question are probably better remembered than anything a British politician has said in an interview in the modern era.
Back in 1989 Sir Robin worried that the decline of the political interview would damage more than the interests of broadcasters like him. “What deeply concerns me is that the very principle of the television interview – the ancient Socratic method of imparting and gathering information by the process of question and answer – has been deliberately devalued . . . This is bad for the people, bad for democracy, bad for television, and bad, in the end, for politicians.”
With politicians now outstripping even us journalists as candidates for public disdain, those words seem more than a little prophetic. There is endless talk about the crisis in politics and how it might be tackled. Reinvigorating the political interview might be a constructive and modest place to start. As one former minister put it: “It is not tenable for politicians to keep talking the way they are talking. There has to be a different way of doing it.”
A politician’s view
‘Trying to banish cynicism about politics may be difficult’
©BBC
Margaret Thatcher in an interview with Robin Day in 1980
The changing tone of the political interview mirrors the changing positions of politicians and the media over the past 50 years, writes Kwasi Kwarteng.
In the past, the media were more deferential because politicians were generally regarded as being better educated and occupying a higher social position than mere journalists.
Today, the boot is on the other foot. The interviewer is likely to be a celebrity media figure, earning multiples of a minister’s salary. One could be forgiven for thinking the media are the new “lords of the earth”, while ministers and politicians are inconvenient functionaries.
I have found that interviewers are generally polite and engaging. Funnily enough, interviewers in print often try to be aggressive and cynical, while these days broadcast interviews do at least try to inform the audience. I’ve read a couple of profiles of myself and thought they could have got as much information from Wikipedia.
It’s obvious that Jeremy Paxman and John Humphrys influenced much of the style of recent political interviews. But, as a listener, I remember being particularly frustrated when all you could hear was the interviewer saying, “But surely . . . ” without allowing the hapless politician any time to speak. The duty of the interviewer must surely be to inform his or her audience. It can’t simply be a showcase for the brilliance of the journalist, who, the implication often is, would be much better at running the country than any politician.
Interviewers should approach a political interview with the question, “What does the audience want to learn from this interview?” and not, “How can I trip this politician up?” Many people still gain most of their information from the television, so it is important that interviews actually inform.
I don’t think the days of Paxman’s rottweiler interrogations will return. But trying to banish a wider cynicism about politics may prove to be very difficult.
Kwasi Kwarteng is Conservative MP for Spelthorne
Photographs: Greg Funnell; BBC
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Sonia Gandhi urges Centre to declare J&K flood a ‘national calamity’Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 10:04 pm
Expressing grave concern over the grim situation of flood in Jammu and Kashmir which has claimed 107 lives so far, Congress President Sonia Gandhi on Saturday urged the Centre to declare the crisis a “national calamity”.
She has also appealed to the Centre and state government to make every effort at relief and rehabilitation, according to a statement from Congress.
“(Senior party leader) Ghulam Nabi Azad and the state Congress (unit) have demanded that the situation in the state be declared a national calamity and the Congress President has expressed hope that the Government of India will take necessary steps for the same,” the party said.
Gandhi is in constant touch with state leaders of Congress, which along with its ally National Conference is in power there, to keep herself abreast of the ground situation, it said.
“Worried over the alarming loss of life, public infrastructure and private properties in the state, Gandhi has appealed to the government and authorities concerned to ensure every effort at prevention, relief and rehabilitation,” Congress said.
Gandhi has conveyed her condolences to the family members and friends of those killed in flood-related incidents and prayed that those missing are safe and are located soon, it said.
She also conveyed her gratitude towards the constant efforts of the armed and para-military forces for toiling hard to provide relief and succour to people in the state.
Torrential monsoon rains which triggered flooding, landslides and house collapses have so far caused 107 deaths as the situation worsened on Saturday and rescuers struggled to evacuate tens of thousands of people to safety with major rivers in spate.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh rushed to Srinagar and Jammu to take stock of the situation in the wake of the heaviest rains and flooding in the state in six decades but could not make an aerial survey due to inclement weather.

IM techie held  police say hand in Pune bakery attackPrint
Shaikh’s brother-in-law, alleged top IM member Mohsin Choudhary, is wanted in the German Bakery blasts. (Source: PTI)
Written by Prawesh Lama , Ananya Bhardwaj , Chandan Shantaram Haygunde | New Delhi/pune | Posted: September 6, 2014 10:00 pm | Updated: September 7, 2014 2:05 am
The Delhi Police Special Cell Saturday arrested a suspected Indian Mujahideen operative, Ajaz Shaikh, describing him as the outfit’s “silent India-based techie, logistics man and hawala router”.
The 27-year-old belonging to Pune was arrested from near Sahranpur Railway Station in western Uttar Pradesh.
Special Commissioner of Police (Special Cell) S N Shrivastava said Shaikh had assisted Yasin Bhatkal in carrying out the German Bakery blasts of February 2010. He would allegedly send out IM emails after every blast and provide logistics support to IM operatives.
Ajaz Shaikh at Patiala House court in Delhi. (Source: PTI)
Shaikh’s brother-in-law, alleged top IM member Mohsin Choudhary, is wanted in the German Bakery blasts.
The Delhi Police claimed that during interrogation, Shaikh had said that Chaudhary had helped him join the terror group. “After the Batla House Encounter in 2008, Mohsin along with the Bhatkal brothers fled to Pakistan. Mohsin asked Ajaz to stay back in India and become more tech savvy, while leading a normal life so as not to raise suspicions. He already had a diploma in hardware, networking and Linux operation, he trained in the latest in Information and Communication Technology,” said Shrivastava.
Till early this year, Shaikh had been in-charge of back office operations at a BPO in Pune. The Delhi Police alleged he left home in February, fearing arrest, without informing his family. Shaikh’s wife had filed a missing person’s report then.
His family, that lives in Ghorpade Peth in Pune, denied the terror charges against Shaikh, saying the 27-year-old was a “secular” youth who had many non-Muslim friends and had never been involved in fanatic or radical activities.
His parents, however, admitted he had gone missing. He left home on February 15, around 11.30 pm, saying he was going to Bangalore for an interview in a new company, but did not return. He also left his cellphone behind, just taking his SIM card. A missing person’s complaint was lodged at the Khadak Police Station by the family on February 19.
“
We tried our best to search him. We went to Bangalore and put up posters carrying his photograph at various locations, appealing people to inform us if they saw him,” said Shaikh’s father Sayeed Abdul Qadar Shaikh, who is an embroidery artist.
A family member said a month after he left home, Shaikh’s wife had delivered a baby boy.
At a press conference held on July 18, four months after Shaikh’s disappearance, his parents claimed he went missing because he was “debt-ridden”.
Police said while they were still probing why Shaikh was in Saharanpur, he had been changing his hideouts frequently since continued…

PM reviews Aadhaar  may use it to improve delivery of schemesYou are here: Home > Collections
PM Narendra Modi reviews Aadhaar, may use it to improve delivery of schemes
PTI Sep 6, 2014, 09.54PM IST
Tags:
AADHAAR
(At present, 66.99 crore Aadhaar numbers…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today reviewed progress of Aadhaar project and is believed to have discussed the possibility of using the platform to resume Aadhaar-based direct benefit transfers of subsidised schemes.
It will also help monitor attendance of government officials.
The discussions, which were attended by Home Minister Rajnath Singh and Communications Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad, looked at the possibility of resuming the Aadhaar linked direct benefit transfers in a bid to improve delivery mechanism.
The scheme was suspended by the previous UPA government. The government, sources said, would conduct a dry run for Aadhaar-linked attendance system for the government officials on September 14.
Among those who attended the meeting included Director General of the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) Vijay S Madan.
The high powered meeting reviewed progress of the Aadhaar project, particularly in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar where other schemes are facing difficulties due to low enrolments.
At present, 66.99 crore Aadhaar numbers have been issued. In Uttar Pradesh, about 4.62 crore Aadhaar numbers have been issued against a population of 19.95 crore.
In Bihar, around 1.41 crore Aadhaar numbers have been issued against a population of about 10.38 crore.
Aadhaar project, which has been in focus of the new government, can substantially reduce the duplicity of beneficiaries and help plug leakages.
As mandated by the Prime Minister's Office, the Planning Commission and UIDAI, which implements the Aadhhar project, have jointly prepared a report on the Aadhaar-link DBT scheme.
The Commission and UIDAI's senior officials had visited around 300 districts across the country to study the impact of the Aadhaar-based scheme.
The officials have submitted the report on the Aadhaar- based DBT testing in these 300 districts.
On January 30, the UPA government had suspended the ambitious direct benefit transfer for LPG (DBTL) scheme, where consumers in 289 districts in 18 states got cash of Rs 435 per month in their bank accounts for purchasing cooking gas at market rate.
The DBTL scheme was put on hold due to complaints that many were not getting the benefit in absence of either an Aadhaar card or a bank account linked Aadhaar.
The working of the UIDAI had come under scrutiny of the Supreme Court, which in an interim order, had observed that the identification number cannot be made mandatory for availing of benefits of the government's subsidy schemes.
As per experts, government would have to seek apex court's permission to modify earlier interim order for resumption of the Aadhaar-linked direct benefit transfer scheme for making payment of benefits.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SpiceJet offers tickets for Rs 599  Rs 1999 ...You are here: Home > Collections > Spicejet
Fare wars: SpiceJet announces tickets for Rs 599, Rs 1999 till September 10
PTI Sep 6, 2014, 06.04PM IST
Tags:
SpiceJet
(The move comes in the wake…)
NEW DELHI: SpiceJet today launched two new slabs of competitive basic airfare rates, as other Indian carriers extended dates for booking low cost tickets over the past few days.
The low one-way base fare tickets of the no-frill carrier can be bought till September ten, costing Rs 599 for travel between January 16-October 24 next year and Rs 1,999 for travel between October seven this year and January 15, 2015.
For the Rs 599 offer, taxes and other fees and charges, barring fuel surcharge, would be additional, but the Rs 1,999 offer is all-inclusive.
"SpiceJet has been one of the main drivers of demand stimulation and market growth this year... This demand stimulation has been a win-win, with airlines earning more revenues, with travellers getting fantastic deals, and with the travel industry and economy at large getting a boost," airline's CEO Sanjiv Kapoor said.
The move of the no-frill carrier, which has been making such offers since January, comes in the wake of several foreign and Indian carriers vying with each other to attract Indian flyers by offering discounted tickets.
Air India, Jet Airways, IndiGo and GoAir have all come out with special offers in the recent past, with new airlines like Air Costa and AirAsia India also jumping on the bandwagon.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Justice as a Socratic processUpdated: September 6, 2014 01:47 IST
Justice as a Socratic process
execution
It may appear to be a mere question of procedure, but by mandating an oral hearing the Supreme Court has imparted greater substance to the disposal of review petitions of those sentenced to death. With a finesse that has come to be the hallmark of the Court in dealing with the issue of death penalty in recent years, a five-Judge Constitution Bench has carved out a significant exception to the general rule that review petitions need not be heard in open court, but instead may be disposed of by circulation among the judges. Faced with an earlier Constitution Bench verdict upholding the rule, Justice Rohinton Fali Nariman, writing on behalf of the majority of four judges, has adopted the only mode of reasoning by which the Bench could have allowed the prayer for an oral hearing: by making open court hearing a constitutional requirement under Article 21 and anchoring the rule on the irreversibility of carrying out the death sentence. Secondly, the majority has concluded that oral hearing is an integral part of ‘reasonable procedure’, by considering the possibility of two judicial minds coming to diametrically opposite conclusions on the same facts and circumstances as to whether the death penalty would be warranted. The scope for reviewing a decision that has attained judicial finality is indeed narrow, and is confined to the ground of error apparent on the face of the record. However, even the remotest chance of altering it is enough to justify an oral hearing.
Oral hearing in review matters was dispensed with in the light of the docket explosion and a ‘baby boom’ in review petitions. Normally, given that a full trial and hearing at two appellate levels precede the resort to review jurisdiction, denying oral hearing at that stage may not violate the objective of public justice or reduce disposal to the outcome of a ‘secret conclave’. However, death sentences impinge on the right to life, which is at the apex of a rights pyramid in which personal liberty and other fundamental rights come immediately below. While the Court did not concede the plea that all cases attracting the death sentence be heard by a Bench of five judges, it has agreed that review petitions are often “inartistically drafted”, and disposing them of solely based on written grounds may not meet the ends of justice. It has quoted Justice V.R. Krishna Iyer with approval that “the power of the Socratic process and the instant clarity of the Bar-Bench dialogue are too precious to be parted with.” After a series of judgments expanding the Court’s clemency jurisdiction, the verdict in favour of a limited 30-minute oral hearing before a Bench of three judges will significantly enhance the value of due process in a country that, unfortunately, still retains the death penalty.

Sonia Gandhi urges Centre to declare J&K flood a  national calamityUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Expressing grave concern over the grim situation of flood in Jammu and Kashmir which has claimed 108 lives so far, Congress President Sonia Gandhi on Saturday urged the Centre to declare the crisis a "national calamity". She has also appealed to the Centre and state government to make every effort at relief and rehabilitation, according to a statement from Congress.
"(Senior party leader) Ghulam Nabi Azad and the state Congress (unit) have demanded that the situation in the state be declared a national calamity and the Congress President has expressed hope that the Government of India will take necessary steps for the same," the party said.
Gandhi is in constant touch with state leaders of Congress, which along with its ally National Conference is in power there, to keep herself abreast of the ground situation, it said. "Worried over the alarming loss of life, public infrastructure and private properties in the state, Gandhi has appealed to the government and authorities concerned to ensure every effort at prevention, relief and rehabilitation," Congress said.
The Congress President has also appealed to the Centre and state government to make every effort at relief and rehabilitation, according to a statement from Congress.
Gandhi has conveyed her condolences to the family members and friends of those killed in flood-related incidents and prayed that those missing are safe and are located soon, it said. She also conveyed her gratitude towards the constant efforts of the armed and para-military forces for toiling hard to provide relief and succour to people in the state. Torrential monsoon rains which triggered flooding, landslides and house collapses have so far caused 108 deaths as the situation worsened today and rescuers struggled to evacuate tens of thousands of people to safety with major rivers in spate.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh rushed to Srinagar and Jammu to take stock of the situation in the wake of the heaviest rains and flooding in the state in six decades but could not make an aerial survey due to inclement weather.

Ensure quick trial of cases against lawmakers: Centre to HCsUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: With the Supreme Court setting a deadline for completing trial in cases involving lawmakers, the Law Ministry has written to high courts requesting them to ensure that cases against MPs and MLAs facing charges which attract disqualification are fast-tracked.
The decision to write to the state governments as well as the 24 high courts was taken at a recent high-level meeting chaired by Home Minister Rajnath Singh and attended by Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad and senior officials of Home and Law Ministries, besides Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi. Cases against MPs and MLAs which attract disqualification under Section 8(1), 8(2) and 8(3) of the Representation of the People Act needed to be completed within one year of framing charges as per a March 10 direction of the Supreme Court.
Any sentence which attracts punishment of two years and above can lead to disqualification from Parliament or state legislature. Highly-placed sources said the Attorney General is likely to inform the apex court about the government's decision to write to the states to expedite the cases involving lawmakers. In its March 10 directive, the Supreme Court had set a deadline for lower courts to complete trial in cases involving lawmakers within a year of framing of charges.
The apex court had also said that trial courts would have to give explanation to the chief justice of the respective high court if the trial is not completed within a year.
The apex court had also said that trial courts would have to give explanation to the chief justice of the respective high court if the trial is not completed within a year. It said that all such proceedings involving lawmakers must be conducted on a day-to-day basis in order to expedite the trial.
"It is a priority commitment of the Narendra Modi government that polity needs to be cleansed. Those against whom criminal cases are pending, that trial needs to be expedited. If they are clean, they will be acquitted. If they are not, law will take its own course," Law Minister Prasad had said last week.

PM Modi reviews Aadhaar  may use it to improve delivery of schemesUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday reviewed progress of Aadhaar project and is believed to have discussed the possibility of using the platform to resume Aadhaar-based direct benefit transfers of subsidised schemes. It will also help monitor attendance of government officials.
The discussions, which were attended by Home Minister Rajnath Singh and Communications Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad, looked at the possibility of resuming the Aadhaar linked direct benefit transfers in a bid to improve delivery mechanism.
The scheme was suspended by the previous UPA government. The government, sources said, would conduct a dry run for Aadhaar-linked attendance system for the government officials on September 14.
The scheme was suspended by the previous UPA government. The government, sources said, would conduct a dry run for Aadhaar-linked attendance system for the government officials on September 14.
Among those who attended the meeting included Director General of the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) Vijay S Madan. The high powered meeting reviewed progress of the Aadhaar project, particularly in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar where other schemes are facing difficulties due to low enrolments.
At present, 66.99 crore Aadhaar numbers have been issued. In Uttar Pradesh, about 4.62 crore Aadhaar numbers have been issued against a population of 19.95 crore. In Bihar, around 1.41 crore Aadhaar numbers have been issued against a population of about 10.38 crore. Aadhaar project, which has been in focus of the new government, can substantially reduce the duplicity of beneficiaries and help plug leakages.
As mandated by the Prime Minister's Office, the Planning Commission and UIDAI, which implements the Aadhhar project, have jointly prepared a report on the Aadhaar-link DBT scheme.
The Commission and UIDAI's senior officials had visited around 300 districts across the country to study the impact of the Aadhaar-based scheme. The officials have submitted the report on the Aadhaar-based DBT testing in these 300 districts.
On January 30, the UPA government had suspended the ambitious direct benefit transfer for LPG (DBTL) scheme, where consumers in 289 districts in 18 states got cash of Rs 435 per month in their bank accounts for purchasing cooking gas at market rate.
The DBTL scheme was put on hold due to complaints that many were not getting the benefit in absence of either an Aadhaar card or a bank account linked Aadhaar. The working of the UIDAI had come under scrutiny of the Supreme Court, which in an interim order, had observed that the identification number cannot be made mandatory for availing of benefits of the government's subsidy schemes.
As per experts, government would have to seek apex court's permission to modify earlier interim order for resumption of the Aadhaar-linked direct benefit transfer scheme for making payment of benefits.

Saradha scam: Kunal Ghosh accuses Mamata of benefitting the most  asks court to grill them togetherUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Kolkata: Suspended Trinamool Congress MP Kunal Ghosh on Saturday accused West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee of having benefitted the most in the multi-crore Saradha chit fund case.
Ghosh, while making his submission before a special CBI court in Kolkata, appealed to the judge, Arvind Mishra, that he should be questioned along with Sen and Banerjee by the central agency.
Ghosh said, "If there was someone who benefitted the most from Saradha's media wing, either directly or indirectly, it was Mamata Banerjee."
Ghosh has been remanded in the Central Bureau of Investigation custody till September 12. This is the third time that Ghosh has been interrogated by the CBI.
The CBI counsel submitted that the Saradha group had collected Rs 1,259 crore from the market, of which Rs 988 crore had been invested in Bengal Media, a fully-owned Saradha Group company of which Ghosh was the CEO.
The CBI counsel claimed Ghosh was involved in the conspiracy and it was to unveil a larger conspiracy that CBI was taking Ghosh's custody.
Meanwhile, Sudipta Sen and his accomplice Debjani Mukjherjee have been remanded to Judicial custody till September 18.
(With additional information from PTI)

Zuckerberg ready to spend billions to spread web accessThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Communal clashes on the rise under Modi government: CPI-MThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Modi s silence on divisive campaigns cause of concern: Muslim bodyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ukraine cease-fire appears to holdThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India  Aus to strengthen ties in vocational education trainingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Punjab and Haryana High Court quashes allotment of 350-acre prime land to DLFApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

After rallies  TV  PM Narendra Modi now guns for radio timeApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

PM Narendra Modi reviews Aadhaar  may use it to improve delivery of schemesApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Low-lying cities revamp their coastal defencesSeptember 5, 2014 3:16 pm
How cities are revamping their coastal defences
By Shannon Bond
Rising sea levels present the biggest challenge for low-lying cities such as New York, Mumbai and Guangzhou
©Robert Stolarik
A surfer enters the sea on Rockaway Beach in New York as work continues to repair the waterfront damaged by Hurricane Sandy
A soft breeze ruffles the grass taking root on Rockaway Beach, the tufts forming a loose grid that captures blowing sand and helps restore the dunes along this low-lying peninsula on the southern edge of Queens in New York City.
Delicate as the slender stalks are, they forge critical armour for the 3.5m cubic yards of sand that is being spread on the beach by the US Army Corps of Engineers. The project will help return this stretch to its pre-1970s elevation of 10ft or more above sea level.
More
The wasted power of Bitcoin
On a sunny Saturday in August, the shore is crowded with New Yorkers who have traded city streets for beach blankets and a dip in the Atlantic. Yet for the second summer in a row, sunbathers and surfers must share space with heavy construction equipment as workers replenish the sand, reconstruct the boardwalk and reinforce the shoreline against rising sea levels and severe weather, helping to protect the roughly 100,000 people who live on this narrow strip of land.
It has been nearly two years since Hurricane Sandy caused a 14ft storm surge to hit New York, which washed away houses, left millions of people without power, ripped boardwalks from beaches and flooded transit tunnels, causing damage that cost the city an estimated $19bn. The storm inundated 46.2 sq miles of the city – an area 65 per cent larger than what had been deemed at risk on the federal flood maps in use at the time, according to the National Resources Defense Council.
©Reuters
A US flag on top of the ruined boardwalk at Rockaway Beach
While life has returned to normal for many New Yorkers, the flurry of activity in hard-hit neighbourhoods like the Rockaways is just the beginning of a long-term plan to rebuild damaged areas, strengthen protections against future flooding and storms and reduce the city’s contribution to global warming.
“It’s been great progress but it’s early. Ten months into a 10-year plan, we’ve made some significant headway,” says Daniel Zarrilli, who heads New York mayor Bill de Blasio’s new office of recovery and resiliency.
An engineer who rode out the 2012 storm at his home on Staten Island, Zarrilli was asked by de Blasio’s predecessor, Michael Bloomberg, to produce a plan to rebuild the city after Sandy. He is now overseeing the implementation of many of those proposals, including restoring 26,000 linear feet of dunes on Staten Island, updating building codes, moving electrical systems to higher floors and repairing subway tunnels corroded by saltwater.
The city plans to spend $3.7bn on coastal protection; Zarrilli says more than half that amount has been funded. Studies show that every $1 spent on mitigation – efforts to reduce risk before disasters occur – saves $4 in recovery costs.
©Reuters
Map of Hurricane Sandy over the eastern US in 2012
The question of how best to protect New York’s 520 miles of coastline and 8.4m residents, almost 3m of whom live in designated hurricane evacuation zones, has generated a huge number of ideas from engineers, ecologists, urbanists and architects.
Among the proposals are oyster beds that would help absorb storm surges and retractable flood walls that would unfurl to protect lower Manhattan from rising water. Solar and wind-powered batteries and “smart microgrids” would keep electricity flowing even when a storm knocks out traditional power lines.
Barriers at the mouths of Brooklyn’s Gowanus Canal and Newtown Creek on the Brooklyn-Queens border would help keep dry the growing number of residents and businesses housed in the city’s floodplain.
Many of these projects have already won federal grant competitions, such as the US Department of Housing and Urban Development’s Rebuild by Design contest, which allocated $920m in disaster relief funds to six proposals in New York and New Jersey.
The biggest grant, $335m, went to the Big U project, which would wrap lower Manhattan in a series of parks and walkways incorporating berms and barriers under the FDR Drive, an elevated roadway, that can flip into position in event of a flood and protect buildings and electrical substations from water.
©Rebuild by Design
An artist’s impression of the proposed Bridging Berm at East River Park, New York, as part of the Big U project
A design to slow waves and buffer erosion with a necklace of artificial reefs off the south shore of Staten Island won $60m. During Sandy, storm surge and high waves battered the island’s shores, resulting in the destruction of buildings at a higher rate than in the city as a whole. The breakwaters would also be a boon to local ecology by serving as habitats for fish, shellfish and lobsters.
A $20m proposal for Hunts Point in the Bronx would include a greenway and flood protection structures along the waterfront of a neighbourhood that plays a key role in the city’s food supply network. Fresh food from around the world arrives at wholesale markets in Hunts Point where it is sold on to restaurants, supermarkets, schools, food banks and soup kitchens. While the peninsula, framed by the East River and Bronx River, emerged relatively unscathed from Sandy, its low elevation has raised concerns over its vulnerability to rising sea levels and the impact that any disruption to food distribution would have on millions of people across the region.
The decision by city and federal officials to focus on these kinds of targeted, location-specific projects is part of a “comprehensive strategy that looks at a broad range of climate risks,” says Zarrilli.
Studies show that every $1 spent on mitigation – efforts to reduce risk before disasters occur – saves $4 in recovery costs
In the immediate aftermath of Sandy, there were proposals to build a huge flood barrier across the mouth of New York harbour. Yet the costs associated with such a plan – $15bn to $22bn by some estimates – would likely be prohibitive.
Similarly, fully hardening the shoreline is dismissed as unrealistic. “This is a living waterfront. There’s fish, birds, people that use it and need access. Building a 12ft-high seawall all around the city is clearly not the right solution,” says Rob Pirani of the non-profit Hudson River Foundation. Such large-scale solutions also do not address the underlying factors behind rising sea levels, which experts say present the biggest challenge for low-lying cities around the world such as New York, Miami, Guangzhou and Mumbai.
“It’s the silver-bullet solution that doesn’t address the risks we face. Locally tailored solutions to specific risks in each community is a much more cost-effective way of reducing the long-term risk,” says Zarrilli.
Sea levels in the New York region have risen about one foot over the past century, according to data collected at tide gauges on the Battery at the southern tip of Manhattan. By the year 2100, the sea could rise another six feet as the polar ice melts, according to projections from the New York City Panel on Climate Change.
©Rebuild by Design
CGI of the Big U Project’s Harbor Berm at the Battery, Manhattan
That would make flooding from another storm like Sandy much worse – and the panel predicts severe storms will become more frequent and bring higher surges. “Whatever storm comes along, there will be increased coastal flooding due to sea level rise. So the risks of coastal flooding are increasing right here due to climate change,” says Cynthia Rosenzweig, a climate scientist at the Nasa Goddard Institute for Space Studies who co-chairs the panel.
The city is grappling with the risk of rising sea levels after a pledge first made in 2007 by then-mayor Bloomberg for a 30 per cent cut in greenhouse gas emissions by 2030. Zarrilli says New York is ahead of schedule, with emissions down 19 per cent since 2005.
There is also a human element to New York’s recovery and future disaster preparations. Pirani, of the Hudson River Foundation, emphasises that “resilience is more than physical infrastructure – it’s also the social networks that we saw played a huge role in coping with the aftermath of Sandy”.
New York’s current mayor echoed the sentiment during a visit in August to Red Hook, a working-class stretch of Brooklyn’s southwestern waterfront where homes and shops were flooded and residents of a huge public housing project were left without power for weeks after the 2012 storm.
“God forbid we see anything like Sandy again, but we have to be ready in any event. We want to make it better for people. We want to get them more ready for anything thrown at them,” de Blasio said during the visit. “It is a reminder of a new reality we’re living with, the reality of climate change. The events that we used to consider extreme weather are becoming more common. We can’t act like they’re unexpected.”
Shannon Bond is the FT’s US media and marketing correspondent
-------------------------------------------
Cities under threat
With more than half the world’s population living in cities and global wealth accumulating, flood damage costs are set to rocket as warmer temperatures raise sea levels.
London The Thames Barrier, completed in 1982, spans 520 metres downstream of the UK capital, making it one of the world’s largest moveable flood barriers. Closing all 10 gates takes about 90 minutes and protects 48 sq miles of London. As of March this year, the barrier had been closed 174 times since it opened – half of the closures were to protect against tidal surges from the North Sea and half to alleviate upstream river flooding. It is hoped the barrier will continue to be effective until the end of the century.
Guangzhou China’s third-largest city faces the highest financial impact from flooding of any major coastal city, according to the OECD. About 13 per cent of the Pearl River delta is below sea level, and water levels along coastal Guangdong province have been rising faster than global averages, according to China’s State Oceanic Administration. The provincial government this year called for cities including Guangzhou to upgrade drainage and sewage lines and engineer new flood control systems that will allow them to weather flood heights associated with the worst storms.
Melbourne Sea levels along Australia’s southeast coast are projected to rise almost 2ft by 2070, threatening swaths of the country’s second most populous city. Melbourne’s 1200 Buildings programme aims to retrofit more than two-thirds of the city’s commercial structures over the next decade. The plan calls for buildings to cut emissions, water use and energy consumption as part of the city’s goal to reach net-zero carbon emissions by 2020.
Ho Chi Minh City Perched on the Saigon River, Vietnam’s largest city is expanding toward the sea as its population grows beyond the current 8m. But the river that is the city’s economic heart is also the source of increasingly frequent flooding, and current urban development plans will leave two-thirds of Ho Chi Minh City at flood risk by 2025. The city has struck a partnership with Rotterdam in the Netherlands to adopt best practices from its Dutch counterpart, including increasing water drainage and storage capacity and building more resilient waterfront infrastructure.
Photographs: Robert Stolarik; Reuters; Rebuild by Design
Related Topics
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Sierra Leone plans Ebola lockdownLast updated: September 6, 2014 2:34 pm
Sierra Leone plans national ‘lockdown’ to halt Ebola
By Clive Cookson and Reuters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d4bafa7a-351c-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Box office collections: Filmmakers jump on Salman Khan  Shah Rukh Khan  Aamir Khan bandwagonApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

PM Narendra Modi to visit flood-hit J&K tomorrowPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 10:28 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will visit Jammu and Kashmir on Sunday to personally assess the damage caused by floods in the state.
He will first travel to Jammu where he will undertake an aerial survey, sources said.
Later in the day, he will go to Kashmir and take stock of the situation.
The visit takes place a day after Home Minister Rajnath Singh’s tour of the state which has been hit badly by the floods, claiming the lives of over 100 people.
Modi, while condoling the deaths in the flood, on Thursday announced Rs 2 lakh as ex-gratia relief for the kin of the deceased and Rs 50,000 for the seriously injured.

Govt to come up with  comprehensive policy  ...You are here: Home > Collections > Suggestions
Government to come up with 'comprehensive policy' for MSME sector
PTI Sep 6, 2014, 10.24PM IST
Tags:
Federation of Rajasthan Trade and Industry
(The government will soon…)
JAIPUR: The government will soon introduce a new comprehensive policy for the MSME sector after incorporating suggestions from related associations, Union Minister Kalraj Mishra said today.
He counted the problems of entrepreneurs in setting up a Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME) unit and said that the government would incorporate suggestions from the industry bodies and association so that a progressive environment can be made.
"I held meeting with representatives of 80 associations in Delhi and sought their suggestions to make the draft policy. We will incorporate important suggestions and soon introduce the draft policy," he said here at a meeting of "Laghu Udyog Bharti", which represents small scale industries.
The minister said that he has been given several suggestions by the industry people which would be considered positively by him.
He highlighted the importance of the MSME sector and said that the country would become a developed nation on the strength of the sector.
Mishra said the government was making several efforts for skill development, addressing issues related to loan sanction for micro industries and improving governance by implementing e-governance system.
"NOCs from various departments have to be taken to set up a unit and now we are putting in place a mechanism to simplify the process to seek NOC in a time-bound manner," he added.
RSS leader Suresh Joshi talked about the element of 'diversity' in micro and small level industries and opined that big industries should not be allowed to enter into the business where such small scale units are working in various regions of the country.
He said that products of such small units working in regions have their own quality and local identity which vanish when big companies enter into that trade and start manufacturing those products.
"Why big companies make soap, oil when these products can be produce or manufactured by small units. It not only dissolves the local identity of the product but also poses a threat to the existence of local units. It is a serious question and the government should seriously think about it," he said.
Industrialists Digvijay Dhabriya, Tarachand Goyal, Ghanshyam Ojha and Dilip Vaidhya were felicitated in the function at Birla Auditorium.
Earlier in the day, Mishra also addressed an event on the theme 'Prospects, Future and Opportunities for MSMEs in Rajasthan' organised by the Federation of Rajasthan Trade and Industry
FEATURED ARTICLES

J&K floods: 108 jawans airlifted from Border Out Postsflood
Indian Air Force and Army Aviation Choppers have airlifted 108 BSF and Army men from forward Border Out Posts (BoPs) as floods have badly hit security infrastructure along Indo-Pak border.
“A total of 108 BSF and Army jawans were evacuated from various marooned BoPs and forward posts along Indo-Pak border in Jammu sector today,” a senior Army official said on Saturday.
Floods have inundated most the stretches of border fencing and trapped BSF jawans in BoPs and also Army jawans in forward posts along Indo-Pak border in Jammu and Samba sectors.
Apart from this, IAF choppers of Condors have evacuated 564 people by braving adverse weather conditions and poor visibility in flood-hit areas of Jammu, PRO, Defence, Jammu, Lt Col Maneesh Mehta said.
Continuing with its yeomen service the Condors of Jammu Air Force Station under Air Commodore PE Patange on September 4 were alerted by the Civil administration for the flood-relief operations in the Jammu sector, he said.
The Air Force was fully ready to undertake the operations immediately, he said, adding that, the actual reports and the specific details of the locations started arriving at about 0600 hours on Friday.
Despite continuous rain and inclement weather, the first aircraft got airborne at 0649 hours and the rescue operations continued throughout the day in extremely challenging conditions pushing both the aircrew and the aircraft to extreme limits, Lt Col Mehta said.
He said a total of 108 people were rescued from marooned locations and brought to safety yesterday.
“Although the weather did not relent the operations were further intensified,” he said.
On Saturday, two ALH of the Army Aviation were attached to the Air Force under the command of the Air Officer Commanding, Air Force Station Jammu to aid with the relief work, he said.
A total of 16 sorties were flown by the Air Force MI 17 IV aircraft by Wing Commander Anup Sharma, Squadron Leader C.P. Savathi, Squadron Leader A. Sangwan, Squadron Leader Khanduri and Squadron Leader Shailesh Singh rescuing 456 civilians, Lt Col Mehta said.
Operation Rahat II was meticulously planned flawlessly executed under the most challenging environment. The response of the Air Force in the short reaction time speaks volumes about the professionalism and ability to operate under the most testing of conditions.

Text this LG fridge  and it will send you a selfieText This LG Fridge, and It Will Send You A Selfie
Use Your Phone to Check What's In Your Fridge
Keith Barry and Mike Roorda
September 04, 2014
LG's latest home appliance innovation may be the best implementation of smart technology we've ever seen in the kitchen. Best of all, it's coming to the U.S. soon.
At IFA in Berlin , LG showed off the RF874SBSS refrigerator. It features a Smart View camera that takes a picture of what's in your fridge every time you close the door.
If you're at the store and want to check what you're running low on, just open up LG's HomeChat smartphone app , and text "Smart View." It will instantly send a photo of the contents of your fridge to your phone.
Other fridges have featured inventory management before, but required the user to enter in every individual item. Few people have the patience for that right after a trip to the grocery store.
LG Smart View is such a common-sense application of connected home technology that we wonder why no manufacturer has thought to bring it to the U.S. before. Sure, we saw prototypes from Haier and Siemens at IFAs past, but this LG is the first that we'll be able to buy when we get home.
Of course, there's a full gamut of other smart tech, including a touchscreen interface that can display pictures, and HomeChat connectivity for adjusting temperature remotely.
The fridge itself is very similar to a model we tested earlier this year , and features LG's popular door-in-door technology.
As long as it's priced right—and we have no word yet on how much it will cost—we predict this fridge might be the first "smart" model to seriously attract consumers.
LG LSC22991ST 22 Cu. Ft. Stainless Steel Counter Depth Side-by-Side Refrigerator
How does this work?
Reviewed.com offers the ability to purchase products through our affiliate programs with retail partners. While we earn a small percentage of the sale, make no mistake that our ethics policy is strongly enforced here, too. You can buy products that have received both positive and negative reviews, because we realize that there's a right product for everyone.
Reviewed.com In Your Inbox

U.S. Plane Unexpectedly Lands In IranU.S. Plane Unexpectedly Lands In Iran
Reuters
reddit
WASHINGTON, Sept 5 (Reuters) - A charter aircraft flying from the U.S. airbase at Bagram in Afghanistan to Dubai was re-routed to Bandar Abbas, Iran, on Friday because of "issues with the flight plan," a U.S. State Department official said.
The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the Iranian authorities asked the Fly Dubai aircraft to return to Afghanistan. When told the aircraft did not have enough fuel to fly back, it was rerouted to Bandar Abbas, the official said, expressing the hope it would be able to leave Iran soon.
Washington and Tehran have had an antagonistic relationship for decades. The United States cut diplomatic ties with Iran in April 1980, five months after Iranian students occupied the U.S. Embassy in Tehran and took U.S. citizens hostage. Fifty-two Americans were ultimately held for 444 days.
At present, the two are divided over the Iranian nuclear program, which Washington suspects is aimed at building a bomb but which Iran says is for strictly civilian purposes.
The United States, which has spearheaded sanctions against Tehran for its refusal to give up sensitive uranium enrichment work, is negotiating with other major powers to try to get Iran to curb its nuclear work in exchange for sanctions relief.
The State Department official said an earlier report that Iranian fighter aircraft had forced the plane to land in Iran was not correct.
The official said "there were issues with the flight plan" of the plane, which was carrying about 100 Americans and possibly two Canadians.
In a statement, a Fly Dubai representative also played down the incident, saying the flight "has been diverted en route to Dubai and an updated arrival time is being established." (Reporting by David Brunnstrom, David Alexander and Arshad Mohammed; Editing by Sandra Maler and Grant McCool)
More:

A teacher s word brings change in the life of a studentThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Modi to receive Chinese Prez in Gujarat on Sept 17  says CMThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Aus uranium to be used in reactors under IAEA safeguards:IndiaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hc scraps govt order cancelling kal licence kal cables is only a...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Similar story we hv seen at venus remedies.once although long back it ...Silver Member
32 Followers
I used to do a some study til 3-4 months back but due to some essential work kept my self away .. for me it was period of wait and watch market need real strength and policies by govt.. the sentiment ha splayed its part .. the budget presented by new govt was not different than waht was presented 2-3 months ago .. their own first budget next year is what I would look for.. now about transgene I looked at it just now and it is moving as per my expectation expressed earlier  ... 4 - 7 rs .. debt is less .. this quarter sales and employess cost is less .. as from technicals i see it in the same range unless punters manipulate it .. Bye the way I hope you might have taken appropriate decision on reliance power when it was at 108 something .. you do not have to divulge anything here if you do not want to ... but just cared and expressed my thoughts.. K20

Means 10000 rupees capital was made 70 lakhs in 4 trading sessionsPlatinum Member
16 Followers
Thanks for reply Sir. mene isliye pucha ki me bank nifty 14000 ki put leke betha hua hua. Bought at 4 qty 1200. Bahut time se esa kar raha. sochta hu kabhi to miracle ho jayega.
In reply to : molly555 message
10.21 PM Sep 6th

i noticed he is very active in sterling international board.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

POLITICAL ROUNDTABLEThe Indian market has been moving higher on positive domestic developments; other emerging markets have done well because of strong global inflows, but given the global cues one could see a tactical correction in emerging markets, Jyotivardhan Jaipur...
Source : CNBC-TV18
Share this video with Friends
Most Watched Videos

Australian uranium to be used in reactors under IAEA safeguardsAustralian uranium to be used in reactors under IAEA safeguards
PTI
Tweet
Rawatbhata (Rajasthan), Sept 6:  
A day after it signed nuclear cooperation deal with Australia, India today said it will use the fuel procured through this deal for reactors that are under the UN watchdog, International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) safeguards.
Secretary, Department of Atomic Energy, Ratan Kumar Sinha said that Australian uranium or fuel procured through any international cooperation would be used in reactors, which were under IAEA safeguards, as per the Indo-US nuclear cooperation agreement.
He also reiterated that India will not sign Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT).
“There is absolutely no question about it. We cannot sign Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT), having been a strong supporter of non-discriminatory (nuclear) regime. All our international agreements have got a few common elements like cooperation will be civil nuclear agreement and that we will be bound by international safeguards,” he said here.
“We are bound by IAEA safeguard with respect of facilities in which equipment, material or the fuel will be used if they are coming through these international agreements and not beyond that,” Sinha added.
The DAE Secretary said under the Indo-US civil nuclear deal, there is a separation plan and some facilities have been under IAEA safeguards. These facilities are eligible for international supply of uranium.
“If we have to use the Australian uranium for reactors that are not under safeguards then we have to undergo the process of first bringing the reactor under (IAEA) safeguards,” Sinha said while replying to a question that uranium procured from Australia will be used in a specific reactor.
He added that country’s first Prototype Fast Breeder Reactor (PFBR) was taking time as it was first of its kind in India and even the one tried by Russia has not reaped expected success.
“There are very few successful examples of PFBR. Even there was a tsunami at the site and salty water had occupied filled the site. So we had to elevate the site and that took a year,” Sinha said.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)

Govt to come up with comprehensive policy for MSME sectorGovt to come up with ‘comprehensive policy’ for MSME sector
PTI
Tweet
Jaipur, Sept 6:  
The government will soon introduce a new comprehensive policy for the MSME sector after incorporating suggestions from related associations, Union Minister, Kalraj Mishra said today.
He counted the problems of entrepreneurs in setting up a Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME) unit and said that the government would incorporate suggestions from the industry bodies and association so that a progressive environment can be made.
“I held meeting with representatives of 80 associations in Delhi and sought their suggestions to make the draft policy. We will incorporate important suggestions and soon introduce the draft policy,” he said here at a meeting of “Laghu Udyog Bharti”, which represents small scale industries.
The minister said that he has been given several suggestions by the industry people which would be considered positively by him.
He highlighted the importance of the MSME sector and said that the country would become a developed nation on the strength of the sector.
Mishra said the government was making several efforts for skill development, addressing issues related to loan sanction for micro industries and improving governance by implementing e-governance system.
“NOCs from various departments have to be taken to set up a unit and now we are putting in place a mechanism to simplify the process to seek NOC in a time-bound manner,” he added.
RSS leader Suresh Joshi talked about the element of ’diversity’ in micro and small level industries and opined that big industries should not be allowed to enter into the business where such small scale units are working in various regions of the country.
He said that products of such small units working in regions have their own quality and local identity which vanish when big companies enter into that trade and start manufacturing those products.
“Why big companies make soap, oil when these products can be produce or manufactured by small units. It not only dissolves the local identity of the product but also poses a threat to the existence of local units. It is a serious question and the government should seriously think about it,” he said.
Industrialists Digvijay Dhabriya, Tarachand Goyal, Ghanshyam Ojha and Dilip Vaidhya were felicitated in the function at Birla Auditorium.
Earlier in the day, Mishra also addressed an event on the theme ‘Prospects, Future and Opportunities for MSMEs in Rajasthan’ organised by the Federation of Rajasthan Trade and Industry (FORTI).
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)

Another political murder in Kerala s killing fieldG Sreedathan |  Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 09:28 PM IST
G Sreedathan: Another political murder in Kerala's killing field
Giving in to demands of the BJP, the Congress-led state government has now decided to hand over the probe to CBI
The murder of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) leader Manoj Kumar has once again brought Kerala's Kannur district under the spotlight for the wrong reasons. People in this district, notorious for retaliatory killings by Communist Party of India (Marxist), or CPI(M), and Sangh Parivar cadres, fear this murder, too, will trigger a chain reaction.
The Sangh Parivar has, however, said it won't indulge in revenge attacks. It feels with a Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-led National Democratic Alliance government at the Centre, it could do more damage to its ideological rival through other means.
Within a day of the murder, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh, after a meeting with a delegation of top RSS leaders, called Kerala Chief Minister Oommen Chandy and sought a report on the incident. Following the Kerala unit of the BJP also seeking an investigation, the state government gave in to the demands, ordering a probe by the Crime Branch of the state police.
However, after the BJP alleged the chief of the investigation team was known to be a CPI(M) supporter, the state has agreed to hand over the reins of the probe to the Central Bureau of Investigation.
As bombs were hurled before Manoj's murder, the state police filed a first information report and invoked stringent provisions of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (UAPA), apart from pressing murder charges against the accused.
The CPI(M) has criticised the government for invoking UAPA provisions against the accused. P Jayarajan, the party's secretary for Kannur district, alleged the move smacked of the Congress and the BJP conspiring together. He questioned the invocation of an anti-terrorism Act in a case in which one person was killed and another injured.
Understandably, the CPI(M) can't pursue the matter beyond a certain point, as the party's official stand is it had played no role in the murder.
The party will find it difficult to defend a Facebook post by Jayarajan's son, Jain Raj, who hailed the murder of Manoj, an accused in a case of an attack on his father on Onam day in 1999, as welcome news; he had also congratulated the murderers. The state police has filed a case against Raj.
Observers say the trigger for the latest attack was attempts by the CPI(M) and the Sangh Parivar to poach workers from each other's folds. A few months ago, the CPI(M) had accepted a group of disgruntled BJP workers into its fold. On its part, the BJP gave party memberships to more than 100 CPI(M) workers and sympathisers and threatened to draw more.
BJP state president V Muralidharan said the attack was an attempt by the CPI(M) to incite violence and try to stop the exodus of its workers.
The CPI(M) has been witnessing an exodus of party workers for some time, especially after the murder of communist leader T P Chandrasekharan. It is also facing various ideological and organisational challenges, with a large section of its vote base shifting towards the BJP, as seen in the Lok Sabha elections this year.
Talking to Business Standard recently, CPI(M) secretary Prakash Karat had accepted this was a worrying trend, adding the party would analyse the factors behind this.
 Advertisements

A generational change is taking place in Congress: Sheila DikshitKavita Chowdhury |  Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 09:26 PM IST
A generational change is taking place in Congress: Sheila Dikshit
Former Delhi chief minister and Kerala governor Sheila Dikshit, speaking for the first time after her gubernatorial resignation, tells Kavita Chowdhury there is a need for Parliament to codify rules for governors if they are required to demit office with a change in the central government. Edited excerptsHow was your brief stint as the governor of Kerala, especially since you had moved on from the hurly-burly of active politics as chief minister to a laid-back life in a Raj Bhavan? It was a stin
Former Delhi chief minister and Kerala governor Sheila Dikshit, speaking for the first time after her gubernatorial resignation, tells Kavita Chowdhury there is a need for Parliament to codify rules for governors if they are required to demit office with a change in the central government. Edited excerpts
How was your brief stint as the governor of Kerala, especially since you had moved on from the hurly-burly of active politics as chief minister to a laid-back life in a Raj Bhavan?
It was a stint of exactly six months, from March to August. Kerala is a beautiful and welcoming state. I enjoyed it there. In fact, I needed the calm, both physically and mentally, after 15 years of governance and a year of organisation building before that, as Pradesh Congress Committee chief. It was a welcome break after 16 years of hard work.
Did the manner in which you had to resign as Kerala governor leave a bitter taste in your mouth?
I felt sad. I had gone there because I had been asked by the party and appointed by the president. The fact that my term could not last for five years did not disappoint me personally. I am not talking about individuals here, but the constitutional status and dignity attached to the the post of governor. Despite the Supreme Court ruling, the practice that has evolved is you change governors with a change of government. I think Parliament needs to take a look at this again.
When everything else is codified - the tenure of appointment of the governor, the immunity to the post and so on - this should be spelt out too, so that there is some dignity to the office of governors and they know they must automatically resign when the government changes. What hurt most was the denigration of the post of governor. I feel it's humiliation to a position that is constitutional.
Many have been of the view that as a United Progressive Alliance government appointee and a three-time Congress chief minister, you should have resigned as governor on your own when there was a regime change.
I had been appointed just six months ago and constitutionally appointed for five years. I was not expected to step down. But the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government has been claiming that changing governors was a practice during the Congress regime too. However, the precedence is being applied selectively. The precedence, in fact, was started by the Morarji Desai government and the BJP was part of that government. Either take a re-look at this system or ponder whether you want to retain the post of governor at all - the first citizen of the state. It was unprecedented the way other governors and I got a phone call from the home ministry and were asked to step down.
Some such as the Lt Governor of Delhi Najeeb Jung, have not been asked to step down.
Yes, it's selectively applied. The Delhi Lt Governor stays. The Lt Governor of Andaman and Nicobar continues.
Former chief justice of India P Sathasivam's appointment as your successor to the post of Kerala governor has generated much controversy.
The decision to appoint him was taken by a duly elected government and the appointment was accepted by the former chief justice. I have nothing more to add.
As an experienced Congress hand, how do you see the ongoing tussle between the old guard and young brigade in the party?
There was a tussle during Indira (Gandhi)ji's time also. Then, Rajivji died early, and then there was P V Narasimha Rao. In this case, it is a generational change that is happening, which appears a tussle to the people outside. Change is natural and the Congress party, too, is going through some changes. We are a large party and change cannot be wished away.
Senior leader Janardan Dwivedi has said that Congressmen aged more than 70 should step away from active posts. You are 76 years old. What are your views on this?
I don't know what the fuss is all about. Why can't 70-year-olds continue if they are able to contribute? After all, experience and energy go hand in hand. It is for the collective leadership to take a call on this.
The current turmoil in the Congress mainly emanates from the questions being raised about Rahul Gandhi's leadership.
When you're in a winning situation, no questions are raised. We lost the elections collectively as a party and you can't blame one person. Rahul Gandhi has worked very hard. In hindsight, you can say this went wrong and that went wrong. But there is a generational change taking place within the party. I just hope we learn from our mistakes and work collectively for the party. There have been periods of crisis and we will emerge out of it.
How do you assess the Narendra Modi-led BJP government's performance?
It has just been three months but have prices come down? Hasn't communal tension increased? That should be an issue of concern and not the oratory of Narendra Modi
After a two-decade career as an MP, three-time chief minister and governor, what are your plans? Do you see yourself taking on a national role in the Congress or campaigning for the party in Delhi if there were polls?
It has just been 48 hours since I arrived. Let me settle down; I want to shift to my flat in Nizamuddin. Yes, I will be in politics and I will do whatever the party wants me to. I haven't got the mindset of a person starting on a new career. But this I know - I will like to see the Congress strong because I believe the soul of India is represented by the Congress.
Are you planning on writing your memoirs like other politicians?
I have got some suggestions but haven't given them a thought. I'm thinking about doing something in the field of art since I'm very fond of it.
Weren't you pursuing these interests in Kerala's Raj Bhavan?
I saw a lot of their dance, Kathakali, and their music is very good. I read a lot of books on history, biographies on Nehru and Gandhiji. I also read a lot of books that I had read 15-20 years ago. Believe it or not, I even read Daphne Du Maurier's Rebecca again.
After six months of president's rule in Delhi, the BJP is now proposing to form a government.The Lt Governor has conveyed this to the Centre. The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), however, is lashing out at the Lt Governor, alleging since the BJP doesn't have the requisite numbers, it will only encourage horse trading. As a former Delhi chief minister, what are your views?
For Delhi, it will be good to have an elected government, but that will only be possible if either of the two parties have the numbers. But nobody wants to go in for elections. It is for the home ministry to take a call now if the BJP wants to stake claim. As for the AAP accusing the Lt Governor, does it have any proof? The AAP has always been inconsistent.
 Advertisements

Middle East Time Bomb: The Real Aim of ISIS Is to Replace the Saud Family as the New Emirs of Arabiareddit
This article is Part II of Alastair Crooke's historical analysis of the roots of ISIS and its impact on the future of the Middle East. Read Part I here .
BEIRUT -- ISIS is indeed a veritable time bomb inserted into the heart of the Middle East. But its destructive power is not as commonly understood. It is not with the "March of the Beheaders"; it is not with the killings; the seizure of towns and villages; the harshest of "justice" -- terrible though they are -- that its true explosive power lies. It is yet more potent than its exponential pull on young Muslims, its huge arsenal of weapons and its hundreds of millions of dollars.
"We should understand that there is really almost nothing that the West can now do about it but sit and watch."
Its real potential for destruction lies elsewhere -- in the implosion of Saudi Arabia as a foundation stone of the modern Middle East. We should understand that there is really almost nothing that the West can now do about it but sit and watch.
The clue to its truly explosive potential, as Saudi scholar Fouad Ibrahim has pointed out (but which has passed, almost wholly overlooked, or its significance has gone unnoticed), is ISIS' deliberate and intentional use in its doctrine -- of the language of Abd-al Wahhab, the 18th century founder, together with Ibn Saud, of Wahhabism and the Saudi project:
Abu Omar al-Baghdadi, the first "prince of the faithful" in the Islamic State of Iraq, in 2006 formulated, for instance, the principles of his prospective state ... Among its goals is disseminating monotheism "which is the purpose [for which humans were created] and [for which purpose they must be called] to Islam..." This language replicates exactly Abd-al Wahhab's formulation. And, not surprisingly, the latter's writings and Wahhabi commentaries on his works are widely distributed in the areas under ISIS' control and are made the subject of study sessions. Baghdadi subsequently was to note approvingly, "a generation of young men [have been] trained based on the forgotten doctrine of loyalty and disavowal."
And what is this "forgotten" tradition of "loyalty and disavowal?" It is Abd al-Wahhab's doctrine that belief in a sole (for him an anthropomorphic) God -- who was alone worthy of worship -- was in itself insufficient to render man or woman a Muslim?
He or she could be no true believer, unless additionally, he or she actively denied (and destroyed) any other subject of worship. The list of such potential subjects of idolatrous worship, which al-Wahhab condemned as idolatry, was so extensive that almost all Muslims were at risk of falling under his definition of "unbelievers." They therefore faced a choice: Either they convert to al-Wahhab's vision of Islam -- or be killed, and their wives, their children and physical property taken as the spoils of jihad. Even to express doubts about this doctrine, al-Wahhab said , should occasion execution.
"Through its intentional adoption of this Wahhabist language, ISIS is knowingly lighting the fuse to a bigger regional explosion -- one that has a very real possibility of being ignited, and if it should succeed, will change the Middle East decisively."
The point Fuad Ibrahim is making, I believe, is not merely to reemphasize the extreme reductionism of al-Wahhab's vision, but to hint at something entirely different: That through its intentional adoption of this Wahhabist language, ISIS is knowingly lighting the fuse to a bigger regional explosion -- one that has a very real possibility of being ignited, and if it should succeed, will change the Middle East decisively.
For it was precisely this idealistic, puritan, proselytizing formulation by al-Wahhab that was "father" to the entire Saudi "project" (one that was violently suppressed by the Ottomans in 1818, but spectacularly resurrected in the 1920s, to become the Saudi Kingdom that we know today). But since its renaissance in the 1920s, the Saudi project has always carried within it, the "gene" of its own self-destruction.
THE SAUDI TAIL HAS WAGGED BRITAIN AND U.S. IN THE MIDDLE EAST
Paradoxically, it was a maverick British official, who helped embed the gene into the new state. The British official attached to Aziz, was one Harry St. John Philby (the father of the MI6 officer who spied for the Soviet KGB, Kim Philby). He was to become King Abd al-Aziz's close adviser, having resigned as a British official, and was until his death, a key member of the Ruler's Court. He, like Lawrence of Arabia, was an Arabist. He was also a convert to Wahhabi Islam and known as Sheikh Abdullah.
St. John Philby was a man on the make: he had determined to make his friend, Abd al-Aziz, the ruler of Arabia. Indeed, it is clear that in furthering this ambition he was not acting on official instructions. When, for example, he encouraged King Aziz to expand in northern Nejd, he was ordered to desist. But (as American author, Stephen Schwartz notes ), Aziz was well aware that Britain had pledged repeatedly that the defeat of the Ottomans would produce an Arab state, and this no doubt, encouraged Philby and Aziz to aspire to the latter becoming its new ruler.
It is not clear exactly what passed between Philby and the Ruler (the details seem somehow to have been suppressed), but it would appear that Philby's vision was not confined to state-building in the conventional way, but rather was one of transforming the wider Islamic ummah (or community of believers) into a Wahhabist instrument that would entrench the al-Saud as Arabia's leaders. And for this to happen, Aziz needed to win British acquiescence (and much later, American endorsement). "This was the gambit that Abd al-Aziz made his own, with advice from Philby," notes Schwartz.
BRITISH GODFATHER OF SAUDI ARABIA
In a sense, Philby may be said to be "godfather" to this momentous pact by which the Saudi leadership would use its clout to "manage" Sunni Islam on behalf of western objectives (containing socialism, Ba'athism, Nasserism, Soviet influence, Iran, etc.) -- and in return, the West would acquiesce to Saudi Arabia's soft-power Wahhabisation of the Islamic ummah (with its concomitant destruction of Islam's intellectual traditions and diversity and its sowing of deep divisions within the Muslim world).
"In political and financial terms, the Saud-Philby strategy has been an astonishing success. But it was always rooted in British and American intellectual obtuseness: the refusal to see the dangerous 'gene' within the Wahhabist project, its latent potential to mutate, at any time, back into its original a bloody, puritan strain. In any event, this has just happened: ISIS is it."
As a result -- from then until now -- British and American policy has been bound to Saudi aims (as tightly as to their own ones), and has been heavily dependent on Saudi Arabia for direction in pursuing its course in the Middle East.
In political and financial terms, the Saud-Philby strategy has been an astonishing success (if taken on its own, cynical, self-serving terms). But it was always rooted in British and American intellectual obtuseness: the refusal to see the dangerous "gene" within the Wahhabist project, its latent potential to mutate, at any time, back into its original a bloody, puritan strain. In any event, this has just happened: ISIS is it.
Winning western endorsement (and continued western endorsement), however, required a change of mode: the "project" had to change from being an armed, proselytizing Islamic vanguard movement into something resembling statecraft. This was never going to be easy because of the inherent contradictions involved (puritan morality versus realpolitik and money) -- and as time has progressed, the problems of accommodating the "modernity" that statehood requires, has caused "the gene" to become more active, rather than become more inert.
Even Abd al-Aziz himself faced an allergic reaction: in the form of a serious rebellion from his own Wahhabi militia, the Saudi Ikhwan. When the expansion of control by the Ikhwan reached the border of territories controlled by Britain, Abd al-Aziz tried to restrain his militia (Philby was urging him to seek British patronage), but the Ikwhan, already critical of his use of modern technology (the telephone, telegraph and the machine gun), "were outraged by the abandonment of jihad for reasons of worldly realpolitik ... They refused to lay down their weapons; and instead rebelled against their king ... After a series of bloody clashes, they were crushed in 1929. Ikhwan members who had remained loyal, were later absorbed into the [Saudi] National Guard."
King Aziz's son and heir, Saud, faced a different form of reaction (less bloody, but more effective). Aziz's son was deposed from the throne by the religious establishment  -- in favor of his brother Faisal -- because of his ostentatious and extravagant conduct. His lavish, ostentatious style, offended the religious establishment who expected the "Imam of Muslims," to pursue a pious, proselytizing lifestyle.
King Faisal, Saud's successor, in his turn, was shot by his nephew in 1975, who had appeared at Court ostensibly to make his oath of allegiance, but who instead, pulled out a pistol and shot the king in his head. The nephew had been perturbed by the encroachment of western beliefs and innovation into Wahhabi society, to the detriment of the original ideals of the Wahhabist project.
SEIZING THE GRAND MOSQUE IN 1979
Far more serious, however, was the revived Ikhwan of Juhayman al-Otaybi, which culminated in the seizure of the Grand Mosque by some 400-500 armed men and women in 1979.  Juhayman was from the influential Otaybi tribe from the Nejd, which had led and been a principal element in the original Ikhwan of the 1920s.
Juhayman and his followers, many of whom came from the Medina seminary, had the tacit support, amongst other clerics, of Sheikh Abdel-Aziz Bin Baz, the former Mufti of Saudi Arabia.  Juhayman stated that Sheikh Bin Baz never objected to his Ikhwan teachings (which were also critical of ulema laxity towards "disbelief"), but that bin Baz had blamed him mostly for harking on that "the ruling al-Saud dynasty had lost its legitimacy because it was corrupt, ostentatious and had destroyed Saudi culture by an aggressive policy of westernisation."
Significantly, Juhayman's followers preached their Ikhwani message in a number of mosques in Saudi Arabia initially without being arrested, but when Juhayman and a number of the Ikhwan finally were held for questioning in 1978. Members of the ulema (including bin Baz) cross-examined them for heresy, but then ordered their release because they saw them as being no more than traditionalists harkening back to the Ikhwan-- like Juhayman grandfather -- and therefore not a threat.
Even when the mosque seizure was defeated and over, a certain level of forbearance by the ulema for the rebels remained. When the government asked for a fatwa allowing for armed force to be used in the mosque, the language of bin Baz and other senior ulema was curiously restrained . The scholars did not declare Juhayman and his followers non-Muslims, despite their violation of the sanctity of the Grand Mosque, but only termed them al-jamaah al-musallahah (the armed group).
The group that Juhayman led was far from marginalized from important sources of power and wealth. In a sense, it swam in friendly, receptive waters. Juhayman's grandfather had been one of the leaders of the the original Ikhwan, and after the rebellion against Abdel Aziz, many of his grandfather's comrades in arms were absorbed into the National Guard -- indeed Juhayman himself had served within the Guard -- thus Juhayman was able to obtain weapons and military expertise from sympathizers in the National Guard, and the necessary arms and food to sustain the siege were pre-positioned, and hidden , within the Grand Mosque. Juhayman was also able to call on wealthy individuals to fund the enterprise.
ISIS VS. WESTERNIZED SAUDIS
The point of rehearsing this history is to underline how uneasy the Saudi leadership must be at the rise of ISIS in Iraq and Syria. Previous Ikhwani manifestations were suppressed -- but these all occurred inside the kingdom.
ISIS however, is a neo-Ikhwani rejectionist protest that is taking place outside the kingdom -- and which, moreover, follows the Juhayman dissidence in its trenchant criticism of the al-Saud ruling family.
This is the deep schism we see today in Saudi Arabia, between the modernizing current of which King Abdullah is a part, and the "Juhayman" orientation of which bin Laden, and the Saudi supporters of ISIS and the Saudi religious establishment are a part. It is also a schism that exists within the Saudi royal family itself.
According to the Saudi-owned Al-Hayat newspaper, in July 2014 "an opinion poll of Saudis [was] released on social networking sites, claiming that 92 percent of the target group believes that 'IS conforms to the values of Islam and Islamic law.'" The leading Saudi commentator, Jamal Khashoggi, recently warned of ISIS' Saudi supporters who "watch from the shadows."
There are angry youths with a skewed mentality and understanding of life and sharia, and they are canceling a heritage of centuries and the supposed gains of a modernization that hasn't been completed. They turned into rebels, emirs and a caliph invading a vast area of our land. They are hijacking our children's minds and canceling borders. They reject all rules and legislations, throwing it [a]way ... for their vision of politics, governance, life, society and economy. [For] the citizens of the self-declared "commander of the faithful," or Caliph, you have no other choice ... They don't care if you stand out among your people and if you are an educated man, or a lecturer, or a tribe leader, or a religious leader, or an active politician or even a judge ... You must obey the commander of the faithful and pledge the oath of allegiance to him. When their policies are questioned, Abu Obedia al-Jazrawi yells, saying: "Shut up. Our reference is the book and the Sunnah and that's it."
"What did we do wrong?" Khashoggi asks . With 3,000-4,000 Saudi fighters in the Islamic State today, he advises of the need to "look inward to explain ISIS' rise". Maybe it is time, he says, to admit "our political mistakes," to "correct the mistakes of our predecessors."
MODERNIZING KING THE MOST VULNERABLE
The present Saudi king, Abdullah, paradoxically is all the more vulnerable precisely because he has been a modernizer. The King has curbed the influence of the religious institutions and the religious police -- and importantly has permitted the four Sunni schools of jurisprudence to be used, by those who adhere to them (al-Wahhab, by contrast, objected to all other schools of jurisprudence other than his own).
"The key political question is whether the simple fact of ISIS' successes, and the full manifestation (flowering) of all the original pieties and vanguardism of the archetypal impulse, will stimulate and activate the dissenter 'gene' -- within the Saudi kingdom. If it does, and Saudi Arabia is engulfed by the ISIS fervor, the Gulf will never be the same again.  Saudi Arabia will deconstruct and the Middle East will be unrecognizable."
It is even possible too for Shiite residents of eastern Saudi Arabia to invoke Ja'afri jurisprudence and to turn to Ja'afari Shiite clerics for rulings. (In clear contrast, al-Wahhab held a particular animosity towards the Shiite and held them to be apostates. As recently as the 1990s, clerics such as bin Baz  -- the former Mufti -- and Abdullah Jibrin reiterated the customary view that the Shiite were infidels).
Some contemporary Saudi ulema would regard such reforms as constituting  almost a provocation against Wahhabist doctrines, or at the very least, another example of westernization. ISIS, for example, regards any who seek jurisdiction other than that offered by the Islamic State itself to be guilty of disbelief -- since all such "other" jurisdictions embody innovation or "borrowings" from other cultures in its view.
The key political question is whether the simple fact of ISIS' successes, and the full manifestation (flowering) of all the original pieties and vanguardism of the archetypal impulse, will stimulate and activate the dissenter 'gene' -- within the Saudi kingdom.
If it does, and Saudi Arabia is engulfed by the ISIS fervor, the Gulf will never be the same again.  Saudi Arabia will deconstruct and the Middle East will be unrecognizable.
"They hold up a mirror to Saudi society that seems to reflect back to them an image of 'purity' lost"
In short, this is the nature of the time bomb tossed into the Middle East. The ISIS allusions to Abd al-Wahhab and Juhayman (whose dissident writings are circulated within ISIS) present a powerful provocation: they hold up a mirror to Saudi society that seems to reflect back to them an image of "purity" lost and early beliefs and certainties displaced by shows of wealth and indulgence.
This is the ISIS "bomb" hurled into Saudi society. King Abdullah -- and his reforms -- are popular, and perhaps he can contain a new outbreak of Ikwhani dissidence. But will that option remain a possibility after his death?
And here is the difficulty with evolving U.S. policy, which seems to be one of "leading from behind" again -- and looking to Sunni states and communities to coalesce in the fight against ISIS (as in Iraq with the Awakening Councils).
It is a strategy that seems highly implausible. Who would want to insert themselves into this sensitive intra-Saudi rift?  And would concerted Sunni attacks on ISIS make King Abdullah's situation better, or might it inflame and anger domestic Saudi dissidence even further? So whom precisely does ISIS threaten? It could not be clearer. It does not directly threaten the West  (though westerners should remain wary, and not tread on this particular scorpion).
The Saudi Ikhwani history is plain: As Ibn Saud and Abd al-Wahhab made it such in the 18th century; and as the Saudi Ikhwan made it such in the 20th century. ISIS' real target must be the Hijaz -- the seizure of Mecca and Medina -- and the legitimacy that this will confer on ISIS as the new Emirs of Arabia.
Close

Appeals Court Rules Wisconsin  Indiana Gay Marriage Bans UnconstitutionalAppeals Court Strikes Down Wisconsin, Indiana Gay Marriage Bans As Unconstitutional
 | By                                                                MICHAEL TARM
reddit
CHICAGO (AP) — A U.S. appeals court issued a scathing, unequivocal ruling Thursday declaring that gay marriage bans in Wisconsin and Indiana were unconstitutional, on the same day that 32 states asked the Supreme Court to settle the issue once and for all.
The U.S. 7th Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago was the fourth to hear arguments on the issue. The decision from a normally slow and deliberative court was released a little more than a week after oral arguments.
The unanimous, 40-page decision from a three-judge panel blasted the states' justifications for their bans, several times singling out the argument that only marriage between a man and a woman should be allowed because it's — simply — tradition.
There are "bad traditions that are historical realities such as cannibalism, foot-binding, and suttee, and traditions that ... are neither good nor bad — such as trick-or-treating on Halloween," the ruling says. "Tradition per se therefore cannot be a lawful ground for discrimination — regardless of the age of the tradition."
It also laid into another argument from the states that gays should not be allowed to marry because, on their own, they can't procreate, saying that rationale "is so full of holes that it cannot be taken seriously."
Wisconsin Attorney General General J.B. Van Hollen said he would appeal the ruling to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Also Thursday, Massachusetts and 14 other states where same-sex marriage is legal filed a brief asking the justices to overturn other states' bans on gay marriage. Meanwhile, Colorado and 16 other states that have banned same-sex marriage filed a separate brief asking the court to rule one way or the other to clear up a "morass" of lawsuits.
Since last year, the vast majority of federal rulings have declared same-sex marriage bans unconstitutional. Supreme Court justices typically take up issues only when lower courts disagree. But in this case, states are asking the court to settle the issue nationwide once and for all.
The Wisconsin and Indiana cases shifted to Chicago after the states appealed lower court rulings tossing the bans.
The court's decision won't take effect for at least 21 days, said Camilla Taylor, a lawyer for Lambda Legal who argued on behalf of Wisconsin plaintiffs. That should give the states time to ask the Supreme Court to put it on hold, she said.
Between the bans being struck down and a 7th Circuit order reinstating them as the appeals process ran its course, hundreds of gay couple in both states rushed to marry.
Gay couples heralded Thursday's decision.
"I have hope that we're going to be able to live in Wisconsin with full equality, that we won't be considered second-class citizens," said Roy Badger, of Milwaukee, who sued with partner Garth Wangemann to overturn Wisconsin's same-sex marriage ban.
In Indiana, some couples gathered at an office of the American Civil Liberties Union — whose lawyers represented many of the plaintiffs — after they received an email from one attorney proclaiming, "WE WON!!!"
But other people were unhappy.
"Marriage policy should be about protecting the established needs of children and society, not affirming the variable desires of certain political activists," said Micah Clark, executive director of the American Family Association of Indiana.
The decision came unusually fast for the 7th Circuit — just nine days after oral arguments. The court typically takes months on rulings.
Judge Richard Posner, an appointee of Republican President Ronald Reagan, wrote the opinion. During oral arguments, Posner fired tough questions at the bans' defenders, often expressing exasperation at their answers.
The other two judges on the panel were 2009 Barack Obama appointee David Hamilton and 1999 Bill Clinton appointee Ann Claire Williams.
The ruling echoed Posner's comments during oral arguments that "hate" underpinned the bans.
The opinion repeatedly mentions the issue of tradition, noting that some, such as shaking hands, may "seem silly" but "are at least harmless." That's not the case with gay-marriage bans, the court said.
"If no social benefit is conferred by a tradition and it is written into law and it discriminates against a number of people and does them harm beyond just offending them, it is not just a harmless anachronism; it is a violation of the equal protection clause," the opinion says.
A constitutional amendment approved in 2006 by voters banned gay marriage in Wisconsin, while state law prohibited it in Indiana.
The next appeals court to take up the question will be the San Francisco-based 9th Circuit, which will hear arguments Monday on gay marriage bans in Idaho, Nevada and Hawaii.
___
Follow Michael Tarm on Twitter at http://twitter.com/mtarm
___
Associated Press reporters Todd Richmond and Scott Bauer in Madison, Wis.; Tom LoBianco in Indianapolis; and Mark Sherman in Washington, D.C., also contributed to this report.
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

WATCH: Birds Show Off Amazing Ability To Make  Use Toolsreddit
Instead of an insult, perhaps the phrase "bird-brained" should be a compliment. Particularly if the brain in question belongs to a Goffin cockatoo, a.k.a. Cacatua goffini.
Captive Goffin cockatoos have been observed making and using tools to solve tricky problems. And now a series of experiments has shown that the birds can learn how to make and use the tools simply by watching other cockatoos.
"This is the first controlled evidence for the social transmission of an original tool use event in any bird so far," Stefan Weber, a student at the University of Vienna's department of cognitive biology and a co-author of a new paper about the research, said in a written statement.
For the experiments, researchers from the University of Vienna, the University of Oxford, and the Max Planck Institute in Germany observed a series of cockatoos that had been presented with a tasty nut just out of reach behind a wire screen, along with a wooden stick long enough to be used to rake in the treat. A cockatoo named Figaro, which years earlier had figured out how to use a stick in that fashion , served as the inspiration for the experiment.
Cockatoos with no prior experience using tools were allowed to watch Figaro use a stick to reach the nut and were then presented with the same challenge.
What happened? The birds proceeded to use the stick to get at the treat just as Figaro had. All three of the males in the group acquired "proficient tool use," the authors say. Interestingly, none of the female birds did.
Remarkably, the birds not only imitated Figaro's technique but built upon it, devising more efficient methods to get the nut.
"This means that although watching Figaro was necessary for their success, they did not imitate his exact motor activities ," lead author Dr. Alice Auersperg, a cognitive biologist at the University of Vienna, said in the statement. "Successful observers seemed to attend to the result of Figaro's interaction with the tool but developed their own strategies for reaching the same result, rather than copying his actions."
In other experiments, the cockatoos were observed whittling their own sticks off blocks of wood , after seeing Figaro do the same.
Speaking to the BBC, however, Prof. Richard Byrne , an expert in cognition at the University of St. Andrews in Scotland, offered an alternative explanation for the cockatoos' acquisition of tool use.
" [It could just be] trial and error learning ," Byrne said, whereby the birds are more likely to interact with an object because they see other birds doing the same thing.
WATCH Figaro and the other birds' techniques, above, and the tool-making itself, below:
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

Nato allies unite against ISIS  ready to challenge militantsNato allies unite, ready to challenge ISIS threat
AP
print
The US and key allies agreed Friday that the Islamic State group is a significant threat to Nato countries and that they will take on the militants by squeezing their financial resources and going after them with military might.
With the Islamic State militants spreading across eastern Syria and northern and western Iraq, President Barack Obama noted that the moderate Syrian rebels fighting both the group and the government of Bashar Assad are "outgunned and outmanned." In addition to the action pledged by fellow Nato leaders, he pressed Arab allies to reject the "nihilism" projected by the group.
President Barack Obama arrives on the South Lawn of the White House after returning from the NATO Summit in Whales on Friday in Washington. (AP Photo)
The new Nato coalition will be able to mount a sustained effort to push back the militants, Obama said. The US secretaries of State and Defense, meeting with their counterparts at the international gathering, insisted the Western nations build a plan by the time the UN General Assembly meets this month.
"I did not get any resistance or pushback to the basic notion that we have a critical role to play in rolling back this savage organization that is causing so much chaos in the region and is harming so many people and poses a long-term threat to the safety and security of Nato members," Obama said at the summit conclusion. "So there's great conviction that we have to act, as part of the international community, to degrade and ultimately destroy ISIL, and that was extremely encouraging."
Laying out a strategy for Iraq, Obama hinted at a broader military campaign, likening it to the way US forces pushed back al-Qaida along Pakistan's border with Afghanistan, taking out the group's leadership, shrinking its territory and pounding at its militant followers. To do that, the US used persistent airstrikes, usually by CIA drones.
So far, US airstrikes in Iraq have been largely limited to helping Kurdish forces and protecting refugees. But Obama has set a goal of dismantling and destroying the Islamic State, and said Friday that the US will continue to hunt down the militants just as it did with al-Qaida and with al-Shabab in Somalia.
Secretary of State John Kerry heads to the Middle East next week, and he expects to expand the coalition beyond Western nations.
Said Obama: "I think it is absolutely critical that we have Arab states and specifically Sunni-majority states that are rejecting the kind of extremist nihilism that we're seeing out of ISIL, that say that is not what Islam is about and are prepared to join us actively in the fight."
The Islamic State group espouses a radical form of Sunni Islam and initially invaded Iraq to fight its Shiite government.
"What we can accomplish is to dismantle this network, this force that has claimed to control this much territory, so that they can't do us harm," Obama said. He added that US ground troops in Syria are not needed to accomplish the goal, but instead can work with moderate partners on the ground in the country.
"They have been, to some degree, outgunned and outmanned. And that's why it's important for us to work with our friends and allies to support them more effectively," Obama said.
Watch: We will defeat ISIS, says Obama at NATO Summit
In a meeting with the foreign and defense ministers from the coalition countries, Kerry said leaders need a clear idea about what each country will contribute to the fight. And, while noting that many won't be willing to engage in military strikes, he said they can instead provide intelligence, equipment, ammunition or weapons.
"We very much hope that people will be as declarative as some of our friends around the table have been in order to be clear about what they're willing to commit, because we must be able to have a plan together by the time we come to (the United Nations General Assembly)," said Kerry. "We need to have this coalesce."
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel, sitting alongside Kerry, said the group forms a loose coalition that will be needed to face the insurgent challenge. He said the group can then be expanded. Along with the United States, the coalition comprises the United Kingdom, France, Australia, Germany, Canada, Turkey, Italy, Poland and Denmark.
Later, French President Francois Hollande said France was discussing with allies what type of action might be taken. "France is ready to act, but once the political accord is there and in respect to international law," Hollande said.
A senior Obama administration official said Thursday that the US wanted to establish a credible ground force in Syria by training more moderate rebels before taking military action there. A $500 million request is pending in Congress.
One prong of a Western coalition approach would be for the nations' law enforcement and intelligence agencies to work together to go after the Islamic State's financing - both in banks and more informal funding networks. But as long as the Islamic State has access to millions of dollars a month in oil revenue, it will remain well-funded, US intelligence officials say.
Nato Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said Nato has agreed to help coordinate assistance to Iraq. And he said Nato would consider putting together a mission to train and increase the capabilities of the Iraqi forces. Nato did training during the Iraq war.
Nato also agreed to increase cooperation among nations on sharing information about foreign fighters. A number of nations, including the US, have noted that radicalized citizens have been traveling to Syria and Iraq to fight, raising alarms that they could return to their home countries and launch attacks.
Denmark's foreign minister Martin Lidegaard said the effort against the militants "is not only about a military effort, it is also about stopping the financial contributions to ISIS, to coordinate intelligence, it is about stopping foreign fighters, young people from our own societies. It is decisive that we get more countries along."

Bhushan writes to Modi  wants CBI chief Ranjit Sinha sackedBhushan writes to PM Modi, wants CBI chief sacked
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 06, 2014
First Published: 00:05 IST(6/9/2014) | Last Updated: 11:59 IST(6/9/2014)
Comments
Lawyer-activist Prashant Bhushan has written to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, asking him to initiate action to remove CBI chief Ranjit Sinha for allegedly meeting people accused of corruption in high-profile cases such as the 2G spectrum and coal scam.
 Bhushan alleged that the Central Bureau of Investigation chief has been found to have acted in “concert” with the accused to influence or derail the investigation and prosecution of the cases.
“An abuse of the official position by any public servant to aid or abet an illegal act or to give undue favour to any third party amounts to grave misconduct and renders him liable for disciplinary action for the violation of Rule 3 of the CCS (Conduct) Rules, 1964 and also for criminal prosecution,” said Bhushan’s letter.
Bhushan’s request to the PM comes at a time when Sinha is under fire from two NGOs — CPIL and Common Cause — for holding private meetings at his residence with those facing CBI probes.
 
CPIL is a petitioner before the Supreme Court in the 2G spectrum case while Common Cause had petitioned the top court in the coal scam case. Both probes are court-monitored.
Bhushan has submitted a photocopy of the guest register maintained at Sinha’s 2, Janpath residence before a bench hearing the 2G case.
The court of Justice HL Dattu will consider CPIL’s plea to direct Sinha recuse himself from supervising the 2G probe on September 8.
Read: Agency moves SC for perjury against CPIL advocate
CPIL on Friday also filed an affidavit before the court saying it cannot disclose the identity of a whistleblower, who provided the NGO with the register’s photocopy. Such reliable sources of information must be protected in public interest.
The assertion came as Sinha’s counsel had September 4 insisted before the court to know the source of the register. CPIL reiterated the allegations against the CBI boss.
Common  Cause too has filed an application asking Sinha to stop supervising the coal scam.

Sahyadri Industries: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 06, 2014, 03.26 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sahyadri Industries: Updates on outcome of AGM
Sahyadri Industries Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the Minutes of the 20th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 08, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sahyadri Industries: Updates on outcome of AGM
Sahyadri Industries Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the Minutes of the 20th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 08, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Sahyadri Industries Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the Minutes of the 20th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 08, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

CVS Changes Name And Stops Selling Tobacco ProductsCVS Changes Name And Stops Selling Tobacco Products
 | By                                                                Tom Murphy
Updated:
09/03/2014  8:59 am EDT
Customers walk towards a CVS Caremark Corp. store in Dallas, Texas, U.S., on Friday, Feb. 7, 2014. CVS Caremark Corp. is scheduled to release earnings figures on Feb. 11. Photographer: Ben Torres/Bloomberg via Getty Images | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
As CVS sharpens its focus on customer health, the nation's second-largest drugstore chain will tweak its corporate name and stop the sale of tobacco nearly a month sooner than planned.
CVS Caremark said it will now be known as CVS Health, effective immediately. The signs on its roughly 7,700 drugstores won't change, so the tweak may not register with shoppers.
However, those customers will see a big change when they check out. The cigars and cigarettes that used to fill the shelves behind store cash registers have been replaced with nicotine gum and other products that help people kick the tobacco habit. CVS said earlier this year that it would stop selling tobacco products on Oct. 1.
CVS and other drugstores have delved deeper into customer health care in recent years, in part to serve the aging Baby Boom generation and the millions of uninsured people who are expected to gain coverage under the federal health care overhaul. They've built hundreds of walk-in clinics in their stores and have steadily expanded the services they provide.
Drugstores now offer an array of vaccinations and flu shots, and their clinics can help monitor chronic illnesses like diabetes or high blood pressure. CVS said its new name reflects its broader commitment to health care.
"We're doing more and more to extend the front lines of health care," CEO Larry Merlo said.
As part of this push, the drugstore chain announced earlier this year that it would phase out tobacco sales.
The company said it could no longer sell tobacco in a setting where health care is delivered, and the presence of that product was hard to justify when it tried teaming up with hospital groups and doctors to help with patient care.
Merlo said the company moved up its quit date nearly a month because they got ready for the move sooner than they anticipated, not because its distribution centers had already run out of tobacco.
The corporate name change represents an improvement because the average person didn't understand the word Caremark, which represents the company's pharmacy benefits management business, said Laura Ries, president of the brand consulting firm Ries & Ries.
The new name may provide a better sense of what CVS does to the few investors or people on Wall Street who don't know about the company, which is ranked 12th in the 2014 Fortune 500.
But Ries said the name's power is limited because health is a generic word that is common in many company names.
"It's an improvement off of Caremark, but it's not some amazing wonderful thing that will change the world," she said.
Also on HuffPost:

Mutual Fund Newsletter - September 01 to 05  2014Mutual Fund Newsletter - September 01 to 05, 2014
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 05, 2014 14:01 IST
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) plans to make it mandatory for issuers to reserve 25% of an initial public offering (IPO) for domestic mutual funds and insurers, according to a media report.
 
SEBI plans to reserve 25% of IPO for MFs, insurers
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) plans to make it mandatory for issuers to reserve 25% of an initial public offering (IPO) for domestic mutual funds and insurers, according to a media report.
 
However, if investors don't subscribe to their portion fully, the IPO could be considered a failure, the report added.
 
According to SEBI, a higher participation of 25% of the issue size or half of that slotted for qualified institutional bidders would enable a fairer valuation... Read more
 
RBI eases foreign transaction norms for buying govt bonds
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Thursday said foreign investors can now buy government bonds in secondary markets from mutual funds, banks or other dealers.
 
The RBI, in a notification on "Purchase and sale of securities other than shares or convertible debentures of an Indian company by a person resident outside India", said foreign investors can buy government bonds through any "prevalent market practice".
 
"With a view to providing flexibility in regard to the manner in which government securities can be acquired by eligible investors, it has now been decided to remove any stipulation as to the manner of acquisition from the said regulations," the notification said... Read more
 
SEBI to bar wilful defaulters of bank loans
SEBI (Securities and Exchange Board of India) is considering barring 'wilful defaulters' of bank loans from raising funds through stocks and other securities.
 
In order to impose restrictions on wilful defaulters, the Reserve Bank has suggested to SEBI that such entities should be prevented from raising funds through capital markets.
 
To impose restrictions on entities found to have 'wilfully' defaulted on bank loans, the RBI is exploring ways to share details of these defaulters with Sebi on a real time basis.
 
At present, the information about wilful defaulters of bank loans are shared with SEBI and others, including credit information agencies like CIBIL, on a quarterly basis. 
 
SEBI to study global systems to detect manipulators
In order to detect fraudulent and manipulative activities, SEBI (Securities and Exchange Board of India) is looking at market intelligence infrastructure and techniques of foreign regulators to put in place a 'trend-discovery module', according to a media report.
 
Sebi will study the systems put in place by its peer regulators in countries like the US, UK, Australia and Hong Kong for this purpose, the report added.
 
The proposed move is part of various policy issues under consideration of Sebi's Integrated Surveillance Department and aims to make its systems more effective.
 
SEBI is also considering possible action like freezing of promoter shares in a company found to be non-compliant to the Listing Agreement and other norms.
 
Brokers to publicise redressal contact details: SEBI
In order to strengthen grievance redressal mechanism for investors, SEBI (Securities and Exchange Board of India) has asked stock brokers and other market intermediaries to display in their offices contact details of their CEOs, compliance officers and of the regulatory authorities.
 
"It has now been decided that offices of all stock brokers (its registered sub-broker and unauthorized person) and depository participants shall prominently display basic information... About the grievance redressal mechanism available to investors," SEBI said in a circular on Thursday.
 
Stock brokers and depository participants would have to provide contact details (email address and phone numbers) of their compliance officers, as also of CEO/ Partner/Proprietor, so that an investor can approach the right authority for his or her grievance redressal, SEBI added... Read more
 
Govt hikes retail investor quota in OFS to 20%
The ministry of finance has changed the retail investor quota in the Offer for Sale (OFS) route. All future disinvestments will now have 20% quota for small investors, according to a media report.
 
At present, retail investors' quota in OFS is 10%, while 30% is reserved for them in the Follow on Public Offer (FPO). Currently, a minimum of 25% of the shares offered are reserved for mutual funds and insurance companies under the offer for sale mechanism.
 
The government has been using the OFS route for disinvestment of PSUs.
 
Field staff to enrol outsourced workers: EPFO
EPFO (Employees Provident Fund Organisation) has asked its field offices to enroll workers engaged by them through outsourced agencies as members and provide them Universal Account Number (UAN).
 
"..All field offices must ensure that each worker engaged through outsourced agencies is not only enrolled as PF member but also allotted UAN by KYC details," an office order said.
 
"It is observed that field offices of EPFO too are engaging workers through outside agencies/contracts..Such agencies should normally be covered under the (EPF) Act," it added.
 
EPFO headquarters have asked its over 120 field formations to submit a compliance report in this regard by September 15. 
 
FM set-up committee to examine un-claimed amount remained in PPF
The Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has approved the setting-up of a Committee under the Chairmanship of Deputy Governor, Reserve Bank of India(RBI) to examine un-claimed amount remained in PPF, Post Office, Savings Schemes etc and recommend how this amount can be used to protect and further the financial interest of the senior citizens.
 
The Finance Minister, vide para 39 of his Budget Speech 2014-15, had announced that "a large amount of money is estimated to be lying as unclaimed amounts with PPF, Post Office, Savings Schemes etc. these are mostly out of investments belonging to the senior citizens and on their demise, remain unclaimed for want of relevant payment instructions" and has proposed to set-up a Committee to examine and recommend how this amount can be used to protect and further financial interest of the senior citizens... Read more
 
Deutsche Asset Management India launches DWS Hybrid Fixed Term Fund
DWS Hybrid Fixed Term Fund Series 29 NFO open for subscription from 1st 15th Sept 2014
DWS Hybrid Fixed Term Fund - Series 29 is a debt fund that takes advantage of the trends in Fixed Income and Equity markets with a hybrid portfolio. A hybrid portfolio of debt and equity instruments would typically have low volatility as compared to equity; endeavors to preserve capital with potential for capital appreciation; and have a lower risk vis-a-vis a pure equity portfolio. The DWS Hybrid Fixed Term Fund Series 29 is an alternative investment for conservative investors intending to invest in equity markets.
 
The fund opens for subscription on 1st Sept 2014 and closes on 15th Sept 2014. The objective of the Scheme is to generate income by investing in fixed income securities maturing on or before the date of the maturity of the Scheme and to generate capital appreciation by investing in equity and equity related instruments... Read more

Insurance Newsletter - September 01 to 05  2014Insurance Newsletter - September 01 to 05, 2014
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 05, 2014 13:55 IST
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority chairman TS Vijayan said that insurance industry is attractive to many investors despite many insurers making losses
 
Insurance sector is still attractive to many investors: IRDA
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority chairman TS Vijayan said that insurance industry is attractive to many investors despite many insurers making losses. The IRDA chairman said that the insurance sector needs a lot of trained personnel to cope up with growth. Speaking on the sidelines of a programme by Indian Institute of Risk Management, on Wednesday, Vijayan said about 40 crore life insurance policies create huge potential for data analytics. Vijayan said that the FDI limit from 26% to 49% will be fixed by the government and the IRDA's job is to ensure that regulations are followed by the companies.
 
SEBI plans to reserve 25% of IPO for MFs, insurers
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) plans to make it mandatory for issuers to reserve 25% of an initial public offering (IPO) for domestic mutual funds and insurers, according to a media report. However, if investors don't subscribe to their portion fully, the IPO could be considered a failure, the report added. According to SEBI, a higher participation of 25% of the issue size or half of that slotted for qualified institutional bidders would enable a fairer valuation... Read more
 
Field staff to enrol outsourced workers: EPFO
EPFO (Employees Provident Fund Organisation) has asked its field offices to enroll workers engaged by them through outsourced agencies as members and provide them Universal Account Number (UAN). "..All field offices must ensure that each worker engaged through outsourced agencies is not only enrolled as PF member but also allotted UAN by KYC details," an office order said. "It is observed that field offices of EPFO too are engaging workers through outside agencies/contracts..Such agencies should normally be covered under the (EPF) Act," it added. EPFO headquarters have asked its over 120 field formations to submit a compliance report in this regard by September 15. 
 
FM set-up committee to examine un-claimed amount remained in PPF
The Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has approved the setting-up of a Committee under the Chairmanship of Deputy Governor, Reserve Bank of India(RBI) to examine un-claimed amount remained in PPF, Post Office, Savings Schemes etc and recommend how this amount can be used to protect and further the financial interest of the senior citizens. The Finance Minister, vide para 39 of his Budget Speech 2014-15, had announced that "a large amount of money is estimated to be lying as unclaimed amounts with PPF, Post Office, Savings Schemes etc. these are mostly out of investments belonging to the senior citizens and on their demise, remain unclaimed for want of relevant payment instructions" and has proposed to set-up a Committee to examine and recommend how this amount can be used to protect and further financial interest of the senior citizens... Read more
 
Universal Music, Max Life partner for i-genius Young Singing Stars
Universal Music India has partnered with Max Life Insurance for the 1st edition of their i-genius Young Singing Stars program. Universal Music is an integral part of i-genius Young Singing Stars; lending a hand to the initiative that recognizes and rewards young singing talent in the country. The initiative focuses on nurturing talent in deserving children, bringing them closer to their dreams. Time and again, Universal Music India has unearthed fresh music talent, putting the spotlight on budding musicians while giving them a global platform to showcase their talent... Read more
 
Canara HSBC OBC Life provides insurance cover to 25,000 social sector lives
With a focus on financial inclusion, which is essential for the countys development, Canara HSBC Oriental Bank of Commerce Life Insurance covered over 25,000 social sector lives between AprilAugust 2014, delivering affordable life insurance solutions to address the needs of the social sector and economically weaker sections of the society, especially those who have no or very little access to organised financial services. With this, Canara HSBC Oriental Bank of Commerce Life Insurance has also crossed the social sector target mandated by IRDA for the current financial year. The Company had also overachieved the mandated target in FY 2013-14 by covering over 56,000 lives as against a target of 25,000 lives. This has been achieved through the Companys bancassurance business model which enabled the Company to reach out to the financially vulnerable population, covering bank customers with a no-frill account and members of SHGs, Micro Credit Group, Joint Liability Group and Tenant Farmers Group with a bank account... Read more
 
Bharti AXA Life launches Elite Advantage
Bharti AXA Life Insurance, the private life insurance joint venture between Bharti Enterprises and AXA, one of the worlds largest insurance companies, introduces a unique traditional non-participating plan- Bharti AXA Life Elite Advantage. The plan provides the policyholder with guaranteed regular income payouts with a choice to choose the frequency of the payout (Quarterly, Semi Annual or Annual). Besides the regular payouts the customer also receives a guaranteed lump sum amount at maturity. Sandeep Ghosh, MD & CEO, Bharti AXA Life Insurance said, Amidst intensifying inflation coupled with rising daily expenditures, Indian households are struggling with inadequate savings. The Indian consumer is looking for investment solutions that supplement the regular household income to meet the ever increasing demands of the family. Bharti AXA Life Elite Advantage is a plan designed for such individuals who desire for a stable income along with long term insurance coverage... Read more
 
Cigna TTK Health Insurance expands in 5 more cities
Cigna TTK Health Insurance a joint venture between U.S. based global health service leader, Cigna Corporation, and Indian conglomerate TTK Group, announced the launch of its branches in Ahmedabad, Chandigarh, Coimbatore, Cochin and Pune, as a part of its expansion plan. At present Cigna TTK Health Insurance has its presence in Mumbai, Delhi, Calcutta, Chennai and Bangalore.
 
This was announced by Sandeep Patel, CEO and Managing Director, Cigna TTK Health Insurance Company Limited, We are delighted to bring Cigna TTKs products to the citizens of Ahmedabad, Chandigarh, Coimbatore, Cochin and Pune. Cigna TTKs focus is to encourage customers to stay healthy and live life to the fullest... Read more
 
ACORD acknowledges L&T Infotechs Insurance IT for GIC
L&T Infotech, a global provider of Information Technology Services & Solutions, and a wholly owned subsidiary of the USD 14.3 billion Larsen & Toubro, was invited to the ACORD (Association for Cooperative Operations Research and Development) Vendor Meet to present the implementation story of ACORD Standards for its Reinsurance client, General Insurance Corporation (GIC). This event was held on September 02, 2014.
 
ACORD is a global, non-profit Insurance Data Standards Development Organization, based in New York, USA. The ACORD Vendor Meet was targeted towards the whos who of the Insurance space working businesses, either locally or overseas. During the session, Puneet Bharal (Director, Global Development ACORD) briefed the audience on the globally implemented ACORD standards, which are a part of the day-to-day transactions. Bharal also spoke about the benefits of ACORD, what these standards can do for ones business, and the ways to use these standards and the ACORD Framework. Most importantly, he gave an update on how ACORD is moving forward in the Indian Industry... Read more
 
HDFC Life launches Life Health Assure Plan
HDFC Life, Indias leading long term private life insurance solutions provider announced the launch of its new health insurance product HDFC Life Health Assure Plan, aimed at providing a comprehensive health cover. The plan offers reimbursement of medical expenses incurred in a hospital and is available in two variants Gold Plan and Silver Plan. The plan allows coverage for families on floater cover basis, and provides flexibility to customize the plan with additional coverage options... Read more

Thank u very much aniket for your appreciation.140 Followers
Guess Fireworks have finished:-)
Even though I still can`t believe 2120,  Your conviction is very convincing! I also expect correction from this level, but In my young eye, I couldn`t see far  than 2300...I haven`t followed your posts back in the  past - Don`t know much about your Technical  Instincts and Accuracy  (Since I never had any interest in technical analysis those times- but because _Jay asked me to Try it, I`ve decided to give it a shot... So, was trying to learn this Group Manipulation Communication Language and so far - not bad...)
Let the numbers speak... When it hits 2120, You could close your Opponent`s mouth instead of just words.. All the best!
8.34 PM Sep 7th

Pak army  ISI targeting India to hit Sharif  says former CIA analystComments
Suggesting that Pakistani army and its spy agency ISI were targeting India and their own Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif in a dangerous game, a former CIA analyst has advocated greater US-India intelligence cooperation.
Release of a new al Qaeda videotape of its leader, Ayman Zawahri, announcing the creation of an al Qaeda franchise in India had further complicated the situation, according to Bruce Riedel, now director of the Intelligence Project at the Brookings Institution.
"Zawahri made the tape in his hideout in Pakistan, no doubt, and many Indians suspect the ISI (Inter Services Intelligence) is helping to protect him," he wrote in an article in The Daily Beast.
"Zawahri has longstanding links" to Lashkar-e-Taeba (LeT), the group which attacked Mumbai in 2008, and to its leader Hafeez Saeed," the senior fellow at the Washington think tank added.
The US state department, Riedel noted, had publicly blamed LeT for an attack on the Indian consulate in Herat, Afghanistan, right on the eve of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's swearing in to which he had invited Sharif too.
Noting that LeT is very close to the Pakistani military's spy agency ISI, he wrote, "LeT would not have taken such a highly provocative action without at least some advance nod from the Pakistani spies in the ISI and the generals who command them."
"LeT's leader, Hafeez Saeed, lives openly in Pakistan, frequently appears on television denouncing the United States, and is the darling of the ISI," Riedel added.
"One of the goals of the Herat operation was to discredit Sharif," he wrote, as the army has become increasingly unhappy with Sharif for putting the former army dictator Pervez Musharraf on trial and his reluctance to take on the Pakistan Taliban.
Violence has also surged along the line of control in Kashmir, he noted even as "Sharif had been urging deescalating the Indo-Pakistan rivalry and cutting back on the arms race, positions the army hardliners find threatening."
"In short, the Pakistani army and its ISI spies are once again playing with fire-with India, the LeT and Kashmir-in order to secure domestic gains against their civilian leaders," Riedel wrote.
The US should step up intelligence cooperation with India to prevent and deter attacks such as the ones in Mumbai and Heart, he suggested.
"Even if a terrorist action cannot be foiled, the more information exchanged about Pakistani ISI involvement with LeT, the more likely the US will have credibility with New Delhi if a crisis does occur," Riedel wrote.
The United States should also consider a unilateral step if another attack occurs, threatening to place Pakistan on the State Department list of states sponsoring terrorism, he suggested.
Alternatively, Riedel wrote a "targeted sanctions move against specific Pakistani military officials would send a strong deterrent message to the Pakistani army and could be a warning shot before putting Pakistan on the list of terror patrons."
Finally there should be contingency planning between Washington and New Delhi about managing a future Indo-Pakistan crisis like the Mumbai crisis, he wrote.
"This would be intended to create dialogue, not create a platform to gang up on Pakistan. But in any case it would be prudent to plan for the worst," Riedel wrote.

You ve Never Seen A Samsung Phone Like This BeforeSamsung Announces Galaxy Note Edge, Huge New Phone With Curved Display
 | By                                                                FRANK JORDANS and ANICK JESDANUN
Posted:
reddit
BERLIN (AP) — Samsung unveiled two smartphones and a virtual-reality headset Wednesday in a bid to draw consumer attention before its fierce rival, Apple, announces its holiday lineup next week.
Samsung, whose phones have gotten progressively larger each year, has decided that bigger isn't better this time. Instead, Samsung's Galaxy Note 4 retains the 5.7-inch screen of last year's model, but adds a speedier processor, a better screen, better cameras and software to fit more people into selfies.
The announcement at the IFA trade show in Berlin comes as Samsung's smartphone sales fell 4 percent in the second quarter, compared with a year ago, even though it launched the Galaxy S5 in April. According to IDC, Samsung's share of the global smartphone market fell 7 percentage points to 25 percent.
"Samsung needs the Galaxy Note 4 to be a hit," said Ben Wood, chief of research at CCS Insight. "It has to make up some of the ground it lost as a result of the relatively poor reception to the all-plastic Galaxy S5."
Wood said the new metal-based design of the Note 4 could offer the kind of premium look and feel that Samsung needs to compete with Apple's much-anticipated iPhone 6.
Apple's iPhone 6 is widely expected to have a 4.7-inch screen, up from the current 4 inches, to make it more competitive with larger smartphones made by Samsung and other companies. There has been speculation that Apple may also unveil an iPhone with a 5.5-inch screen, putting it in competition with the Note 4.
A computerized wristwatch might come from Apple, too, competing with Samsung's own smartwatches.
Besides the Note 4, Samsung unveiled the Galaxy Note Edge with a side display for quick access to the camera controls, news and frequently used apps.
Ian Fogg, an analyst who follows the mobile industry at IHS in London, said the side display distinguishes Samsung's phone from others, but Samsung will need to persuade app developers to take advantage of it.
Samsung's earlier attempt to introduce finger levitation, allowing users to hover their fingers over a device and not touch the screen, didn't take off. Developers didn't build the technology into their apps.
But some of those who got their hands on the Edge at the IFA show were enthusiastic.
"Users often don't know what they want until they see it, and I think this will be one of those features," said Martin Gicheru, managing editor of Techweez, a technology news site based in Nairobi, Kenya.
Alongside its new phones, Samsung launched an eye-catching virtual-reality headset called Gear VR. It uses sensors to gauge the head's position, giving people an immersive experience with concerts, aerial footage and games.
But video and other content will need to be developed. Some content partnerships were announced Wednesday, and Samsung says more will come by the time the device goes on sale. NextVR of Laguna Beach, California, plans to offer live sports and music events through the Samsung device. NextVR already works with other virtual-reality headset makers.
The Gear VR requires a Note 4 to work, limiting its appeal for anyone who doesn't want to buy a new phone. But its modest price of $200 makes it an attractive add-on for those already planning to splash out on the latest Samsung phone. Prices for the phones weren't announced, but the Note 4 will probably be in the range of $700 and the Edge will likely be even more.
All three products are due for release in October — in time for holiday shopping. Apple's new phones are likely to come out sooner.
Even as Samsung unveiled its phones, tech analysts at Gartner predicted that iPhones will be the "must-have" gadget of the holidays.
"There's no question that's going to be the new device that will drive existing upgrades," Gartner analyst Hugues J. De La Vergne said.
He said there has been pent-up demand for larger iPhones, and Apple looks to be delivering on that, negating a major advantage that Android phones have had.
Besides facing that challenge from Apple, Samsung also has been losing ground to upstart Chinese manufacturers after several years of headlong growth, according to IDC.
Speculation is also rife that Apple will launch a smartwatch in time for the holidays. In just a year, Samsung is on its fifth smartwatch with the announcement of its Galaxy Gear S last week. Unlike past watches, this one has 3G cellular connectivity and can do more without a companion smartphone nearby.
Wood, of CSS Insight, said Samsung's rapid roll-out of new products underlined the ever-quickening pace of the mobile devices space.
"Samsung (has) to anticipate Apple's every move while looking over its shoulder at the ever-present threat from Chinese manufacturers," he said.
___
AP Technology Writer Anick Jesdanun reported from New York. Mae Anderson in New York and Jona Kallgren in Berlin contributed to this report.
Also on The Huffington Post
Close
Samsung Galaxy Edge: In Pictures
of

Raju The Crying Elephant May Be Forced Back To A Life In Chainsreddit
The story of Raju, the elephant who cried when he was freed after 50 years in shackles, touched millions around the world just two months ago. Now, in a cruel twist of fate, Raju might be sent back to a life in chains.
Raju was captured as a baby and bought and sold over his 50-year lifespan, all while being forced to work as a begging elephant and shackled in spikes chains. Wildlife SOS, an animal protection group, rescued Raju from his abusive owner and mahout -- an individual who rides elephants -- during a July mission in the Uttar Pradesh region of India.
"The vet and our team came with fruits and just started speaking softly to him and to reassure him that we were there to help, and it was at that time that tears flooded down his face," Nikki Sharp, the executive director of Wildlife SOS-USA, told The Huffington Post, adding: "They've done a lot of elephant rescues and the fact [that] the tears were just coming down ... he was weeping. It was an emotional moment and everyone was more motivated to get him on the truck and to safety."
Raju's story seemed to have a happy ending when he was taken to the Elephant Conservation and Care Centre in Mathura. But now that happiness is threatened.
Wildlife SOS revealed on Aug. 27 that Raju's owner is attempting to get him back .
Raju has suffered 50 years of unimaginable cruelty. Two months ago, the world worked together to set him free. But it turns out his awful past is not fully behind him. The cruel person who denied him even the most basic comforts has just filed papers in court to get him back. Be his voice and stand up for his freedom!
“His owner is arguing that Raju is his property , which must be returned to him for his use," Wildlife SOS founder Kartick Satyanarayan said, per The Hindu. "The thought of him being forced back to a life in chains is just horrific ... We are now anxiously awaiting our first court hearing in Allahabad, next week on September 4 to find out the fate of Raju. We want this case to set a precedent across India to change the way elephants are treated and abusers are punished and justice prevails for these magnificent creatures that suffer in silence."
Elephants are protected by law in India , the Telegraph notes, but many are still kept illegally and abused by mahouts.
In an FAQ page, the group identifies Raju's previous owner as a Mr. Shahid, who was charged with illegal custody of Raju last year. This case is still in the court systems, but if found guilty Shahid faces three to seven years in jail. Right now, Wildlife SOS has legal custody of Raju thanks to a court order. While Shadid claims Raju is his property, the group contends Shahid was never Raju's legal owner and has no legal documents to substantiate his claim.
Wildlife SOS launched a petition on Change.org titled "Keep Raju Free," which already has over 94,000 signatures. The group also set up an elephant legal defense fund to collect money to help fight for Raju.
"We are planning to fight tooth and nail through the courts to ensure this can’t happen. We will take it to the highest legal levels and to the Supreme Court of India if required," Satyanarayan said, per the Daily Mail. "We will argue that he broke wildlife protection laws and animal cruelty laws through his treatment of Raju , and that [Raju] was being kept illegally after being trafficked from handler to handler from being poached as a calf."
In August, Wildlife SOS reported that Raju has been doing wonderfully at the refuge. He loves to play in the water, he is spoiled with buckets of foods, and he has even made some female friends.
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

You Never Thought You d Want A Vacuum So Badlyreddit
This is one vacuum you won't want to hide in the linen closet. In fact, we'd recommend displaying it in on your coffee table. It's that gorgeous...
The vacuum is the final result of 16 years of hard work by Dyson, the biggest name in high-end vacuums. Officially named the Dyson Eye 360 , it is the company's first robotic vacuum, complete with infrared sensors and a 360-degree camera (hence the name).
The vacuum was announced by the company on Thursday but won't be available for purchase until next year. It's also not the world's first robotic vacuum, but it's in a completely different league than the well-known Roomba .
What can this vacuum do that makes it so special? How about scan your home to see where it needs to clean?
It gets better: When the Dyson Eye 360's battery gets low, it scoots itself over to its docking station and recharges itself. Cords are so 2000 and late.
The Eye 360 will also link to your phone, so that you can schedule cleanings when you're not home. It all sounds pretty incredible, but we have to think that there may be some unfortunate privacy concerns, since, well, it's an autonomously moving camera inside your home. Remember, nothing is safe from hacking.
The Dyson Eye 360 will be available in Japan in spring 2015 before expanding to the rest of the world. There is no set price yet, but based on previous products , we can assume that this one will cost at least $500. Roombas, for comparison, can cost upwards of $699 .
Dyson said in its press release that it spent almost $47 million in research and design for the Eye 360.
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

Getty Images sues Microsoft over new online photo toolSep 06, 2014 at 01:21pm IST
Getty Images sues Microsoft over new online photo tool
0
0
New York: A new Microsoft product that allows website publishers to embed digital photographs on their sites is a "massive infringement" of copyrighted images, Getty Images claimed in a lawsuit filed in federal court in New York.
The "Bing Image Widget," released on August 22, gives publishers the ability to create a panel on their websites that displays digital images supplied by Microsoft's Bing search engine, according to the lawsuit.
Rather than draw from a pool of licensed images, the lawsuit claimed, the product grants access to the billions of images that can be found online, without regard to whether the photos are copyrighted.
The "Bing Image Widget," released on August 22, gives publishers the ability to create a panel on their websites that displays digital images supplied by Microsoft's Bing search engine.
#microsoft #photos #getty images
"In effect, defendant has turned the entirety of the world's online images into little more than a vast, unlicensed 'clip art' collection for the benefit of those website publishers who implement the Bing Image Widget, all without seeking permission from the owners of copyrights in those images," the lawsuit said.
Getty, which produces and distributes photos, video, music and multi-media products, is asking a judge in US District Court to block the widget immediately and award an unspecified amount of damages. The actual injury to Getty is "incalculable," according to the lawsuit.
In a statement, a Microsoft spokeswoman said the company would consider whether Getty's claims had merit.
"As a copyright owner ourselves we think the laws in this area are important," the spokeswoman said in an email. "We'll take a close look at Getty's concerns."
John Lapham, general counsel for Getty, said his company has been engaged in discussions with Microsoft for more than a year about what he called the "erosion" of copyright protection for online images.
The widget, he said, goes well beyond a search tool by helping websites embed copyrighted images for commercial use. Getty's own embedding tool, by contrast, is only available for non-commercial websites and includes photographer attribution, he said.
"Now you have someone else's picture in full, beautiful display on your website, having never paid for it and with no attribution to the photographer at all," he said.
The widget is already in use by websites around the world, the lawsuit said. Getty owns or represents more than 80 million unique digital images, according to the lawsuit.
3

Indian women show indomitable powerIndian women show indomitable power
MELINDA GATES
Yet, each year, 50,000 mothers in India die from pregnancy-related problems
September 6, 2014:  
I visit India about once a year. The reason I come so regularly is that the foundation I started with my husband, Bill, works with Indian partners to help advance the country’s development. The Gates Foundation is based on the belief that every human being deserves the chance to lead a healthy, productive life.
When Bill and I worked in information technology, we saw brilliant innovations that benefitted people whose lives were already good. So we decided to devote our resources and the rest of our lives to investing in innovations that help the poor, including India’s poor.
Whenever I travel in a country, I like to read books that help me get to know the place and its people. One facet of India’s history that resonates with me is the way women struggled to break into the male-dominated Independence movement so they could stand against British colonialism.
Ways to reach
The Independence Day just past, provided me an opportunity to learn about Rani Lakshmibai, Begum Hazrat Mahal, and many others. Sarojini Naidu insisted on joining the all-male Salt March to Dandi in 1930. Following her bold example, thousands of women, educated and un-educated alike, spurred on the Independence movement by marching and making their own salt to protest the British monopoly.
India’s stunning victory against polio was made possible by millions of frontline workers — almost all of them women — who found ways to reach every single Indian child with the vaccine. The number of Indian children who die has gone down by 60 per cent since 1990. Why? It’s because ASHAs, ANMs, and Anganwadi workers are working together with mothers to give more children better basic care.
Empowering women
I often wonder how we can tap into the power of all these Indian women to make life better for themselves and their families. Empowering women and girls is important to me because I am a woman and the mother of two daughters, and I strongly believe it’s the right thing to do. Women are one of society’s best assets, because they prioritise healthcare, nutritious food, and education — which make for prospering communities.
The fact is, women tend to invest more of their earnings than men in their family’s well-being — as much as 10 times more. One study says that when the mother controls the household budget, her children are 20 per cent more likely to survive.
Each year, 50,000 Indian mothers die due to pregnancy related complications. Those deaths are tragic for the simple fact that India is losing its mothers and the ripple effect of a missing mother on her children and community is incalculable. And though child deaths have been coming down, 1.4 million Indian children still die every year, most from preventable causes.
Malnutrition takes a staggering toll on India, too. Nearly half the deaths of children under 5 in India can be attributed to malnutrition. Millions of children who suffer from malnutrition don’t develop cognitively the way they should. Investing in saving lives is an investment in Indian women and girls, which is in turn an investment in India’s future.
Bill and I are encouraged by the steps the Indian Government is taking to help its poorest. The National Rural Health Mission has made a great impact. We’re also proud to be partners with the Government, which is investing heavily in the health of its women and children.
I’m optimistic that the books I’ll read on future visits to India will tell a story equally as compelling as Sarojini Naidu’s. A story written for all India’s men, women and children.
(The writer is co-chair and trustee of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. This article is exclusive to Business Line)
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)
Related

How bad is a daily dose of plastic for your healthHow bad is a daily dose of ‘plastic’ for your health?
Aesha Datta
Tweet
September 6, 2014:  
Breast cancer survivor Akriti Sharma is on regular medication. She is apprehensive that the plastic bottles she has her medicines from could have an adverse effect on her health.
“In any case, plastics are also known to damage the environment. So, why use something which is meant to help you but can end up damaging you?”
Sharma’s concern may not be something too many consumers are aware of. But could the packaging of our medicines, indeed, push us towards more diseases? Pro-green groups and consumer activists believe so and so does the Government. Chemicals could leach into life-saving medicines if plastics are used for packaging, they say. But the plastic industry counters that plastic is a legally and globally accepted packing material.
Big impact
Last year, the Drugs Technical Advisory Board (DTAB) had recommended that the pharmaceutical industry switch to glass from plastic for packaging liquid oral medicines. A senior Health Ministry official said expert opinion from the Indian Council of Medical Research further endorsed DTAB’s suggestions.
“Samples were tested and it was found to have high chemical leaching. A report is being sent to the Minister. A notification banning plastic use is expected soon,” the official says. The DTAB had said, “Many chemical additives that give plastic products desirable performance properties have grave negative environmental and human health effects.” These include direct toxicity and endocrine disruption that could lead to cancer, birth defects, immune system suppression and developmental problems in children.
Biswajit Ghosh, President, PET Container Manufacturers' Association (PCMA), however, points out, “PET bottles are not harmful. The DTAB recommendation is not based on any scientific evidence. Australia, too, has high temperatures. But, they are still using PET bottles. If the Ministry goes ahead with this ban, we are prepared to go to the court.”
Calling the ban “unjust,” IDMA President, Manish Doshi says: “PET bottles are being used widely in packaging of oral liquids and tablets in the US, Europe as well as Japan.” But, Toxics Link’s Associate Director Satish Sinha disagrees. “An important factor is the temperature variance between the US and India. Here, because of high temperatures, the possibility of leaching is more.”
Poor segregation
Chandra Bhushan, Deputy Director General with the Centre for Science and Environment, cautions: “There is a tendency to re-use glass bottles and if they are not disinfected, it can result in other infections arising out of biological contaminants.”
On the other hand, consumer policy expert Bejon Misra, points out, “Medicines across the world are researched and developed under test conditions using glass apparatus and not plastic. The final quality of medicines and its efficacy are tested in a glass bottle and not plastic bottles.”
Plastic medicine bottles, in fact, go beyond affecting consumers, as pro-greens point to medical waste and plastics’ contribution to environmental hazard.
Sinha says, “Due to poor segregation practice of medical waste, plastic bottles often end up in yellow bags designated for incineration. This is a serious concern because Indian rules restrict the burning of plastic as it generates dioxin and furans.”
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)
Related

Rajiv Rattan takes control of Indiabulls PowerRajiv Rattan takes control of Indiabulls Power
Jyoti Mukul | New Delhi Sep 06, 2014 10:48 PM IST
A version of this article appeared in the print edition on September 7, 2014.
Rajiv Rattan, one of the three promoters of the India Bulls group, has in a sudden move taken control of the group's two power companies after buying out Saurabh Mittal's stake in Indiabulls Infrastructure and Power, the holding company for Indiabulls Power.
 
The acquisition comes within two months of the three original promoters deciding to recast their holdings in the group. Mittal will now focus on the information technology business which was earlier part of the group.
 
After buying out Mittal's 5 per cent holding in Indiabulls Infrastructure and Power, Rattan infused fresh equity amounting to Rs 360 crore into Indiabulls Power through his private company. Rattan will now hold 5 per cent directly in the company. Besides, Indiabulls Infrastructure and Power, where Rattan has a 42 per cent stake, including warrants, will hold 52 per cent in Indiabulls Power.
 
Rattan's control over the power business coincides with Indiabulls Power being allowed a Rs 1.55 a unit compensatory tariff for using imported coal as pass through for its plant at Amravati in Maharashtra. In an August 20 order, the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) granted Indiabulls Power the pricing flexibility.
 
Rattan and Mittal had in July bought out Sameer Gehlaut's 50 per cent stake in Indianbulls Infrastructure and Power.
 
Both Rattan and Mittal will continue to hold 15 per cent stakes in Indiabulls Housing Finance, 18 per cent stakes in Indiabulls Securities and substantial stakes in Indiabulls Real Estate valued at around Rs 3,000 crore at current stock prices. In July, Gehlaut took control of the three companies. Under an agreement reached then, the power business will not be using the Indiabulls brand name after December.
 
Speaking to Business Standard, Rattan said though they were approached for buy-outs they did not take the offers because he believed problems in the power business had reached "rock bottom". "In view of the proactive approach by the central government in resolving power sector issues, the worst seems to be over and things are looking up for the sector," said Rattan who is the founding chairman of Indiabulls Power. Besides, the clear differentiator between the company and its peers, he said, was that Indiabulls Power was the only listed company in the power space that would not be impacted by the deallocation of coal blocks because it did not have any captive blocks.
 
The company will use imported coal to make up for the supply shortfall from Coal India Ltd at it Amravati plant. This will help it increase its plant load factor to above 85 per cent and that will positively impact the bottom line.
 
"The order has come under the change in law clause following an amendment in the coal distribution policy. The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) in June 2013 also allowed power procurers to pass through the increase in tariff because of use of imported coal," said Rattan.
 
Indiabulls Power is currently supplying power to Maharashtra state utilities through long-term power purchase agreements. According to the power purchase agreements, the company's tariff will increase by 60 paise a unit from April 1, 2015, accruing it earnings before tax, depreciation and amortisation of Rs 1,700 crore from its 1,350 Mw plant alone. Indiabulls Power has under execution two 2,700 Mw power plants at Amravati and Nashik in Maharashtra. It has an installed capacity of 810 Mw and is aiming to achieve 2,700 Mw installed capacity by December 2015.
TACTICAL MOVES
JULY: Rattan and Mittal buy out Sameer Gehlaut's 50% stake in Indianbulls Infrastructure and Power. Gehlaut took control of the Indiabulls Housing Finance, Indiabulls Securities and Indiabulls Real Estate
 
SEPTEMBER: Rattan takes control of two of India Bulls group's power companies, after buying out Mittal's stake in Indiabulls Infrastructure and Power, the holding company for Indiabulls Power
 

