Live: Cyclone Hudhud makes landfallIchapuram records 139 m.m. rainfall
5:27 pm: Cyclone Hudhud loses speed; winds now blowing at 120-130 kmph: IMD
3:08 pm: Andhra Cricket Association secretary Gokaraju Gangaraju says the Indian and West Indies cricket team will reach Visakhapatnam on Monday if weather-conditions improves. (Read full story )
3.00 pm The Odisha State government is gearing up to face possible flood situation which could be caused by heavy rain under influence of ‘Hudhud’ over next 36 hours. (Read full story )
“The wind speed was expected between 90 kmph and 120 kmph in Malakanagiri, Gajapati, Korpaput, Ganjam and Rayagada districts. But the speed as being reported from all districts was varying between 50 and 60 kmph,” said P.R. Mohapatra, Deputy Special Relief Commissioner here on Sunday.
“The intensity of rainfall was also not in the range as was being apprehended. In Ganjam and Gajapati dustricts, during past 24 hours, average 30 mm rainfall had been recorded compared to 50 mm in north coastal districts. However, we are expecting heavy rain during next 36 hours,” Mr. Mohapatra said.
2.50 pm People of East Godavari district are in the grip of fear due to heavy rains along with strong winds from Sunday morning in coastal areas and in upland areas like Tuni and Tondangi mandals.
2.29 pm Gusty winds, uprooted trees, torn roofs of hutments and sheds and snapped electric cables bore testimony to the impact of severe cyclonic storm ‘Hudhud’ which hit Andhra Pradesh’s coastal districts.
2.28 pm Casualty in cyclone Hudhud rose to two in Odisha with a fresh death reported from Puri on Sunday.
2.06 pm Prime Minister Narendra Modi called the Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister, N. Chandrababu Naidu and enquired about the situation in the State after the cyclone Hudhud crossed the coast near Visakhapatnam.
2.05 pm Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh assured the Chief Ministers of Odisha and Andhra Pradesh of full assistance from the central government to face any situation arising from cyclonic storm ‘Hudhud’
2.05 pm Cyclone Hudhud, which hit Andhra Pradesh coast, has also disrupted the functioning of the Visakhapatnam Cyclone Warning Centre. The centre lost contact with the radar, which was tracking the cyclone for the last two days.
1.55 pm As Cyclone ‘Hudhud’ made its landfall in Vishakhapatnam, the NDRF doubled the strength of its teams stationed in the port city to 13 in order to undertake swift relief and rescue operations.
1:39 pm Customers in Odisha can call 1948 and those in Andhra Pradesh can call 1949.
1:38 pm Telecom major Airtel has set up a helpline number to help people know last location of their friends and relatives in case they are affected by cyclone Hudhud approaching coastal area of Odisha and Andhra Pradesh.
1:24 pm Operations at Visakhapatnam and Gangavaram ports are paralysed.
1:21 pm On the communication front, except for mobile network with frequent call drops, the region is left with no other source. Similar is the scenario in the neighbouring Vijayanagaram and Srikakulam districts.
1:17 pm In view of cancellation and diversion of trains due to cyclone, East Coast Railway made special arrangement for opening of Passenger Reservation System (PRS) Counters till 2200 hrs instead of 1400 hrs today at important stations in order to help the passengers in getting refund.
1:15 pm Outer edge of Hudhud makes landfall at Kailasagiri in Vizag
12:35 pm PMO monitoring situation arising out of the cyclone on an hourly basis: IMD Chief
12:28 pm Video: After crossing coast Cyclone Hudhud will maintain intensity: IMD
12:26 pm Northern coastal districts of Andhra Pradesh will see heavy rain and high speed winds, says L.S. Rathore, DG, IMD.
12:25 pm Eastern Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh will also see rainfall.
12:24 pm Cycone Hudhud is just crossing Vizag at speed of 170-180kmph gusting up to 190kmph. Wind speed will come down by 50 per cent in 6 hours.
11:56 am The authorities have evacuated 90,013 people across the four districts of Srikakulam, Vizianagaram, Visakhaptnam and East Godavari.
11:54 am Helpline number Cyclone Hudhud: Andhra Pradesh - 9849904019, 0853 - 2234870,2234301; Sambalpur - 0663-2533037, 8455886999; Visakhapatnam - 0891-2842415
11:51 am Two killed in rain-related incidents in coastal Andhra Pradesh
11:36 am The Indian Air Force has tasked Headquarters Training Command, Bangalore to be the nodal agency for all relief operations in connection with severe cyclone Hudhud.
11:35 am Army columns are positioned at Visakhapatnam and Srikakulam with power boats and other equipment for rescue and relief. Six helicopters have been positioned in the Naval base at Visakhapatnam.
11:34 am As many as 19 National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) teams (each consisting of 45—50 members) were deployed in the four districts.
11:33 am Andhra Pradesh government has identified 356 villages in 59 mandals of the four districts as cyclone—prone. More than 300 relief camps have been opened.
Observed and forcast track as provided by the IMD.
11:13 am Did you know, of the 35 deadliest storms in recorded history, 27 have come through the Bay of Bengal and have landed in either India or Bangladesh?
11:11 am Navy has dispatched five diving teams to Srikakulam for rescue and relief operations.
11:10 am Two killed in rain-related incidents in Visakhapatnam and Srikakulam districts under influence of severe cyclonic storm Hudhud.
11:08 am Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth to chair meeting of National Crisis Management Committee at 11:30 am
11:03 am Hudhud cyclone touches Visakapatnam coast at Kailashgiri.
Hudhud cyclone touches Visakapatnam coast: Rainfall on Oct 12 - Srikakulam 68.2 mm, ichapuram :139 m.m 10:55am - 12 Oct 14
— Vijayawada Connect (@VjaConnect) October 12, 2014
Trees seen uprooted in Visakhapatnam as Cyclone Hudhud make a landfall on Sunday. Photo: Nivedita Ganguly
10:59 am Coastal weather bulletin for northern Andhra Pradesh: Wind: mainly north-easterly fifteen to twenty knots in thundershowers thirty knots; Weather: Scattered rain or thundershowers; Visibility: Moderate becoming poor in rain very poor in thundershowers; State of Sea slight to moderate; Port Signals Distant warning signal number two kept hoisted at Gangavaram and Kakinada ports Distant warning signal number two kept hoisted at Visakhapatnam port
10:52 am Except East Godavari, power entirely failed in the three districts of Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam (which are expected to bear the brunt). There were gale winds. The situation is very severe.
10:51 am Strong winds and heavy rains led to large-scale disruption of power lines in three coastal districts of Andhra Pradesh as the state braced for Hudhud, a very severe cyclonic storm that is expected to hit the coast around noon.
Difficult to withstand terrifying wind speed as our team braves the steadily deteriorating weather to cover the #CycloneHudhud . @the_hindu
— Nivedita Ganguly (@nivi15) October 12, 2014
#Hudhud : Authorities fear heavy rain, devastation In Malkangiri, Odisha after #Hudhud landfall. 25 cm rain predicted @the_hindu
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) October 12, 2014
10:32 am The IMD bulletin at 9:30 HRS: The Very Severe Cyclonic Storm ‘HUDHUD’ over westcentral Bay of Bengal moved west-northwestwards with a speed of about 15 kmph during the last 06 hours and lay centered at 0830 hours IST of 12th October 2014 near latitude 17.4ºN and longitude 83.8ºE, about 60 km east-southeast of Visakhapatnam. The system would move west-northwestwards and cross north Andhra Pradesh coast close to Visakhapatnam around noon of today, the 12th October 2014.
10:27 am According to Odisha Special Relief Commissioner 27,286 persons were shifted to 457 shelters in five districts. In Malkanagiri, 1,700 people belonging to primitive ‘Bonda’ Tribe were claimed to have been evacuated from Bonda hills.
10:25 am Strong wind close to about 50 kmph and heavy rain started in southern Odisha districts with very severe cyclonic storm Hudhud nearing the coast from Sunday morning. Full story
10:17 am Authorities in north coastal Andhra Pradesh comprising Srikakulam, Vijayanagaram and Visakhapatnam districts and adjoining coastal districts of east and west Godavari are on high alert as the cyclone is likely to cause massive destruction. Nearly 400,000 people have been evacuated to relief camps in five districts.
The HinduFood being served in a relief camp set up at Mangamaripeta near Bheemli in Visakhapatnam district on Saturday. Photo: K.R. Deepak
10:09 am “The storm over west central Bay of Bengal moved northwestwards with a speed of about 8 kmph during the last nine hours and lay centered 240 km south-southwest of Gopalpur. Under its influence, southern districts Ganjam, Gajapati, Malkanagiri, Koraput and Rayagada have already started to receive heavy rain,” informed Sarat Sahu, Director of Bhubaneswar Meteorological Centre.
10:06 am Fisherwomen pray for the relief from cyclonic storm Hudhud in Srikakulam on Saturday.
PTIFisherwomen pray for the relief from cyclonic storm Hudhud in Srikakulam on Saturday. Photo: PTI
09:58 am Indian Navy prepares for Cyclone Hudhud
09:54 am At 0830 HRS IST of today, very sevrere cyclonic storm Hudhud is located 60 km east-southeast of Visakhapatnam and is likely to cross North Andhra Pradesh close to Visakhapatnam around noon with a wind speed of 170-180 KMPH gusting to 195 KMPH.
09:52 am The IMD has predicted that the sea condition would be phenomenal along & off north Andhra Pradesh coast and high along & off south Odisha and south Andhra Pradesh coast during next 24 hours.
09:47 am The MET department warned that storm surge of about 1-2 metres above astronomical tide would inundate low lying areas of Visakhapatnam, Vijayanagaram and Srikakulam districts of north coastal Andhra Pradesh at the time of landfall.
Courtesy: IMDThis satellite image provided by INSAT 3D satellite at 8:30 IST.
09:41 am In the past, out of 10 recorded cases of very heavy loss of life (ranging from about 40,000 to well over 2,00,000) in the world due to tropical cyclones, 9 cases were in the Bay of Bengal and the Arabian Sea (5 in Bangladesh and 3 in India and 1 in Myanmar). Source: IMD
09:40 am The northern part of the Bay of Bengal is known for its potential to generate dangerous high storm tides, a major killer when associated with cyclonic storms.
09:34 am Heavy rains disrupt normal life in Srikakulam
09:30 am The wind speed would gradually increase to 170—180 kmph gusting to 195 kmph around the time of landfall along and off north Andhra Pradesh (East Godavari, Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam districts) and 80—90 kmph along and off adjoining districts of Andhra Pradesh (West Godavari & Krishna districts) and south Odisha (Ganjam, Gajapati, Koraput and Malkangiri districts).
09:29 am Odisha Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik has held a review meeting in the wake of the 'Cyclone Hudhud' alert issued for the state.
09:21 am According to the Met department the very severe cyclone Hudhud is over 60 km away from Visakhapatnam.
09:14 am
High tidal waves lashing the coast. People throng the beach to see the huge waves. @VizagConnect @the_hindu #cyclone pic.twitter.com/r44rXtbxEt
— Nivedita Ganguly (@nivi15) October 11, 2014
09:10 am Several areas in Visakhapatnam plunge into darkness. Extremely strong winds and rain lash city, says Nivedita Ganguly.
At least 15 trees have fallen along the All India Radio station road blocking complete access to the Beach Road in #Vizag . #CycloneHudhud
— Nivedita Ganguly (@nivi15) October 12, 2014
09:08 am Heavy gales and rain under the influence of very severe cyclonic storm Hudhud forces million plus residents in Visakhapatnam stay indoors, says Visakhapatnam correspondent Santosh Kumar Patnaik.
08:40 am Except East Godavari, power entirely failed in the three districts of Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam (which are expected to bear the brunt).
08:34 am List of trains cancelled, diverted The trains cancelled are:
No.12805 Visakhapatnam – Secunderabad Janmabhoomi Express scheduled to leave Visakhapatnam on Sunday between Visakhapatnam and Tenali and the pairing train No.12806 Secunderabad – Visakhapatnam Janmabhoomi Express arriving at Visakhapatnam on Sunday between Tenali and Visakhapatnam;
No.17240 Visakhapatnam – Narasapur/Guntur Simhadri Express; 22203 Visakhkapatnam – Secunderabad ‘Duranto’Express;
No.12739 Visakhapatnam – Secunderabad Garibrath Express; No.18519 Visakhapatnam – Mumbai-LTT (via Bhimavaram) (all on Sunday);
No. 08508 Renigunta – Visakhapatnam Jansadharan Express leaving Renigunta on Monday; No.00852 Bangalore Cantonment - Bhubaneswar Premium Special leaving Bangalore on Sunday;
No.18517 Korba – Visakhapatnam Express arriving Visakhapatnam on Sunday;
No.17487 Tirupati – Visakhapatnam Tirumala Express arriving at Visakhapatnam on Sunday;
No. 22872 Tirupati – Bhubaneswar Weekly Superfast Express leaving Tirupati on Monday;
No.18006 Jagdalpur – Howrah Samaleswar Express leaving Jagdalpur on Sunday between Jagdalpur and Titlagarh;
No.18108 Koraput – Rourkela Express leaving Koraput Sunday between Koraput and Rayagada;
No.12728 Hyderabad – Visakhapatnam Godavari Express arriving at Visakhapatnam on Sunday;
No.18402 Okha – Puri Weekly Express leaving Okha on Tuesday, passing through Visakhapatnam and arriving at Puri on Friday.
Diverted trains
No.22612 New Jalpaiguri – Chennai Central passing through Visakhapatnam on Sunday will run via Khurda Road, Barang, Titlagarh, Nagpur and Balharshah;
No.22614 Haldia – Chennai Central Weekly express passing Visakhapatnam on Sunday will run via Khurda Road, Barang, Titlagarh, Nagpur, Balharshah;
No.13352 Alleppy – Tatanagar/Dhanbad Express arriving Visakhapatnam on Sunday will run via Vijayawada, Balharshah, Nagpur and Jharsuguda
No.02853 Santragachhi – Ernakulam Premium Special train leaving Santragachhi passing Visakhapatnam on Sunday will run via Kharagpur, Jharsuguda, Nagpur, and Balharshah.
08:32 am Helpline numbers for Andhra Pradesh Helpline numbers: Collectorate: 08672-252572, Bandar RDO office: 08672-252572, Bandar Tahisildar Office: 08672-222251, Avanigadda: 08671-272237, Koduru: 08671-276265, Krithivennu: 08672-237231, Mopidevi: 08671-257265 and Nagayalanka: 08671-274242. Toll free number – 1077.
08:30 am With West Bengal set to receive heavy rainfall in districts bordering Odisha owing to the looming cyclone, the Bengal government is taking precautionary measures. People living in these districts and in coastal districts have been alerted via text messages on their mobile phones about the cyclone, State Minister for Disaster Management Javed Khan added.
08:28 am The Visakhapatnam port has evacuated a dozen of merchant vessels from the outer harbour to the deep sea and the Gangavaram port has suspended the cargo operations.
08: 26 am The Andhra Pradesh government has blocked the National Highway-5 between Rajahmundry and Vishakapatnam from 5 p.m. of Saturday until the Hudhud cyclone crosses the North Andhra Pradesh coast.
08:22 am Odisha government on Friday asked administrative officers of southern districts to evacuate people from thatched huts to safe buildings. Full story
08:18 am As North coastal Andhra and Odisha prepare for another cyclonic storm this year — named 'Hudhud' (named after the Arabic word for the hoopoe bird) — here are some scenes of unease and calm before the proverbial storm. Slideshow: Before the storm
Heavy rains, gales disrupt normal life in Srikakulam. Photo: K. Srinivasa Rao
08:15 am This satellite image provided by IMD shows the postion of Cyclone Hudhud at 7:00 IST.
08:09 am Trains diverted/cancelled Indian Railway is planning to cancel or divert 75 trains, including 70 express and five passenger services, to avoid inconvenience to the passengers. Railways will open help desks in Vijayawada, Rajahmundry, Anakapalli, Tuni, Kakinada, Kakinada Town, Samalkot, Tadepalligudem and Eluru from Saturday.
08:07 am Photos and videos of cyclone damages can be uploaded on nrse.gov.in and apsdps.gov.in. The government also created a toll free number -- 1100.
08:06 am Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu on Saturday said real time inputs from people through their mobile phones and other devices would be taken to link to satellite imagery and take immediate action in the areas likely to be hit by Hudhud cyclone.

Rupee down 30 paise at 61.35 against US dollarRupee down 30 paise at 61.35 against US dollar
PTI  Mumbai, October 10, 2014
First Published: 09:47 IST(10/10/2014) | Last Updated: 21:21 IST(10/10/2014)
Comments
Snapping a four-day gaining spree, the rupee on Friday fell by 30 paise to close at 61.35 against the dollar on fresh demand for the US currency from banks and importers due to firm dollar overseas and sharp fall in local equities.
The local currency rupee resumed lower at 61.15 per dollar as against Thursday's closing level of 61.05 at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) and dropped further to 61.36 per dollar before concluding the day at 61.35 per dollar, a loss of 30 paise or 0.49%. It had gained by 70 paise, or 1.13%, in the last four days.
It moved in a range of 61.11 and 61.36 per dollar during the day.
"Rupee traded weak on Friday, taking cues from strong dollar overseas and weak local equities. After depreciating for four continuous weeks, rupee posted its first weekly gain this week," said Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group.
Meanwhile, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) continued pulling out from domestic markets and sold shares worth Rs. 719.77 crore on Friday.
In New York, the US dollar traded higher against its major rivals on Thursday trade after the eye-catching plunge in German exports raised fears of a recession in Europe's largest economy.
Crude oil prices fell to a two-year low in the Asian trade as weak economic data from Germany underscored concerns over a global economic slowdown and its impact on energy demand.
In Tokyo's market, the dollar steadied against the euro and yen on Friday, though lower US yields capped its rebound after the Federal Reserve's dovish undertones sapped the Greenback's recent strength.
The BSE benchmark Sensex dropped sharply by 339.90 points 1.28% to finish at 26,297.38.
In the forward market, premium ended lower on persistent receipts by exporters.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in March closed lower at 221-223 from Thursday's closing level of 224-226 paise and far-forward contracts maturing in September, 2015 also ended lower at 452-454 as against 461.5-463.5 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 61.1624 and for the euro at 77.6701.
The rupee recovered against the pound sterling to 98.50 from the previous close of 98.98 and also firmed up to 77.65 per euro from 77.95 previously.
However, it fell to 56.93 per 100 yen from 56.71 on Thursday.

Outrage over Nadella s comments on women s payOutrage over Nadella's comments on women's pay
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, October 10, 2014
First Published: 10:02 IST(10/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:46 IST(11/10/2014)
Comments
At a time when women IT workers are being urged by their icons to pursue their careers aggressively, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella came up with absolutely the opposite advise!
They should not press their employers for a raise, earn their trust and wait for the system to take care of them, which it will, he said at a conference on women on Thursday.
The backlash started the moment he finished that sentence, and lasted all of Thursday, forcing Nadella to backtrack publicly on Twitter and in an internal mail to employees. “Was inarticulate re how women should ask for raise. Our industry must close gender pay gap so a raise is not needed because of a bias,” he tweeted.
He was “completely wrong”, Nadella said in his mail. “I believe men and women should get equal pay for equal work …. (and)… If you think you deserve a raise, you should just ask.”
In an email exchange with Silicon Valley guru Vivek Wadhwa, Nadella admitted he “just gave a wrong and terrible answer to the question”. Wadhwa added, “He just blew it.”
The Hyderabad-born CEO, who was in India recently, couldn’t have chosen a more inopportune time to address the issue of gender inequality at workplace, specially in IT.
While Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg has advised women to pursue their career goal aggressively in a 2013 book titled, “Lean in”, Towards the end of 2013, Twitter was forced to appoint its first female board member — Marjorie Scardino — after a public spat with its critics, including Wadhwa.

India s August industrial output grows at 0.4%India's August industrial output grows at 0.4%
PTI  New Delhi, October 10, 2014
First Published: 21:08 IST(10/10/2014) | Last Updated: 21:29 IST(10/10/2014)
Comments
Industrial production growth slowed down to five-month low of 0.4% in August mainly due contraction in manufacturing output and lower offtake of consumer goods.
The factory output, as measured by the Index of Industrial Production (IIP), had also grown at a meagre rate of 0.4% in August, 2013.
IIP for July was also revised downwards to 0.41% from the provisional estimates of 0.5% released last month, according to the data released by the Central Statistics Office on Friday.
During the April-August period of 2014-15, IIP grew at 2.8%, as against flat production in same period in the previous fiscal.
According to the IIP data, manufacturing -- which constitutes over 75% of the index -- contracted by 1.4% in August, compared to 0.2% decline in output a year ago. For April-August, the sector grew at 1.8%, compared to 0.1% contraction in the year-ago period.
The consumer goods output contracted by 6.9% in August against 0.9% decline logged a year ago. For April-August, the segment showed contraction of 4.9%, compared to a decline of 1.6% in the same period of 2013-14.
The consumer durables segment declined by 15% in August, as against a dip of 8.3% a year ago. For April-August, it declined 12.9% as against a dip of 11.2% in the five month period of last fiscal.
Consumer non-durable goods output too declined by 0.9% in August, compared to 5.4% growth in same month last year. During April-August, the segment grew by 0.9% compared to 6.8% growth in same period last fiscal.
Overall, 11 of the 22 industry groups in manufacturing showed positive growth in August.
The production of capital goods, a barometer of demand, contracted by 11.3% in August, against 2% decline in same month of last year, the CSO data showed.
The mining sector grew by 2.6% in August against a dip of 0.9% a year ago.
Power generation, however, increased by 12.9% in the month under review compared to 7.2% growth a year ago.
Production of intermediate goods expanded by just 0.3% in August, compared to 3.8% growth a year ago.
Basic goods output grew 9.6% in August against a growth of 0.9% a year ago.

Vodafone ruling will encourage foreign investments: industryComments
The Bombay high court’s ruling on Friday in favour of Vodafone in a transfer-pricing dispute was widely cheered by the industry and tax experts who said that the judgement would boost the government’s efforts to improve the business climate in India by reining in coercive tax demands.
The dispute, which captured attention due to the quantum of the tax demand — Rs. 3,200 crore — and the parties involved, has been a long-standing grievance of the Indian industry, which says that discretionary powers by the department in determining transfer-pricing amount has affected vital transactions. The move is done to increase the tax collection by the department, the industry has said.
Read: Bombay HC rules in favour of Vodafone in transfer pricing case
Friday’s ruling is expected to have a bearing on 26 similar cases involving large business groups including IBM, Shell India, Nokia, Sanofi and the Essar Group. The companies did not want to comment as the matter is sub-judice. “It would give a big relief and companies can get back to doing business, which is what the focus should be,” said the CFO of one of companies.
The case relates to the transfer of shares by Vodafone India to its group company registered in Mauritius under a rights issue. The department said that the price at which the share transfer was done was grossly undervalued and hence the transaction would amount to a transfer of benefit.
“The verdict will assist several other pending cases on the issue,” said Ferestha Sethna, partner, DMD, the law firm which represented Vodafone.
The transfer-pricing dispute and a retrospective legislation to bring old deals under the tax net has been cited as major hindering factors for foreign investment in India.
According to a senior official from the Aditya Birla group, the move is likely to pave the way for improved business. “It will encourage foreign investors to increase their presence here.”
Companies including the Tata Group typically have transactions among various subsidiaries in different geographies.
“We are hopeful this decision will go a long way in encouraging foreign investments,” said Chandrajit Banerjee, director-general, CII.

Mark @Indias first minorities cyber villageMark @India’s first minorities’ cyber village
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Alwar, October 11, 2014
First Published: 00:02 IST(11/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:06 IST(11/10/2014)
Comments
Mark Zuckerberg on Friday visited Chandauli, the country’s first minorities’ cyber village, 20 km from Alwar, and said he wanted to connect all Indians through the Internet.
Zuckerberg, who reached the village around noon, asked the children few questions about the Net and how much time they spent on its usage.
The cyber centre was inaugurated by the then central minister for minority affairs, K Rahman Khan, on February 19, 2014. Twenty-five laptops were installed for training purposes at the Centre, where people between the age group of 15 and 59, were invited to explore the Internet. Till date, over 1,400 people have learnt to use the Net against the targetted 2,500 per year.
The centre is run by the Digital Empowerment Foundation under the public private partnership model funded by the government.

West Indies implodes  gifts India the matchNew Delhi, October 11, 2014
Updated: October 12, 2014 01:35 IST
West Indies implodes, gifts India the match
Vijay Lokapally
Tweet
: Suresh Raina came up with an impressive knock to pilot India to a match-winning total. — PHOTO: S. SUBRAMANIUM
The Hindu Virat Kohli and Suresh Raina during the 2nd ODI against West Indies at Ferozshah Kotla Ground in New Delhi on Saturday. Photo: S.Subramanium
The Hindu Shikhar Dhawan was bowled by Jerome Taylor for nought in the second ODI in New Delhi on Saturday. Photo: S. Subramanium
The Hindu Indian captain M.S. Dhoni with coach Duncan Fletcher during the practice session in New Delhi on Friday. Photo: S. Subramanium
TOPICS
One-day cricket
Delight for Mohammad Shami, heartbreak for Dwayne Smith
A purposeful chase by West Indies gave India some anxious moments, but Dwayne Bravo’s men lost direction and presented the match to the opposition in the second One-Day International at the Ferozeshah Kotla here on Saturday.
In a contest it dominated for a major part, West Indies suffered a 48-run defeat that left the series level at 1-1.
Confronted with a slow pitch and a disciplined attack, India managed a total that was hardly going to serve as a fighting target. That it became one was more due to West Indies’ generosity. Virat Kohli, Suresh Raina and M.S. Dhoni never took charge when it mattered and the lack of purpose in India’s batting stood out sorely.
But the West Indian response was sloppy and the result went much against the run of play.
From a sound position of 170 for two, in pursuit of 264 to win, West Indies contrived to lose the last eight wickets for a mere 45 runs as India, propelled by Mohammad Shami’s four wickets, hung in desperately in the middle overs.
Dhoni was at it with frequent bowling changes that kept the batsmen under pressure. It worked well as the batsmen generously gifted wickets away, the one that hurt most was opener Dwayne Smith falling three short of what would have been his second century in a 12-year career.
The Indian bowlers excelled in controlling the flow of runs while the West Indians played their part by indulging in some shockingly poor strokes.
The brilliant effort by Smith was wasted as he was let down by his colleagues and West Indies once again demonstrated the unpredictable aspect of its cricket. For the home team, the 105-run stand between Kohli and Raina for the fourth wicket provided an inspiring momentum.
Kohli and Raina have little in common when garnering runs. Aggression may mark their intuitive desire to dominate, but Kohli comes across as much-matured and assured in conditions that don’t test his skills outside the off-stump.
It was this flaw that hurt his reputation in England when the moving ball and the seaming one caused cheap downfalls in eight Test innings. This was not the platform that would elicit a comparison but it was a burden that weighed on his shoulders. His failures had begun to invite criticism, some of it carping, and it was time for him to step out and take charge.
Kotla, his home turf, was an ideal stage. The team management convinced Kohli to drop down the order. The move elevated his form to the extent that he scored a half-century, not fluent all the time, but certainly bearing the stamp of concentration. Curtailing his penchant for compulsive strokeplay, he came to terms with his game in the company of Raina, who has been enjoying a good run with the bat.
Raina was into his stride quickly but Kohli played the waiting game. He had no choice really. He had to play to his potential and eventually he did.
On a slow pitch strokemaking was always going to be an arduous job. The perils of playing a bit early meant the batsmen had to be judicious. Raina had no such issues but Kohli was in a different state. The move to bat a slot lower allowed him the chance to not only study the game but also face an older ball in the 13th over.
It helped. Kohli regained some confidence, watched Raina thrive at the other end, and joined him in a constructive stand that resurrected the Indian innings. But the pace suffered once Raina fell to an ambitiously lofted shot, the catch taken on the line.
Then Kohli’s dismissal dried the run-flow even as Dhoni made an effort. But this was not a pitch that encouraged strokes on the rise and both Raina and Kohli paid for the indiscretion. Dhoni adapted and made runs that counted. In the end they did as West Indies frittered the game away.

Success of ISL important for Indian football: John Abrahamsoccer
Northeast United FC, the team from the land that loves its football, is ready to launch its ISL campaign on Monday against Kerala Blasters and the club’s co-owner, Bollywood star John Abraham, is finding it difficult to keep his enthusiasm in check.
“We have great support, great players, I think we are going to put up a very tough fight. I love to say that we will win it, but my team says I sound very arrogant. So I’m saying we will put up a tough fight,” John Abraham said in an interview to PTI.
The cluster of players from the eight north-eastern states along with their international and foreign counterparts, including marquee player Joan Capdevilla, create a “fantastic” atmosphere, according John who is an ardour football fan.
“Fantastic! I was shocked when I saw all my players together. We have Joan Capdevilla who won the World Cup with Spain in 2010. He is training the young boys and telling them what to do. It’s amazing! The whole camaraderie between our senior players, our foreign players and our Indian boys is absolutely fantastic.
“We are working great as a unit. We have a great coach whose name is Ricki Herbert, national coach of New Zealand.
And we have got the best fitness trainer, Lee Taylor. I don’t know about the other teams but our boys will run for two hours,” John said.
John has high hopes from the inaugural season and says that the event has fulfilled the dream of youngsters who wanted to play with international stars.
“If ISL is successful in its first year and it is very important that it succeeds then all the teams of ISL-1 will be a hit, be it N-E or Delhi or Pune. All the owners are very enthusiastic and we are all a very strong unit together and are collectively representing ISL, we hope ISL works,” he said during the team’s jersey launch by their lead sponsor HTC.
“All the young players of the all the teams had a dream of playing with international players and they are excited to be playing alongside them,” said John.
The Northeast United co-owner has long term dreams for the team which is speculated to have the youngest squad in the tournament.
“We are a really young club, we are probably the youngest club in the Indian Super League by at least five years. Our average age is 23. We are looking at the long game and believe in the emergence of the game,” said John.
To meet the ambitious goal of overhauling the football scenario in India, John outlines the importance of an Indian football star that can pull crowds towards the game.
“If India players play in oversees clubs than we will have international stars like Mahendra Singh Dhoni or Sachin Tendulkar. It is our dream that from India we create a football unit,” the actor said.
The actor highlighted the need to end bureaucracy and red-tapism in order for sports to excel in India.
“The future of Indian sports is undoubtedly bright provided that we are able to remove the involvement of bureaucracy and red-tapism from the scene because we have 1.2 billion people and if someone doesn’t win a medal among it, you obviously blame the bureaucracy because we have loads of talent.
“If I talk about ISL, I can guarantee that within three years you will get the news that one of the players from Northeast united is playing for an international club and that will be the biggest win for us.”
The first Northeast United match is going to be played at the Indira Gandhi stadium in Guwahati which has a capacity of 35,000 and is expected to be jam packed.
“The indications that we got is that in Guwahati, we are probably getting a full house. The stadium we have is pretty big and we are getting a full house. That’s great news for us and ISL. We hope to get packed stadiums in Kolkata, Delhi, Mumbai,” John added.

Congress to push veterans out of decision-making processComments
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi is planning to do a BJP on his party — an extensive organisational overhaul that will see many powerful veterans make way for Gen Next leaders handpicked by him, HT has learnt.
The party’s highest decision-making body, the Congress Working Committee (CWC), would see a generational shift. Most of the general secretaries and state in-charges, too, are likely to be dropped, a party leader in know of Rahul’s plan told HT.
“Senior leaders will be around but their role will be more of margdarshaks (guides), much like what the BJP created for LK Advani and Murli Manohar Joshi,” a Congress leader close to Rahul told HT on condition of anonymity.
After its worst-ever Lok Sabha performance this summer, the Congress has often seen the old guard and young leaders clash on the way the party is run. Many seniors have blamed the “Rahul brigade” for the party’s humiliation.
Rahul’s “reform plan” would be pushed after the October 15 Maharashtra and Haryana state polls, sources said.
Many Nehru-Gandhi family loyalists, who supported Sonia Gandhi during the ‘trying’ Narasimha Rao years and later, could see their long innings draw to a close, sources said.
“I’m not sure whether Soniaji will agree to Rahul’s proposal to dump those who made her a success story in Indian politics,” a party veteran said.
“Rahul’s own team has virtually been running all elections since 2012 Uttar Pradesh assembly polls. He may need to replace them first.”
“As for us, we will accept whatever Soniaji decides. You really need some radical steps to rejuvenate the Congress and if it means retirement for us, so be it.”
Sonia, he said, would go by Rahul’s plan as it is he who would eventually take over the party. “She may find it better to let Rahul make the changes he wants when she is at the helm,” a Congress functionary said.
“Rahul’s aides often argue that he “never got a free hand”, whether it was in picking candidates or devising the poll strategy. “The seniors always managed to get their way,” a young leader said, pointing to how chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda got his pick of candidates for the state elections.
Veterans, however, wonder if the party has enough talent to carry out what one of them described as Rahul’s “poore ghar ke badal daloonga” plan, borrowing the tagline from an old advertisement for a light bulb that talked of a complete overhaul.
“His close aide Madhusudan Mistry, in-charge of UP, drew a blank in the Lok Sabha election. Mohan Prakash has the record of finishing the party in every state that he has been given control of, be it Gujarat, J-K or Maharashtra,” a party general secretary said.
“Both Soniaji and Rahul talk about the party’s utter failure to communicate with people, but who has been in charge of the media department? Rahul’s close aide Ajay Maken.”
The 44-year-old leader’s so-called experiments in states have not met with much success.
While Rajasthan chief Sachin Pilot salvaged his reputation in the recent assembly bypolls, his counterparts in Haryana and Madhya Pradesh have failed to make any impact.
Similarly, Rahul-appointed leaders in Uttar Pradesh could all but watch from the sidelines the party’s decimation in the state that sends the highest number of MPs, 80, to the Lok Sabha. “For long, we have been blamed. Let him (Rahul) take charge and turn it around,” a party veteran said.

Cyclone Hudhud hits India  6 dead in Andhra  Odisha; Visakhapatnam worst hitCyclone Hudhud whipped the coastal districts of Andhra Pradesh and Odisha on Sunday killing six people, with heavy rain and winds of 195 km per hour uprooting trees and damaging buildings.
  
Tidal waves hit the Vizag beach as Cyclone Hudhud reaches Visakhapatnam. (PTI Photo)
Tidal waves hit Vizag beach as cyclone Hudhud reaches the port city of Visakhapatnam. (PTI Photo)
Fishermen negotiate their skiff through rough waves ahead of Cyclone Hudhud on Saturday. (AFP Photo)
People look at a sea tide at Vizag on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
A man carries his wife to safety after a wave hits a beach in Gopalpur in Ganjam district, Odisha. (Reuters)
A view of Visakhapatnam city due to Cyclone hudhud on Sunday. (Arun Sharma/HT Photo)
Huge waves hit the beach in Visakhapatnam on Sunday. (AFP Photo)
People move during rain in Berhampur near Gopalpur sea beach as cyclone Hudhud looms. (PTI photo)
NDRF jawans depart from their Mundali headquarters to the districts that could be hit by Cyclone Hudhud in Bhubaneswar on Friday. (PTI Photo)
Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force (ODRAF) personnel who are to be deployed ahead of a new upcoming Cyclone Hudhud in Ganjam district, in Bhubaneswar. (Arabinda Mahapatra/HT photo)
Large waves buffet the coastline as Cyclone Hudhud makes landfall in Visakhapatnam. (AFP photo)
Residents of seaside village Satabhaya are rescued after their boat sank in Bausagali river in Odisha's Kendrapada district on Saturday. (Arabinda Mahapatra/ HT Photo)
Mass evacuation in the two states minimised damage to life but rain was emerging as a big worry.
Hudhud lost its intensity by evening and its speed was limited to 100-110 kmph and converted from a very severe cyclonic storm to severe storm, the IMD said on Sunday night.
However, heavy downpour was reported from the eastern parts of Andhra and southern districts of Odisha. Similar weather conditions were predicted for eastern Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand and Madhya Pradesh.
High-velocity winds hammered Andhra’s port city of Visakhapatnam, home to two million people and a naval base, as Hudhud made landfall at around 10:40am.
“We are unable to ascertain the situation. Seventy percent of communication has totally collapsed ... this is the biggest calamity,” Andhra chief minister Chandrababu Naidu told a TV channel.
Classified as a very severe cyclone, Hudhud left glass, asbestos and uprooted trees scattered all around the city, better known as Vizag.
 
Seventeen ships were moved offshore while the airport was closed and train services suspended.
“I never imagined that a cyclone could be so dangerous and devastating,” Reuters quoted one businessman, who was staying in a Vizag hotel, as saying. “The noise it is making would terrify anyone.”
Winds also destroyed electric poles in the adjoining Srikakulam and Vizianagaram districts, plunging the area into darkness. A few thatched houses were also blown away.
Mobile phones and internet connections were down and heavy congestion in telecom traffic also contributed to the communication blackout.
Hours before the storm crossed the coast, a man was killed in Visakhapatnam’s Kondram village in a wall collapse, another died when a tree came crashing down on him.
A death was also reported from Srikakulam district.
Angry winds and heavy rain pounded the area for more than nine hours though the India Meteorological Department had predicted the cyclone conditions would prevail for six hours.
In the state capital Hyderabad, Naidu chaired a high-level meeting to review the situation. He asked Prime Minister Narendra Modi to declare the cyclone as a national calamity and requested an immediate relief of R2,000 crore.
The chief minister said that Andhra Pradesh government, for the first time in India, is using space technology with the help of Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) and National Remote Sensing Centre (NRSC) in disaster management.
The state government has created a Facebook page called 'AP Disaster Management' for which Facebook and Google have promoted and verified the page within an hour of its launch.
The government has also created #HudhudAP to reach out to people and get information from them on Twitter and Facebook. It is also using Whatsapp extensively.
At least 200,000 people in four districts along the coastal belt were shifted to relief camps as a precautionary measure.
In neighbouring Odisha, the government had evacuated more than 156,000 people in eight districts, moving them to cyclone shelters.
Two deaths were reported from Kendrapara while sea swept away a man in Puri, officials said. CM Naveen Patnaik reviewed rescue and relief operations. “We are constantly monitoring the situation and taking all possible precautions,” Patnaik said.
With the southern districts of Ganjam, Gajapati and Kandhamal receiving heavy rainfall, the local administration started preparations for floods if such a situation arises.
Read: Heavy rainfall triggers flood worries
Odisha special relief commissioner P K Mohapatra said they were keeping a watch on the situation and expected the rain to subside by Monday morning. “There is no report of damage to any major installations,” Mahapatra said.
As many 26 teams — 16 of the National Disaster Response Force and 10 of the Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force — have been deployed in vulnerable places for rescue work, according to chief secretary GC Pati.
 
“We have been assured by the Centre that army teams will be ready at Raipur in Chhattisgarh and five choppers at Kalaikunda in West Bengal for our call,” he said.
 
As a precautionary measure, East Coast Railways cancelled train services on Bhubaneswar-Visakhapatnam route, while the state government stopped bus service in Ganjam, Gajapati, Rayagada, Nabarangpur and parts of Kalahandi. Private bus operators have also been asked not to operate on Monday.
According to the IMD, peak wind speeds would drop to 60 kmph by Monday afternoon. Hudhud is expected to continue to dump heavy rains in northern and northeastern India and, eventually, snow when it reaches the Himalayan mountains.
The National Crisis Management Committee met Sunday to review the situation.”According to preliminary assessment…, the communication services and power and electricity have been considerably damaged in the affected districts,” an official statement said in Delhi.

http://s.hbr.org/1vUxJJx
Practising Reiki to ride the raging bull on StreetPractising Reiki to ride the raging bull on Street
N Sundaresha Subramanian | New Delhi Oct 11, 2014 10:25 PM IST
One can never have too many tools to master the raging bulls. As the bull-run in Dalal Street gathers pace, people keen on riding it are looking to arm themselves with new tools and techniques. This search has led some faithful to the proponent of an exotic energy-healing technique that has its origins in Japan - Reiki.
Reiki and Astrology Predictions, a Mumbai-based firm, has caught the fancy of investors by giving tips and predictions on daily movements of Nifty, stocks and even derivatives. It runs a website which puts out daily predictions and also has paid subscription services for value-added services. The site also has a Facebook group dedicated to stocks, which had 669 members at the last count. Brokers, students, chartered accountants, CFAs and financial planners were members of the group. One of them even was a head of research of a mid-sized Delhi-based brokerage.
Antas Billorey, nicknamed Reiki Master on Facebook, says he combines Reiki and astrology. "Reiki is a healing therapy. In Japan, businessmen have the habit of going to temple before they go home from work. This helps them concentrate and focus better. Similarly, when you are getting into a deal or looking for revenue in the business, Reiki can be done for that. We pray to the universal energy and transfer it to the receiver. We act as a medium." According to Billorey, an opportune time can be picked for initiating a trade to maximize returns.
He says in Reiki there is a rule that when you do Reiki, you have to take money. Billorey said the number of people using the services has gone up significantly in the recent months. "Since we started this in 2012, the number of people using our free services has gone up steadily. Today, it ranges between 250 and 500 people. Our paid services have started seeing more activity. We offer monthly packages for Rs 2,500. Earlier we used to get one or two subscriptions. We are now seeing 25-30 people. In some months, we have seen even 50-60 people."
Weekly tips packages are available for Rs 750. These packages can get you about between two and eight tips. "However, if planetary positions are not conducive, there may not be any tip at all on any given day."
The website claims it gives correct predictions of Nifty and also about market moving events that are often obsessed over by investors and traders. Reiki and Astrology Predictions also provides, "predictions about Reserve Bank of India policy announcement. Predictions about companies quarterly result, for example, Infosys, State Bank of India, Axis Bank, JP Associates and many more. Predictions about Reserve Bank Policy CRR cut IIP numbers, Forex rupee vs dollar."
Billorey laughs when asked if Reiki can be used to control market movements. "We are like analysts. They make calculations based on numbers. We do calculations on things that have larger influence. Calculations can always go wrong," he admits. But analysts, these days are tightly regulated. Has the Reiki Master made the trip to Bandra-Kurla complex, where the regulator sits or has he handled it through "long-distance Reiki"?
About Sebi and NSE, Billorey says he has checked with his chartered accountant and lawyers, they have told him registration was not necessary. "They have told me you are giving only tips on movement. You need registration only if you are trading."
Billorey, who hails from Indore, has been practising Reiki since 2000. He claims to have healed over 500 patients with different kinds of ailments such as kidney stones, nervous problems etc. He is assisted by his wife Pooja, who often posts on the Facebook group. Billorey also is interested in making documentaries.

Air India spends $6 mn to insure 6 grounded planesAir India spends $6 mn to insure 6 grounded planes
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Oct 13, 2014 12:38 AM IST
Government carrier Air India, sitting on a huge debt pile and surviving on a Rs 30,000- crore government bailout, is allegedly getting even those aircraft not in operations for some years, insured at a cost of $6 million a year. The airline's recognised pilots union, the Indian Commercial Pilots Association (ICPA), has sought an independent probe into these allegations and fix accountability on individuals responsible.
"Six Boeing 737-200 Fs, out of service for more than three years, are still being insured at $1 million each per annum, for more than the past three years. We demand an immediate, time-bound investigation by an external agency to look into this huge financial irregularity," ICPA General Secretary Shailender Singh said in a letter to AI Chairman Rohit Nandan.
The letter is also addressed to Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathy Raju and the Chief Vigilance Commissioner.
The AI spokesperson did not respond to calls.
The airline had renewed its insurance on October 1 for nearly $29 million to cover its 132 aircraft (including the 17 of AI Express and 8 of Alliance Air,) close to 18 per cent higher than it what it paid last year, $23 million. Airline insurance premia had gone up this year after a string of tragedies across the globe. Alleging that even as recent as on October 1, the insurance cover for four of these aircraft was renewed for another year at $50,000 each, the ICPA said, "We are also alarmed at the sharp 95 per cent drop in the insured sum of these aircraft, which till September 30 were insured for $10,00,000 and now only for $50,000."

http://bit.ly/1oV5gzh(a) 30-Year Fixed Rate Mortgage Average in the United States©, Percent, Not Seasonally Adjusted (MORTGAGE30US)
Units:
Data is provided "as is," by Freddie Mac® with no warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of accuracy or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Use of the data is at the user's sole risk. In no event will Freddie Mac be liable for any damages arising out of or related to the data, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages, whether under a contract, tort, or any other theory of liability, even if Freddie Mac is aware of the possibility of such damages.
Copyright, 2014, Freddie Mac. Reprinted with permission.

Analysts see subdued Q2 earnings growth for Reliance IndustriesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Cyclone Hudhud kills 6 in Andhra Pradesh  Odisha; Visakhapatnam worst hitThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Bilawal says Kashmir issue root cause of Indo-Pak tensionThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India vs West Indies: Visakhapatnam ODI abandoned; teams stay back in capitalThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Green hurdle JSW Steel may drop bid for European co IlvaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Health worker second in US to test positive for EbolaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Norms for payments small banks soon RBIThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Private cleanliness amid public squalorUpdated: October 11, 2014 01:17 IST
Private cleanliness amid public squalor
Gautam Bhatia
waste management
To succeed, the Prime Minister’s ‘Swachh Bharat’ initiative needs a local civic dimension, wherein cities create their own plans within the larger framework of the mission. Without it, the programme will remain nothing but a grand political scheme
After my sister’s death some years ago, I had carried her ashes for immersion in the Kosi river, an insignificant mountain tributary of the Ganga. I wanted an unsullied bit of water for a religious ceremony, and so chose a secluded stretch of the river in Uttarakhand near Ranikhet. But despite the remoteness, the water and its sand bed was littered with plastic, toothpaste tubes and instant noodle packets. And as the ceremony progressed, I noticed upstream from us a group of men defecating and chatting on the river rocks.
It is no secret that India has the largest number of people defecating in the open, even when a toilet is available. Whether a rivulet along a sloped hillside in a pristine Himalayan valley, a river coursing through a city, or indeed along a coastal beach, water is as much an invitation to drink as it is to excrement. Even the Ganga functions at two levels: as religious sanctuary and India’s largest open air sewer.
Behind ‘Clean India’
Wherever you go — in city or countryside — plastic bags, tetra paks and tin cans mar the landscape. In slum areas and industrial townships, rivulets of slime snake along mud tenements. In cities, garbage overwhelms all sightlines (I recently saw a group of Japanese tourists photographing ragpickers foraging in raw sewage, next to the monument they had come to see). Just as the Mughals had decorated gateways around their settlements, entrances to Indian towns today are rife with a new 21st century sign of welcome: mountains of trash. As humans, pigs and vultures battle among the waste, there hangs over most places, a perpetual stench of decay and death.
For Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s “Clean India” campaign, a Rs.2 lakh crore expenditure is envisaged by the government to clean the country by October 2, 2019, a date to be celebrated as the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi. Part of the money is intended for drinking water and sanitation programmes and the rest for the physical clean up of Indian cities. But, so acute is the problem of waste, it is hard to believe that the mission can be anything more than a symbolic act.
Moreover, the Indian public has infinite tolerance for hackneyed political gestures — planting saplings, visiting Rajghat, laying foundation stones, conducting pujas for newly built flyovers. “Swachh Bharat” too, say critics, will only remain afloat in the big cities, till such time as the Prime Minister’s greater interest in business matters relegates it to the dung heap. The project’s farcical dimension can already be seen in the surprise inspections of government offices, and the large quantum of brooms and dustbins ordered by bureaucrats and ministers, some departments going into direct competition with each other by issuing instruction handbooks on cleanliness.
Liveability index
That the Prime Minister of a country needs to intervene on an issue as basic as public health is of course the first serious admission that the problem is way out of hand. On the world stage, India is already acknowledged as one of the dirtiest and least liveable countries in the world. In a recent survey of the liveability index of 150 world cities, Delhi, Mumbai and other Indian metros were all listed below 130, only ahead of some West African cities. (Ironically, the same survey listed Delhi as the most desirable city among the Indian low performers.) Chief among the criterion of liveability was health and sanitation, though other related conditions such as infrastructure, parks and accessibility were also spelled out.
Attitude to public life
Indian cities took a beating on the most rudimentary aspects of survival, and were classified more as unplanned spontaneous slums than functioning towns, with some of the highest recorded levels of toxic waste, and consequently, physical sickness. Incidents of asthma and lung infection linked directly to pollution were steadily on the rise. In most metros it was stated as 12 times the national average, and almost a third of the population suffered some form of respiratory illness; the survey also gave damning figures on waterborne diseases, and reduced eyesight, impaired mental acuity and shorter lifespans.
In most countries, public health and sanitation are taken for granted and fall squarely on urban administration. So basic are norms of healthy urban living around the world, they rarely ever make it as news items. Only in India do routine municipal issues assume national importance. Blocked drains during monsoons, road repair, malarial and dengue outbreaks, raw sewage on sidewalks, children stuck in wells, open manholes, fallen trees and collapsing buildings are all signs of a disintegrating collective life. When municipal authorities fail to oversee ordinary maintenance and are incapable of undertaking decisions on day-to-day governance, the city becomes a nightmare of incompetence and failed ideas, regressing quickly into anarchy — a battleground so scarred that the rich can only isolate themselves into private compounds, creating their own insular lives unrelated to the city; the poor are left to their own devices, living in the ruin and seeking business opportunity in the squalor and clutter. The Prime Minister’s cleanliness campaign is merely the fallout of complete municipal collapse.
While credit is certainly due to Mr. Modi for initiating the much needed push to make the country a physically healthier place, the larger thrust of the nationwide mission needs to take into account other ideas that indirectly contribute to civic grime. Cars physically choke city space, parking on sidewalks, covering up and clogging drainage systems; building materials for private construction are allowed to pile up on roads, parks are shuttered, security threatened. Cleanliness is only a small fraction of the larger aspect of urban liveability; if the Prime Minister’s mission is to succeed it must tackle the dangers of increasing urban densities, issues of public safety, misuse of public land for private use, encroachments, aspects of public transport and limits to car ownership, the removal of gated communities; and most of all, the Indian attitude to public life itself: the perpetuation of private cleanliness amid public squalor.
Individual routes to cleanliness
The campaign therefore must endorse a larger movement to improving the quality of life. If that requires serious imposition of urban limits and restrictions, so be it. Around the world, municipalities have created innovative ways to tackle their very local situations — Bangkok with waste management, Kampala with urban farming, London with congestion tax, Madrid and Barcelona with controlled pedestrianisation, Copenhagen with cycling tracks, Singapore with prohibitive litter fines. Within all these individual methods however, every city accepts the ideals on people’s safety, active public life, social tolerance, environmental friendliness, proximity to nature, affordable education and medical care and encouraging business opportunities.
Should Indian cities then similarly discover their own individual routes to cleanliness and hygiene, the way Surat did some years ago? To reduce congestion, should Delhi tax cars parked on public roads at night, or as compensation, offer them as night shelter for the homeless? Should Chennai and Mumbai residents be fined for commuting long distances and adding to pollution? Indeed should citizens who own no vehicles be allowed to travel free on public transport? What then of private homes and offices that have a larger than average carbon footprint; should the affluent directly subsidise housing for the poor? The answers may lead to an altogether new form for the Indian city.
Obviously, to succeed, the Prime Minister’s initiative needs a local civic dimension, wherein cities create their own plans within the larger framework of the “Swachh” mission. Without it, the farce may become all-out satire: bureaucrats will continue to sweep their own offices with requisitioned brooms, and “Clean India” will remain nothing but a grand political scheme.
(Gautam Bhatia is a Delhi-based architect and sculptor.)

Investment funds will come under new regulatory focus - CarneyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Assocham for allowing FDI in e-commerce retailingAssocham for allowing FDI in e-commerce retailing
Press Trust Of India | New Delhi Oct 13, 2014 12:43 AM IST
India's FDI policy restricts e-commerce companies from offering services directly to retail consumers. At present, 100 per cent FDI is allowed in business -to-business e-commerce but not in retail trading
Pitching for foreign direct investment (FDI) in e-commerce retailing, industry body Assocham on Sunday said the Flipkart fiasco should not be used as an excuse by the government to over-regulate the e-commerce business which is in its infancy.
"The Flipkart incident resulting in inconvenience to enthusiastic customers on the Diwali sale should be taken at the most as one-off case and let it not be used as a ploy or an ammunition to subject the fledgling and a hugely promising e-commerce space to regulation over and above the rules of the game which are applicable to normal business," the chamber said.
It said after the promoters of the company have expressed regrets, the matter should rest here.
"If at all any regulatory issue is involved, let it be dealt within the existing laws concerning interests of the consumers," it added.
On October 7, Indian e-commerce giant Flipkart apologised for the glitches encountered during the 'Big Billion Day' sale, admitting its "failure" in living up to the expectations of its customers. The sector holds big promise in terms of creating new market among the aspirational middle-class consumers and any over-regulation will "kill the business in its infancy, denting the entrepreneurial spirit of the promoters, most of whom are young," it said.
While the unorganised retail has been estimated at about $550-600 billion, the organised retailers have been able to corner a market of about $25-30 billion and e-commerce is just about $3-4 billion, it said.
"But given the kind of enthusiasm both on part of the e-commerce players and the consumers, the sector holds a great promise of $15-18 billion in the next three years," it said. It added that as far as the policy issues are concerned, there is a need for clarity in the area of foreign direct investment.
"The FDI in e-commerce can be allowed as the neighbourhood kirana stores are not really going to be affected by the kind of technology-driven delivery platforms and the supply chain linked to e-tailing," the statement said. India's FDI policy restricts e-commerce companies from offering services directly to retail consumers. At present, 100 per cent FDI is allowed in business -to-business e-commerce but not in retail trading.

Pakistan hits 15 border outposts  villages in Jammu; 3 injuredPak targets 15 posts in Jammu, seeks UN help
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Jammu, October 12, 2014
First Published: 09:35 IST(12/10/2014) | Last Updated: 09:32 IST(13/10/2014)
Comments
Pakistan heavily shelled 15 border outposts and hamlets in Arnia sector of Jammu and Kashmir early Sunday even as it wrote to UN chief Ban Ki-moon blaming India for the escalation in border clashes and sought UN intervention on Kashmir.
The shelling, the first since Thursday, injured three people and ends a pause in fighting that has already killed 19 civilians in the two countries in the worst skirmishes in a decade. The Pakistan foreign ministry has claimed that Indian firing over the past month has killed 12 and injured 52 of its civilians.
Villagers show mortar shell marks on a wall after indiscriminate firing by Pakistan Rangers at a residential area. (PTI Photo)
In the letter to Ban, foreign affairs adviser to Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif, Sartaj Aziz, accused India of ‘deliberate and unprovoked violations of the ceasefire agreement and cross-border firing’. He also appealed for UN’s assistance in resolving the dispute with India over the status of Kashmir.
Though there was no formal reaction from New Delhi, India has long maintained that disputes between it and Pakistan should be resolved bilaterally under the framework of the Shimla agreement and Lahore declaration.
 India also considers the UN observer group on Kashmir to have outlived its utility and has criticised Pakistan for depending on a ‘tool of a bygone era’ to address the problems of the present.
Read: Pak writes to UN chief; asks intervention on Kashmir
The latest round of shelling  by Pakistan comes a week after five people were killed in Arnia.
“Flat trajectory weaponry fire started at 8.10pm (Saturday) on three border posts in Arnia and continued till early morning,” a BSF spokesperson said.
The fresh firing has forced authorities to drop any moves to allow the nearly 30,000 people living in government relief camps to return to their homes.

http://wef.ch/1C0y8MnTweet
A DREAM has motivated humanity for as long as parents have dreamed: that whatever life brings, it will be better for the next generation. In the West secular economic decline and the aftermath of the global financial crisis have changed all that: according to a survey just published by the Pew Research Centre, 65% of Americans and 65% of Europeans now think that when their children grow up the kids will be worse off financially than they are.
The survey of 44 countries, a quarter of them in Asia, shows that economic optimism has followed economic growth: eastward. The continent with the highest proportion of respondents believing their children will be better-off than they are is Asia, with 58%.
The percentage would be higher still were Japan excluded. There, 79% thought their children would be worse off, which the highest proportion in any country surveyed apart from maudlin France (86%).
In Vietnam, by contrast, 94% expect their children to be wealthier; in China the proportion is 89%, in Bangladesh 71%, India 67% and Indonesia 62%. South Korea was the only advanced economy surveyed to show a majority (52%) of optimists. (Hong Kong, Singapore and Taiwan were not covered.)
Perhaps oddly for a country still run by a communist party, Vietnam comes out on top of another ranking—with 95% of respondents in favour of a “free-market economy”. The next three countries in that list are also in Asia—Bangladesh (80%), South Korea (78%) and another communist country, China (76%).
America is an outlier on one, more philosophical, question, with 57% disagreeing with the assertion that life is determined by forces outside one’s control. Asians, by contrast, lack the American conviction that you make your own destiny. In South Korea, 74% of respondents agreed that life is largely determined by outside forces; the proportion was 73% in Vietnam, 58% in China and Indonesia and 56% in India.
An explanation of that disparity might lie in the answers to questions about what is important in getting along in life. In America 62% think a good education is important, and 73% that hard work is. In China, for example, these two factors also ranked above others—such as knowing the right people, and good luck—but education was seen as being important to getting along by only 27% and hard work by 18%. If there is little you can do to affect your children’s lot, Asia’s optimism seems indistinguishable from fatalism.
(Charts: Pew Research Centre)

Ukrainian president accepts defence minister s resignationThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Fighting Indias silent epidemicUpdated: October 13, 2014 01:25 IST
Fighting India’s silent epidemic
Soumya Swaminathan
Tweet
AP ECONOMIC AND CLINICAL CRISIS: There are 2.2 million new cases and close to 3,00,000 deaths each year according to the Government of India’s TB India 2014 report. Picture shows the x-ray of a patient in New Delhi suffering from both TB and HIV.
TOPICS
healthcare policy
Tackling TB requires both strengthening the public sector and engaging the private sector
Over 60 per cent of all Indians seek health care in the private sector according to India’s last National Family Health Survey. This undoubtedly makes the private sector the largest provider of health services in India. The government health system, though vast and well-intentioned, continues to be overburdened with multiple challenges including long waiting hours, an ageing infrastructure, limited funding and human resources. Even though parallel providers of health services, the absence of partnerships between the public and private sector has disastrous implications for patients and for disease control. A striking case study is that of TB.
With 2.2 million new cases and close to 3,00,000 deaths each year, TB is India’s silent epidemic. The 60 per cent of all TB patients who first go to the private sector receive care whose quality varies enormously, often leading to delays in diagnosis and no assurance of cure. As a result, a large proportion of these patients move — sicker and poorer — from one provider to another, infecting others in the process.
Treatment access and reliability
While TB can affect anybody, studies have shown that it is four times more common in people in the lowest socio-economic quintile compared to the highest. A recent systematic review found that the total costs of TB for patients and affected families on average corresponded to more than half their yearly income. This makes it a clinical as well as an economic crisis.
How can India address this crisis? Tackling TB in India requires both strengthening the public sector and engaging the private sector. For a disease like TB, early diagnosis and correct treatment are the easiest ways to reduce transmission. India needs to give every patient, irrespective of whether they go to the public or private sector, access to quick and reliable diagnosis and treatment.
Studies have shown that TB is four times more common in people in the lowest socio-economic quintile compared to the highest
For the government, this means that every primary health centre (urban and rural) — the first point of care for the patient — should be capable of making a diagnosis of TB and initiating treatment.
For this, diagnostic facilities need to be upgraded and clinical and laboratory staff given training. Private services could be utilised for some of these investigations in PHCs where these facilities may not be available (for example imaging studies, paediatrician opinions and rapid molecular tests). Patients should not need to travel long distances to get a diagnosis.
Ultimately, the quality of health care provided and a “satisfied client” are the most successful advertisements for the health system. At the same time, we must actively engage the private sector in a mutually acceptable way — while patients continue to remain with the individual doctor, both diagnosis and treatment could be provided free through the public sector.
Brazilian example
Here, Brazil offers an excellent example, where TB drugs are offered only by the public health system and are unavailable in the private sector. TB drugs are bought through a centralised mechanism of acquisition and distribution, ensuring drug quality.
Such a model could easily work in India if combined with effective use of technology. Each patient diagnosed in the private sector could avail drugs through the use of a paper or electronic voucher valid at designated pharmacies. This would ensure that patients receive appropriate and quality-assured drug regimens reducing patient costs. Further, it would ensure notification of all patients and help in monitoring and follow-up to ensure cure.
There is obvious reluctance in the private sector to engage with the government because of the fear of losing their patients, excessive monitoring, delayed payments, etc. Hence, we must be flexible in our approach to treatment (as long as standards are followed) and create more transparency, accompanied by use of technology to address systemic delays.
Changes in TB programme
Rapid reduction in TB burden is not possible without significant changes in India’s TB programme. It requires uniform and equitable implementation of the diagnostic, treatment, public health and social support guidelines laid down in the Indian Standards of TB care, strengthening of human resources both at the Central and State level, using novel methods of monitoring patient compliance (e.g. mobile phone based) and launching a massive public awareness campaign. Procedures for procurement and distribution of drugs need to be streamlined to ensure a constant supply of quality-assured drugs. More flexibility in programme delivery needs to be given to State and district-level implementing officers. Alongside inputs to achieve universal health coverage, social protection interventions that address out-of-pocket expenses and the food and nutritional requirements of TB patients are also critical — an innovative example is the free breakfast scheme for TB patients launched by the Chennai Corporation.
India may take a cue from China, where TB prevalence declined by half as the government invested heavily in systemic improvements, modernisation and changing approaches to diagnosis and treatment. This revitalisation of TB services led to millions being able to access timely, high-quality TB treatment which considerably reducing the number of new TB cases.
India urgently needs similar investment in the health system combined with innovative strategies to address TB and drug resistant TB.
In 2013, the World Health Organization identified 3 million missing TB cases globally of which 1 million were in India. These 1 million missing cases fall somewhere between the public and the private sector and lack access to free care. If India wishes to end its TB crisis, we must begin by providing prompt diagnosis and treatment to our missing million. Yet this is unlikely to happen unless we transform our current TB programme while simultaneously engaging the vast private sector. If we do not act now, our inaction will make us responsible for continued suffering of patients and deaths.
(Soumya Swaminathan is director, National Institute for Research in Tuberculosis, Chennai, and Chapal Mehra is an independent New Delhi-based writer.)

From 1913 to 2014: Indian Nobel Prize winnersPlease Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Slideshow

After RBI diktat  Uber under scanner of Services Tax DeptAfter RBI diktat, Uber under scanner of Services Tax Dept
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Oct 12, 2014 01:56 PM IST
After allegedly falling foul with RBI, the US-based transport app provider Uber Inc, which offers its services to around 1,200 cab operators in India's 10 top cities, has come under the scanner of the Services Tax Department.
"We have sent a tax enquiry to Uber Inc. So far, they have not paid us a single penny in taxes. We have not sent them a demand notice as they don't have an office in the country, but are operating through their Netherlands arm," Mumbai Service Tax Commissioner SK Solanki told PTI.
When asked what is the quantum of the money they are in default of, Solanki said: "The department has not sent a demand notice to them but an enquiry, seeking clarifications.
"Their headquarters has informed us that some representative from their Netherlands office will meet us. We will issue them a demand notice after getting their response because we are not sure who is liable to pay the tax - Uber or the cabbies. But someone has to pay," he said.
Uber has become popular by offering luxury car rides for a little more than the regular fare.
The service tax notice to Uber makes it the first such demand to a foreign service provider in the e-commerce space in the country.
The San Francisco-based Uber Inc claims to be the world's largest transport app service provider by online aggregation of luxury cab operators, and has been under legal and regulatory lens in almost all the markets it operates in like the home market US, Germany, Britain, Poland, Brazil, Korea, among others. It is present in over 200 cities globally.
In August this year, the Reserve Bank had reportedly asked it to stop receiving payments with single-factor authentication from October 31, which would effectively mean that it will have to shut shop by the end of the month here.
When told that Uber claims it is not in default, Solanki said: "I don't understand how they are different from any other taxi operator like Meru, TabCab etc who all pay service tax. We are very sure that either Uber pay us the tax or cabbies do so. But getting it from some 1,200 cabbies individually is not easy."
When contacted for response, Uber communications head for APAC Region, Evelyn Tay in an email told PTI: "Uber complies with all applicable tax laws, and pays the relevant tax in every territory it operates in. All payments on the Uber system are cashless and fully traceable in an industry that has been notoriously cash-based for years."
The privately held company, set up in March 2009 by Travis Kalanick (chief executive) and Garrett Camp, has Goldman Sachs and Google Ventures among others as investors and offers vehicles for hire, ride-sharing through its app.

RBI governor calm on impact of US rate riseThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Visakhapatnam ODI abandoned; teams stay back in capitalThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Cyclone Hudhud: Navy to lead  Operation Lehar  to rescue peopleAndhra Pradesh
(The Navy has been appointed…)
NEW DELHI: Responding to cyclone Hudhud , the armed forces today repositioned their resources to assist the civil administration to launch rescue and relief operations in the affected regions of Andhra Pradesh and Odisha.
The Navy has been appointed as the lead agency among the armed force to carry out relief and rescue operations which have been code-named 'Op Lehar'.
The Andhra Sub-Area of Army has deployed four teams of its personnel at Vishakhapatnam and as many teams at Srikakulam (Tikli and Echerla). Army has also established a Disaster Management Cell at Air Defence College, Gopalpur.
Six teams and ten sub-teams have been deployed for Road Opening Party and launching rescue and relief operations at Gopalpur. Army has also kept 25 rescue teams and two Engineer Task Forces on standby at Ranchi, Allahabad and Secunderabad.
Navy has also positioned its resources and personnel in some of the important areas of Odisha and Andhra Pradesh, including Chilka and Vishakhapatnam, for relief and rescue operation.
It has kept 30 diving teams with Gemini craft and associated equipment, 20 rescue teams, four ships with Medical Bricks and medical stores, six helicopters and two fixed winged aircrafts and two medical teams ready at Vishakhapatnam for undertaking rescue and relief operations, a Defence Ministry statement said here.
The Air Force has already geared itself up to undertake relief, rescue and rehabilitation operations as and when required.
To bolster transport efforts, IAF has kept one IL-76, one C-17 and five AN-32 aircraft ready at Chandigarh, Delhi, Jorhat and Agra.
Keeping rescue operations in mind it has kept in standby mode three Chetak choppers at Hakimpet, one Medium Light Helicopter (Mi-8) at Yelahanka and ten Medium Light Helicopters (Mi-17) at Nagpur, Hyderabad, Kalaikunda, Suratgarh, Bagdogra and Barrackpore.
Coast Guard has also deployed 17 ships, two Air Cushion Vessels (ACVs) and 13 aircraft in Eastern and North-Eastern regions to augment the rescue and relief operations, wherever required.
As the exact nature and magnitude of devastation is yet to emerge completely, the state authorities are now monitoring the route and velocity of the cyclone closely. The contour and the magnitude of relief operations by the armed forces in these two states will be shaped accordingly, the statement said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hudhud loses intensity  winds now blowing at 80-90 kmphThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

RIL projected to report 5% jump in Q2 profitThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Liberia health workers  strike on Monday could hurt Ebola effortsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Lewis Hamilton wins  Mercedes take teams  crownThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Indian companies get better rates for foreign loansThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sena attacks PM for  inaction  on ceasefire breachYou are here: Home > Collections > Bjp
Uddhav Thackeray attacks PM Narendra Modi for 'inaction' on ceasefire violations by Pakistan
PTI Oct 12, 2014, 10.29PM IST
Tags:
ceasefire violations
(With the campaigning for…)
MUMBAI: With the campaigning for Maharashtra Assembly polls set to conclude tomorrow, Shiv Sena today stepped up its attack on erstwhile ally BJP for breaking their 25-year-old partnership even as it charged Prime Minister Narendra Modi with "inaction" on the issue of the ceasefire violations by Pakistan.
Playing the son-of-the-soil card, Uddhav told the rally tonight in Bandra Kurla Complex (BKC) in suburban Mumbai that Sena would have been finished had he accepted BJP's demands regarding seat sharing for the Oct. 15 polls.
"If I had accepted BJP's demands, (our) alliance would have survived, but Sena would have been finished. I am fighting this battle with your support and strength, BJP will never come to power in the state," Uddhav said.
Recalling former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee's poem, 'Kadam milakar chalna hoga", on overcoming hurdles together, Uddhav said had Balasaheb Thackeray been alive with Vajpayee at the helm, the 25-year-old alliance would not have collapsed.
Referring to Modi's rabble-rousing campaign ahead of Lok Sabha elections on dealing with Pakistan, Uddhav said, "Before Lok Sabha polls, we were promised tit-for-tat action if Pakistan killed our soldiers. What is happening now? Why is there a silence now?"
Ridiculing Modi's claim that he would develop Maharashtra like Gujarat if BJP was voted to power in the state, Uddhav said, "Why do you need the same party's government at the state and the Centre. When you were chief minister of Gujarat, was not Manmohan Singh the prime minister... Didn't you work for the development of Gujarat.
"It is not necessary which party is in power. What is important is who is the chief minister," he said.
Uddhav said he would never allow BJP to remove Mumbai from Maharashtra or create a separate state of Vidarbha.
"If you have the guts, liberate occupied Kashmir from Pakistan and also take back our land from China," he said.
Taking a dig at BJP over its claims of a massive response to Modi's rallies, Uddhav said that people from Gujarat were being brought in to fill the venues of the PM's public meetings.
"You have seen Sena's love and warmth, now you see its anger," he said in a warning to BJP.
Uddhav said his party will take back Marathi-speaking areas from Karnataka if voted to power.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ambani s kids made directors of Rel Jio retail venturesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Recession fears slam German stocksGerman stocks hit 1-year low on recession fears
By Mark Thompson   @MarkThompsonCNN October 10, 2014: 9:04 AM ET
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Shares in top German companies plunged Friday to their lowest levels in a year as Europe's biggest economy teeters on the brink of another recession.
Germany's DAX index fell by more than 2% to about 8,800. The summer's record high above 10,000 is now a distant memory.
The index has fallen 4% over the past five days and nearly 8% since the start of 2014.
Most European markets are now flashing red for the year but Germany has been particularly hard-hit after a recent series of disastrous data.
The German economy slipped into reverse in the second quarter of the year, contracting by 0.2% and slamming the brakes on the fragile eurozone recovery .
August numbers for industrial production, factory orders and exports were all deeply negative, putting Germany on course to shrink further in the third quarter.
That would push the manufacturing giant into its third recession since the 2008 global financial crisis.
The Ukraine crisis has hurt exports to Russia , and business confidence has taken a beating.
With Italy shrinking and France stagnating, Europe desperately needs Germany to restart its engine.
Related: 'Mediocre' growth plagues world economy
After cutting interest rates as low as they can go, the European Central Bank is now planning to buy private sector loans and mortgages in a bid to encourage more bank lending and reduce the risk of deflation and stagnation.
Assets worth as much as one trillion euros could qualify for the stimulus program, which begins this month. The euro has fallen 9% since May to a two-year low against the dollar.
But ECB President Mario Draghi has made clear that the bank can't fix Europe on its own.
 
ECB takes leaf out of Fed playbook
Pressure is building on Germany -- which expects to balance its budget next year -- to provide additional stimulus to the economy by increasing government spending on infrastructure.
So far the German government has spurned calls from within Europe and beyond to open its coffers, emphasizing instead the need for more reforms.
First Published: October 10, 2014: 7:50 AM ET
Most Popular

Pakistan continues ceasefire violations; 3 injuredUpdated: October 12, 2014 11:56 IST
Pakistan continues ceasefire violations; 3 injured
PTI
PTI A man looks at one of the houses hit by shelling from the Pakistani side in Trewa Village at Arnia sector in Jammu on Saturday.
TOPICS
India-Pakistan
Targets 15 border outposts, villages along International Border in Arina, RS Pura sectors of Jammu
Pakistani troops heavily shelled 15 border outposts (BOPs) and hamlets along the International Border (IB) overnight, leaving three persons injured, one of them seriously in Jammu district.
BSF troops retaliated and intermittent firing and mortar shelling was continuing when last reports came in. “After heavy firing, Pakistani Rangers resorted to heavy mortar shelling in Arnia and parts of RS Pura sectors of Jammu district overnight”, a BSF Spokesman said on Sunday.
He said about 15 BoPs were targeted.
Earlier last night, “flat trajectory weaponry fire came at 2010 hours in our area of Operation in three BoPs along International Border (IB) in Arnia sector of Jammu district”, he said.
Pakistani troops also shelled several border hamlets in these areas, in which, three persons were injured, one of them critically in Jabowal village along the IB, District Magistrate, Jammu, Ajeet Kumar Sahu told PTI.
The critically injured person has been shifted to Government Medical College Hospital in Jammu for specialised treatment, he said, adding “firing and shelling is going on when the reports last came this morning”.
The shelling hit Arnia town besides villages of Kuku-Da Kothay, Mahasha kothe, Jabowal, Treva, Chingia, Alla, Sie, Chenaz and Devigarh.
Dozens of shells landed and exploded in deserted Arnia town, the reports said.
However, peace prevailed in forward sectors of Samba, Ramgarh, Hiranagar and Kathua as there were no reports of any firing or shelling in these areas.
On Saturday, Pakistani troops had resorted to firing on forward Indian posts along the LoC in Banwat-Shahpur sector of Poonch district from 1300 hours, a senior Army officer said.
Pakistan heavily shelled civilian areas in Shahpur, Kirni, Banwat, Mandaar, Kalsaam, Doda along LoC in Poonch.
Pakistani troops of 641 Mujahid Regiment also shelled six Posts including Doda, Jangalvon, Jungal two, Kranti, Sher and Shakti in the area.
Five houses suffered minor damages and one house caught fire in the area but there was no casualty.
The IB has witnessed heavy firing this month that has left eight persons dead and 90 people injured, including 13 security men.
Besides over 32,000 people have fled from their border homes leaving 113 hamlets deserted along the IB.

Star awarded biggest ever ICC global contractprint
The International Cricket Council on Sunday awarded the largest ever global broadcast contract to Star India and Star Middle East for eight years from 2015, a period that includes two World Cups, two Champions Trophy events and two World Twenty20 events.
 
The announced was made after one round of meeting in London last week, and another round in Dubai on Sunday. The meetings were attended by ICC president N Srinivasan, among others.
 
No figures were revealed but since the previous media rights package over the last eight years was sold to ESPN Star Sports for 1.2 billion dollars, the one from 2015-2023 was likely to fetch the ICC around 2 billion dollars, making it the largest-ever.
 
The ICC said the decision followed a robust tender, bidding and evaluation process, which started in July 2014. During the process, which involved two rounds of bidding, the ICC received 17 competitive bids from various broadcasters across different territories for its audio-visual rights.
 
“While the final value of the rights fee agreed will not be disclosed, it is significantly in excess of the ICC’s previous commercial deals”, the ICC said in a release.
 
Included in the new eight-year period are 18 ICC tournaments, including two ICC Cricket World Cups (2019 and 2023), two ICC Champions Trophy tournaments (2017 and 2021) and two ICC World Twenty20 tournaments (2016 and 2020).
 
Srinivasan said: “We are delighted that our partnership with the Star group has extended to the next cycle of ICC Events. This illustrates the strong relationship we have built in the current cycle and the value we have delivered since 2007”.
 
He added: “Star has an outstanding reputation as a sports broadcaster and has played an integral role in promoting and growing the game by taking coverage of ICC Events to a truly global and record-breaking audience, and we look forward to this continuing for another eight years”.
 
Giles Clarke, Chairman of ICC Business Corporation’s Finance and Commercial Affairs Committee, said: “This innovative and exciting partnership will underpin the long-term financial health of the global game and provide real stability for all our Members. It will help the ICC and our Members to grow participation in areas such as the women’s game where there have been great strides made as well as supporting the emerging nations”.
 
Uday Shankar, CEO, Star India, said: “We are delighted and honoured to extend our partnership with ICC. This is a tribute to Star's commitment and ICC's trust in our ability to take the great game of cricket to the next level. Star will constantly attempt to reinvent the viewer experience to make cricket bigger and bigger.”
 
The agreement with Star India and Star Middle East does not include host broadcast production rights, which the ICC has decided to reserve along with a host of other rights. The sales process for ICC’s reserved rights will be announced in due course.
 

Modi undermining dignity of PM s post: PawarComments
Days after Prime Minister Narendra Modi accused Sharad Pawar and his kin of "enslaving" people in his stronghold Baramati, the NCP chief today hit back at Modi, saying he was compromising the prestige of PM's post by lowering the standard of public debate with personal attacks. "Prime Ministership is an institution and maintaining its dignity and prestige is the duty of one and all. It is sad that prestige is not being maintained.
"The Prime Minister's position is being undermined and the standard of public debate has been lowered by those occupying it. Personal attacks are given priority in speeches," Pawar said here at an interaction organised by the Mantralaya and Vidhimandal Vartahar Sangh, an association of reporters who cover legislature and government.
At an election rally in Baramati earlier this week, Modi had said NCP's election symbol 'clock' symbolised their misdeeds. He also alleged that senior Pawar and his nephew and former Maharashtra Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar had enslaved the people of Baramati with their domination in all spheres of life. Taking strong objection to pictures of Modi and his speeches in the US being used as campaign material for the BJP in Maharashtra, Pawar said, "Modi visited the US as Prime Minister of the country and not leader of BJP. It is unfortunate that his speeches are being shown as part of the party's campaign and it is height of misuse of power."
Replying to questions, Pawar said it was too early to assess Modi's performance as Prime Minister since May. "However, he has to focus on priorities. At least appoint a full time Defence Minister so that the morale of the forces on the borders is boosted. Ceasefire violations are happening on daily basis," Pawar said rejecting Modi's charge that border tensions are being politicised. To a query on Modi's campaign in the state, the former Agriculture Minister said every politician has the right to campaign for his party but state issues are highlighted in Assembly polls. He said the national leadership should fulfil its responsibility of looking after border tensions and take steps to boost the morale of the Army.
Alleging that BJP had defamed Maharashtra through its ad campaigns, Pawar said the state was ahead of Gujarat in terms of per capita income, investment and industrial output. "When I was the Chief Minister, Chimanbhai Patel ruled Gujarat. Never before there was such act of one upmanship. Maharashtra and Gujarat always co-operated with each other," he said. Pawar also said BJP had no right to seek votes in the name of Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj.
"A seventh standard Social Science textbook of Gujarat has distorted facts about the Maratha warrior king saying that he was born in 1603 AD at Shivneri Palace and Konddev was his grandfather," the NCP leader said quoting a document which he received from Vadodara. He also lashed out at Modi government for using state-owned broadcaster Doordarshan "to propagate the RSS ideology". "The I&B ministry says the RSS chef's Dussehra speech had news value. The RSS chief delivers his speech every year during Dussehra. Even Vajpayee did not find news value in that when he was Prime Minister," he said. Pawar said forcing one's ideology on people is a cause of concern.
"Social equality comes under danger in such situations. I am willing to co-operate if an anti-BJP front materialises," he said, adding that he would not take any initiative in this regard. When asked about Modi's criticism on his tenure as Agriculture Minister,the NCP chief said his successor in the ministry has said godowns are filled with food grains. "Surely this has not happened overnight after Modi took over. Modi is maligning agriculturists who took so much pains to increase the country's food production," he said. To a query on speculation that Mumbai will be separated from Maharashtra, Pawar said he apprehended that the state and Mumbai's importance would be lowered by the Modi government, but no one can try to separate Mumbai from Maharashtra.
On the issue of Vidarbha, Pawar said even though BJP manifesto does not mention about separate statehood, the Maharashtra unit leaders are speaking openly in favour of it. "NCP is for united Maharashtra. But, if voting is held by Election Commission to ascertain the people's views and if they are in support of Vidarbha, NCP will back the demand," Pawar said, recalling the plebiscite in Goa on the issue of merger with Maharashtra.

War s fashion  talking peace is passprint
The media is on an overdrive on either side of the border, looking for voices seeking retaliation, revenge and return of fire.
Bashing a real or perceived enemy makes for high-adrenaline television even in peace time. Markets for aggressive nationalism bordering on the militarist boom amid artillery fire across our punishing frontiers.
That’s what is happening. Television studio in India and Pakistan have become little theatres of war with guests from the rival side consistently interrupted, ridiculed and shown as nincompoops. Barring honorable exceptions, anchors are players themselves, not umpires. They take sides, pushing partisan narratives, leaving reasonable minds exasperated and asking: does it not take two to tango?
The peacenik is the first casualty in such hysteria. He’s the “fifth columnist” running away from war; a 'deserter' either eliminated from the discourse or court marshaled for cowardice on live television.
I had one such experience the other day with a well-regarded Pakistani TV channel on being invited for a show moderated (is that the word?) by a journalist I rate pretty high. But the promised phone call from never came. They had replaced me--- an incorrigible peacenik that I am--- with a burly old Indian general who they thought was better equipped to add ammunition to a fiery debate. And to add insult to injury, they didn't even care to inform.
The war games played in livings rooms on either side of the  border have no use for white pigeons. Attrition, not reason is their stock in trade. Their purpose is to show the other side as the aggressor.  They  make  people wanting to see blood.
The consequences of such maniacal discourse are hard to miss. It makes war an option in popular perception, painting governments is a corner. It leaves them hard pressed to keep sanity.
The result of such outlandish media-led campaigns could be a Kandahar type swap or reactive war cries governments have difficulties living down. That's the scenario in which people start ruling and rulers  start following. The risks thereof are huge, the resultant precedents too costly to keep or repeat.
As they relentlessly chase eyeballs, a lesson lost on media practitioners --- so ably assisted by the fringe on the prowl on social sites--- is about the imperative of institutional democracy. They forget that certain decisions or choices are best made by people holding office--- not those holding forth in mock fights in air-conditioned studios far removed from damaged homes  and wasted or dislocated innocent lives along our borders.
One isn't advocating pusillanimity here. The purpose is to not let us denigrate into a gladiator society. War does bequeath prizefighters. But the price of it prosperity and peace; not to mention the ever vulnerable peacenik.
He's even denied a decent funeral. For he dares to wage amity between people up in arms.

BJP slams Pak for writing to UN and blaming India for ceasefire violationsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Coalgate: banks may be hit by 3 lakh cr in bad loansComments
Indian banks are bracing for the fallout of the coal block allocation scam.
As the government gears up to pursue the issue of reallcocation of coal blocks after the Supreme Court judgement last month, banks are staring at the possibility of most of their Rs. 3 lakh crore exposure to the sector turning into non-performing assets (NPAs) — loans that do not yield returns.
The apex court last month cancelled 214 blocks allocated since 1993.
According to a note sent to the coal ministry by the finance ministry, “if coal is not made available to the companies/project as per the sanctions or arrangements, it will seriously impact the asset quality of the loan accounts, rendering them NPAs.”
This would deprive banks of their interest income and may call for additional provisioning, the note said.
The banking sector has exposure of rs. 5.01 lakh crore to the power sector. The exposure has grown from 4.3% of non-food credit in March 2008 to 8.83% in the June 2014. “During the same period the banks had financed many new power projects, which may be negatively impacted by the SC verdict,” the analysis said. “If these project fail to take off, banks will have to either write-off or classify them as NPA.”
The finance ministry is keeping a close watch on the situation. Banks have been directed to come up with concrete alternative plans to ensure that the impact of such NPAs, if any, is minimal and there is no further pressure on the asset quality of the banks.
An internal research by the State Bank of India projected the total demand for coal in the country at 787 million tonnes for 2014-15.
“There is should not be any major concern, as the government has assured supplies  would not be disrupted... if the issue is addressed appropriately, there should be no major impact on lenders, though there could be some temporary setback,” Soumya Kanti Ghosh, chief economic adviser, SBI told HT.
Last month, the Supreme Court ordered the cancellation of 214 coal blocks. Forty-six of these have been given six months to wind up their businesses — of these, six had just got permission to open mines, while 40 had begun production.
Axis Bank, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Yes Bank among others are assessing the impact of the verdict on their assets.
India’s banking industry has witnessed a surge in the level of NPAs in recent months. Bad loans touched Rs. 2,45,809 crore in 2013-14 from Rs. 1,83,854 crore in 2012-13 and Rs. 1,37,102 crore in 2011-12.

Mercedes secure one F1 trophy  other to followThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

RIL launches constitution to adopt GeNext practicesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

CDC confirms health worker in Texas tests positive for EbolaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

The purple moorhens of Pallikaranai marshlandUpdated: October 13, 2014 02:55 IST
The purple moorhens of Pallikaranai marshland
P. Oppili
Tweet
THE HINDU The birds breed in the months of October and November. The reeds and vegetation in the marshland facilitate not just breeding but also help the birds escape from predators — Photo: M. Vedhan
In the mornings and evenings, the birds flock to the muddy portions of the swamp to feed and are a sight to behold
The next time you pass by Thoraippakkam–Pallavaram Radial Road, spare a minute to enjoy the beauty of the purple moorhens happily feeding in the marshlands of Pallikaranai.
The small, purple-coloured bird, with red legs, forehead and bill is a resident breeder at Pallikaranai, say researchers and bird watchers.
For several years, naturalists have observed the moorhen breeding here.
According to V. Shantaram, director, Institute of Bird Studies, Rishi Valley, in the morning and evening hours, moorhens come out of their habitat and feed in the muddy portions of the swamp in flocks. A flock sometimes has up to 20 birds.
K. Gnanaskandan, member of Madras Naturalists’ Society, says in the past few years, a good number of moorhens with their young ones have been sighted at Pallikaranai marshland.
Dr. Shantaram says reduced threat, coupled with availability of plentiful feed, may have led to the birds breeding very well in the marshland.
T. Murugavel of Environment Monitoring and Action Initiating says purple moorhens can swim but they prefer not to. They can be seen moving among the reeds and swamp grasses with ease.
The months of October and November are breeding season for these birds. The reeds and vegetation in the marshland facilitate not just breeding but also help the birds escape from predators.
Two years ago, Mr. Murugavel says he saw an osprey, a fish-eating bird, carrying a purple moorhen from the marshland. In 2013, a pack of dogs that managed to enter the marshland was spotted hunting the moorhens.
In the name of cleaning and dredging, vegetation from Pallikaranai marshland should not be removed as moorhens stay inside the reed beds after dark and breed there, says Mr. Murugavel.

Student directs Tamil short film on FacebookOne in six smartphone users victim of cyber attack: Study
One in six smartphone users in the world have fallen prey to a cyber attack, reveals a new study, adding that 60% of smartphone users and almost half of tablet users are vulnerable to hacking as these devices have no protection...
Student directs Tamil short film on Facebook
PTI
print
An engineering student has directed a Tamil short film on the popular social networking site Facebook, its users and what they do to be popular in the virtual world.
"Facebook Neenga Nallavara Kettavara", (Facebook, are you good or bad) is a 40 minute short film by V Vignesh Kumar, a civil engineering student of Anna University. He has also essayed the lead role in the movie.
The short film that was screened here revolves around young people, especially men, and how they are crazily hooked on to the digital medium.
The importance boys give to rise in the popularity chart, and attract girls in the social media by getting the most "likes" is told interestingly. The film is funny, bringing alive the "virtual and brand conscious" (top brands like apple are on the wish list of youth who always chase them) world of college goers.
In their zest to present a "live feel" of the young world, the film even has a colloquial Tamil word with an offensive meaning.
Despite its propensity to gobble up time and energy the social media has its own advantages like instant communication, networking and so on in a fast paced life, the audience are told in narrative interspersal.
"An interesting fact is the whole film crew got introduced to each other on Facebook," Vignesh told PTI. "My heart lies in cinema and I want to do films," he said.

Health worker second in US to test positive ...You are here: Home > Collections
Health worker second in US to test positive for Ebola
AP Oct 12, 2014, 08.43PM IST
Tags:
Dallas
(Meanwhile, a top federal…)
DALLAS: A Texas health care worker who was in full protective gear while providing hospital care for an Ebola patient who later died has tested positive for the virus and is in stable condition, health officials said Sunday. If the preliminary diagnosis is confirmed, it would be the first known case of the disease being contracted or transmitted in the US.
Meanwhile, a top federal health official said the health care worker's Ebola diagnosis shows there was a clear breach of safety protocol and all those who treated Thomas Eric Duncan are now considered to be potentially exposed.
Dr. Daniel Varga, of the Texas Health Resources, said during a news conference Sunday that the worker wore a gown, gloves, mask and shield while they provided care to Duncan during his second visit to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital. Varga did not identify the worker and says the family of the worker has "requested total privacy."
Varga says the health care worker reported a fever Friday night as part of a self-monitoring regimen required by the Atlanta-based Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. He said another person also remains in isolation, and the hospital has stopped accepting new emergency room patients.
Duncan, the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the US, died Wednesday in Dallas.
"We knew a second case could be a reality, and we've been preparing for this possibility," Dr. David Lakey, commissioner of the Texas Department of State Health Services, said in a statement Sunday. "We are broadening our team in Dallas and working with extreme diligence to prevent further spread."
But Dr. Tom Frieden, head of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, on Sunday raised concerns about a possible breach of safety protocol and told CBS' "Face the Nation" that among the things CDC will investigate is how the workers took off that gear because removing it incorrectly can lead to a contamination.
"I think the fact that we don't know of a breach in protocol is concerning, because clearly there was a breach in protocol," Frieden said. "We have the ability to prevent the spread of Ebola by caring safely for patients ... We'll conduct a full investigation of what happens before health workers go in, what happens when they're there, and what happens in the taking out, taking off their protective equipment because infections only occur when there's a breach in protocol."
Health officials have interviewed the patient and are identifying any contacts or potential exposures. They said people who had contact with the health care worker after symptoms emerged will be monitored based on the nature of their interactions and the potential they were exposed to the virus.
Officials said they also received information that there may be a pet in the health care worker's apartment, and they have a plan in place to care for the animal. They do not believe the pet has signs of having contracted Ebola.
 
Judge Clay Jenkins, Dallas County's top administrative official, said the unidentified health care worker is a "heroic" person who "was proud to provide care to Mr. Duncan." He said the health care worker's family has requested privacy because they are "going through a great ordeal."
More than 4,000 people have died in the ongoing Ebola epidemic centered in West Africa, according to World Health Organization figures published Friday. Almost all of those deaths have been in the three worst-affected countries, Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea.
Health care workers treating Ebola patients are among the most vulnerable, even if wearing protective gear. A Spanish nurse assistant recently became the first health care worker infected outside west Africa during the ongoing outbreak: she helped care for a missionary priest who was brought to a Madrid hospital. More than 370 health care workers in west Africa have fallen ill or died in west Africa since epidemic began earlier this year.
Ebola spreads through close contact with a symptomatic person's bodily fluids, such as blood, sweat, vomit, feces, urine, saliva or semen. Those fluids must have an entry point, like a cut or scrape or someone touching the nose, mouth or eyes with contaminated hands, or being splashed. The World Health Organization says blood, feces and vomit are the most infectious fluids, while the virus is found in saliva mostly once patients are severely ill and the whole live virus has never been culled from sweat.
Thomas Eric Duncan, the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the US, died Wednesday in Dallas. Duncan grew up next to a leper colony in Liberia and fled years of war before later returning to his country to find it ravaged by the disease that ultimately took his life.
Duncan arrived in Dallas in late September, realizing a long-held ambition to join relatives. He came to attend the high-school graduation of his son, who was born in a refugee camp in Ivory Coast and was brought to the US as a toddler when the boy's mother successfully applied for resettlement.
The trip was the culmination of decades of effort, friends and family members said. But when Duncan arrived in Dallas, though he showed no symptoms, he had already been exposed to Ebola. His neighbors in Liberia believe Duncan become infected when he helped a pregnant neighbor who later died from it. It was unclear if he knew about her diagnosis before traveling.
Duncan had arrived at a friend's Dallas apartment on Sept. 20 less than a week after helping his sick neighbor. For the nine days before he was taken to a hospital in an ambulance, Duncan shared the apartment with several people.
FEATURED ARTICLES

7 best things to buy at Trader Joe sThe 7 Best Things to Buy at Trader Joe's
Here's what you need to know to get the best from Trader Joe's.
Dave Swanson
October 12, 2014
With its array of affordably priced, yuppie-approved, vaguely gourmet foods, Trader Joe’s is fast becoming an American institution.
Showcasing both cultural variety and genuine value with its quirky lineup of staples and indulgences, the specialty grocer has more than 400 stores—about half of them in California, where Trader Joe’s started.
The chain’s format dates back to 1967, as detailed in Fortune magazine , though it wasn’t until 1996 that the first Trader Joe’s opened on the east coast. Following four decades of measured growth, the grocer is now rapidly expanding, particularly in Texas and Florida.
Trader Joe's is more or less designed to encourage wanton snacking. View Larger
Over time, Trader Joe’s has developed a cult following—Jessica Alba is a regular, as is Supreme Court Justice Sonya Sotomayor. But it also has its share of detractors.
“It has a very passionate following,” explained Nathan M. Rodgers, co-creator of review blog What’s Good at Trader Joe’s . “But it’s one of those things that polarizes people—they either love it or hate it.”
I’ve been shopping at Trader Joe’s for a long time—long enough to be able to tell you that you can’t do all your shopping there.
But there are some products so good that I always keep them in stock at home—Thai Green Curry Sauce, frozen tilapia fillets, and Lemon-Verbena Triple Milled Soap are just a few. For newcomers, though, it might be more helpful to highlight the general categories where variety, value and quality coalesce.
1. Nuts and Seeds
From basics to exotics, Trader Joe’s has nut fans (nut nuts?) covered with some of the best pricing I’ve found on cashews, pecans, macadamias, Brazil nuts, walnuts, pumpkin seeds, and sunflower seeds.
Pine nuts are a steal, and there’s a terrific variety of trail mixes to keep you full of energy on long hikes. The Old-Fashioned Blister Peanuts are savory and delicious, while luxurious Marcona Almonds from Spain are lathered in olive oil and rosemary—an irresistible splurge at $6.49 for six ounces.
Don’t overlook the peanut butter, along with sunflower seed and almond butter options. Almond meal for gluten-free baking is another great buy at just $3.99 a pound.
2. Olive Oil
While shopping at a grocer for just one product is a bit silly, Trader Joe’s affordable selection of high-quality olive oils is impressive enough for me to make an emergency run to the nearest branch when EVOO supplies run low.
Extra virgin olive oils stocked by Trader Joe’s are sourced from Italy, Spain, and California, but it’s the Greek Kalamata Olive Oil that experts say is best.
Having purchased many bottles, I can’t disagree, except to say that my latest find is Tunisian Organic Chetoui Olive Oil (which even the U.S. Embassy promotes ). It comes in a handsome can (good for keeping taste-degrading light away) and it’s an excellent buy at $9.99 for 34 ounces.
Of course, oils at TJ’s aren’t limited to olive. The chain also stocks organic Coconut Oil—16 ounces for the bargain price of $5.99—and there are also sesame seed, grapeseed, and pumpkin seed oils.
3. Cheese and Dairy Products
The array of cheeses at Trader Joe’s puts most grocers to shame.
From simple shredded or sandwich-grade Swiss, cheddar, and jack varieties to more esoteric specimens—like Gouda with Wasabi, Red Leicester with Chili and Red Bell Pepper, or English Cheddar with Truffles—the chain seems to have everything I ever could need.
Products like real grated Parmesan that count as luxury items at most major supermarkets are standard-issue at Trader Joe’s, while crumbled feta and bleu cheeses are priced well below competitors.
The entire dairy section is worth careful perusal. Milk and butter are good values, with the usual assortment of organics also on offer, and the selection of yogurts will keep your lunch box happy. If you're dodging lactose or allergic to soy, the Non-Dairy Almond Beverage (almond milk) is another great buy.
Whole Foods does offer much greater variety, with some fine boutique cheeses on offer. But Whole Foods’ prices are also—well, you know.
4. Finger Foods
From assemble-yourself gourmet goodies to pre-made, heat-and-serve appetizers like Chinese Style Pork Buns, Spinach and Cheese Stuffed Mushrooms, or the new Lamb Koftas with Masala Sauce, the enticing roster of party-ready options at Trader Joe's can seem endless.
I tend to prefer the DIY combos. They can be as simple as hummus and pita chips, or as complex as French chevre cheese on top of the savory Fig and Olive Crisps, garnished with a sliver of marinated Fire Roasted Red and Yellow Peppers. (Thanks for that one, mom.)
There are still more nut options that are also great for parties, like the Thai Lime and Chili Almonds or the Honey Roasted Macadamia Nuts.
5. Sweet Treats
One of the dangers of wandering into Trader Joe’s is the temptation to fill the shopping basket with all manner of chocolates, cookies and candies. I’d guess that about a quarter of the overall store is devoted to snacks, about half of which are sweets.
I’d guess that about a quarter of the overall store is devoted to snacks, about half of which are sweets.
My default order of operations is to ignore desserts until I’ve got a couple dinners in the basket, then top things off with (let's be honest here) what I really came for.
Cookies in various permutations (Triple Ginger Snaps are a top seller); chocolate-covered blueberries, coconut, cherries, espresso beans, and so on; and Apple Blossoms—perfect for two—are among the items I’ve succumbed to on multiple occasions.
6. Wine, Beer, & Spirits
Since regulations vary from one state or town to the next, not all Trader Joe’s locations stock liquor. But where they do, their prices almost always beat those at conventional grocers and liquor stores. (Only at Costco do I regularly find prices lower than Trader Joe’s, though large bottles and cases are all that’s available.)
While TJ's range of spirits isn't extensive, all the major categories are covered. House-brand liquors like Vodka of the Gods, Kentucky Bourbon, and the Premium Silver Tequila are great for mixers or unfussy sippers at well under $20 a bottle.
The beer selection is also less than impressive, but continually expanding. For those who like hoppier brews, I recommend the Mission St. IPA, bottled for Trader Joe’s by the estimable Firestone Walker Brewing. It's a great value at little more than a buck a pour. The annual Trappist-style Vintage Ale, brewed by Quebec's Unibroue, is another great buy at just $5 for a 750mL bottle.
Trader Joe’s is famous for its “Two-Buck Chuck,” but there are much better wines to be had, some of them under $10.
On the wine front, Trader Joe’s is famous for its Charles Shaw wines , aka “Two-Buck Chuck.” But there are much better wines to be had, some of them under $10.
You won’t find many boutique wineries represented (the chain moves too much volume), and there will be many unfamiliar labels sold only at Trader Joe’s, but head-to-head comparisons reveal wines at conventional supermarkets selling for $2 to $3 more.
Top shelf bottles such as Grgich Hills Chardonnay, Veuve Clicquot Champagne, and Stag’s Leap Artemis Cabernet Sauvignon yield even bigger savings.
7. Re-branded Products
Okay, I have to be a little vague here because I just don’t know for sure what I’m talking about. Still, it's well-known that most supermarket chains take established name-brand products and re-brand them under a hush-hush licensing deal.
Trader Joe’s is no different , but the goods tend to be a little more upmarket and lean to the healthier side of the aisle.
Need a few examples? Trader Joe’s tahini-spiked Goddess Salad Dressing tastes remarkably similar to Annie’s Natural Goddess Salad Dressing—but costs about 40 percent less. Trader Joe’s Fennel-Propolis-Myrrh Toothpaste is either a slick knockoff or, more likely, the very same toothpaste sold under the Tom’s of Maine brand. Trader Joe San’s Soyaki marinade not only tastes like Soy Vay Veri Veri Teriyaki but has virtually identical packaging—again, for little more than half the price.
Trader Joe’s keeps its business partners out of the spotlight; both sides have incentives for keeping mum about re-branded products. But if you try things around the store, you’ll probably find a few that, um... strongly remind you of big-name favorites.
But...
There are some aisles in Trader Joe’s where I fear to tread. Through years of trial and error, I've identified several broad categories of products that are simply bad bets. Check them out, and don't say you weren't warned:

Business attraction has to be business-like: Milton KotlerThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Amazon & Future Group ink deal to sell goods online; starting with apparelAmazon and Future Group ink deal to sell goods online; starting with apparel
Sagar Malviya, ET Bureau Oct 13, 2014, 07.19AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(Both firms will also develop…)
MUMBAI: The world's largest online store Amazon and India's largest listed retailer Future Group have signed a deal to jointly sell goods over the Internet amid growing friction between online and offline retailers over heavy discounting.
Future Group will sell more than 45 own labels of apparel initially, followed by in-house brands in the home, electronics and food categories, while the US-headquartered company will handle order fulfillment and customer service for the merchandise on its portal. Both firms will also develop a new line of products across categories to be exclusively sold at Amazon and Future Group's retail stores. ET was the first to report, on October 3, that Amazon founder Jeff Bezos and Future Group's Kishore Biyani met in New Delhi to discuss an alliance.
"The deal is deeper than just transactional involvement with Amazon. We are exploring several synergies in data sharing, co-branding, crosspromotion and distribution network sharing through the partnership," confirmed Biyani, who has been quite vocal on whether ecommerce firms' deep discounting strategy makes business sense, suggesting that offering cheaper prices wouldn't help in the long run. "We are targeting gross merchandise sales of Rs 6,000 crore in next 3 years through the alliance," he added. The deal comes soon after Flipkart's Billion Day Sale on October 6 led to protests by traditional retailers that they were being hurt by the alleged predatory pricing.
The complaints by traditional retailers led to the government saying it would examine the policy on ecommerce. Following this, Amazon's October 10-16 Diwali Dhamaka Week has been a subdued affair with sharp discounts restricted to stock clearances and products only being sold on the site. Under the deal, Amazon and Future will also jointly develop discounting strategy and price tags on their products won't be very different from rates at stores so that both channels don't end up cannibalising each other.
In its home market, Amazon had similar alliances with retailers such as Target Corp and Toys R Us in the past decade though both soured over time once the online seller gained scale and attracted other large brands.
Following the India deal, Future Group's four dozen own brands such as Lee Cooper, John Miller and Indigo Nation will be taken off from other online marketplaces where they are currently being sold.
Amazon's agreement in India also indicates its aggressive intent to spread itself across many product areas quickly in India — especially foods — a relatively niche category for online retail, which it has only recently entered. In July, the US company announced it would invest $2 billion in India operations that exceeded gross merchandise sales of more than $1 billion within a year of its launch. It completed a year in June this year.
Meanwhile, it was reported recently that Amazon plans to open its first brick-and-mortar store in New York .
The company's main rivals in India are Bangalore-based Flipkart and Snapdeal, the latter a Delhi-based company that counts eBay , Azim Premji and Ratan Tata as investors.
Together, they have sold goods worth more than $4 billion, with Flipkart alone estimated to have crossed $2 billion. The battle is set to intensify. According to a report by consulting firm Technopak, the $2.3-billion e-tailing market is expected to swell to $32 billion by 2020 and account for 3% of the total Indian retail sector.
In the offline retail market, just three companies — Aditya Birla's Madura Garments, Arvind Brands and Future Group — either own or sell more than two dozen brands each, thus becoming the preferred options for any online player looking to partner retailers.
The move holds benefits for both sides, but there are pitfalls as well.
"The upside is Amazon getting instant product diversity and capability while Future Group can explore a new channel for sales," said Devangshu Dutta, chief executive at retail consultancy Third Eyesight. "However, if the business is not aligned in terms of orientation and customer service, then it could create issues going forward, especially when one of the biggest barriers for online sale is inconsistency of products." Future Group has more than 75 own brands that earn it at least 15% higher margins on average compared with national brands, which is why Biyani is bullish on private labels across categories. The tie-up means Future Group's brands that now have a presence in 98 cities and towns will be marketed to 19,000 PIN codes serviced by Amazon across India.
Industry insiders also said the Indian retailer's move reflects a bid to expand into new distribution channels such as ecommerce in the search for growth. Last month, Snapdeal agreed to create Croma's Flagship Store on its ecommerce portal to sell electronics items including mobiles, tablets and laptops.
The $3-billion Future Group, on its part, has opted for SAP's Hybris OmniCommerce solutions and plans to invest nearly Rs 100 crore to beef up its ecommerce venture. It is targeting about 20% of revenue from online sales over the next 18 months. By 2020, the aim is even higher — at 40% of its sales through ecommerce or virtual platforms.
FEATURED ARTICLES

We want to be the most aspirational luxury car brand: Philipp Von Sahr  BMW PresidentBMW India
(In a chat with ET, he talks…)
Bavarian Motor Works, otherwise known as BMW, is the world's largest luxury carmaker. The company, which has a sizeable stake in the top-end car line-up in India, is now making serious inroads into the hybrid car business. Philipp von Sahr, who had joined BMW AG as an apprentice in 1979, is now the president of BMW Group India.
In a wide-ranging chat with ET's Chanchal Pal Chauhan, he talks of the plan to launch new range of hybrids here, backed by a team of dedicated dealers to sell and service these sophisticated machines. Edited excerpts.
Hybrids have not been so successful in India so far. Is it a prudent strategy to debut this expensive technology in an emerging market like India?
India may not be exactly ready for the futuristic hybrid cars, but we have to be here with our future models showcasing the alternative motoring technology that would drive the world tomorrow. There have been rapid changes across industries, and companies that are future-ready have been successful. For instance, in telecom, many of the global companies could not blend with the changing times and lost ground. But as a top-notch carmaker, we have to lead that change. Our futuristic hybrids, including the BMW i8 that will debut in January next year, would be an ideal mix of electric and a three-cylinder petrol engine to make 'green travelling' perfect across any of the mega cities in India. We introduced the hybrid version of our top-end 7 Series — the ActiveHybrid 7 — in July and it has seen good response from Indian customers.
What's the strategy to make these high-end hybrids successful in India?
We have a firm marketing strategy in place. We will foray with special 'iDealers' in Delhi, Mumbai and Chennai. As this (BMW i8) is a sophisticated car that has extensive use of carbon fiber and other composite materials, with a delicate lithium ion battery, the sales and service staff would need to have special training to handle this high investment product. We would go for separate facilities for the hybrids in the outlets that would need some special investments from our principal dealers.
How many cars or products BMW plans to introduce in India?
Our bouquet is full for this year: we plan to bring 10 new cars for Indian customers. Most of these have hit the market and are giving good sales traction. We introduced the all-new 3 Series Gran Turismo in February with the M6 Gran Coupe hitting the market in April this year. The flagship SUV X5 came in May with the 7 Series ActiveHybrid debuting in July. The midsize SUV X3 was launched in August that has given a huge impetus to sales. We have lined up the BMW M5, M3 and M4 this year. The foray into the hybrid space comes with the i8 in January 2015 to be followed by the new MINI 3-door and the 5-door Countryman.
Do you intend to reclaim the status lost to segment leader Audi and Mercedes Benz?
Each company follows its cycle. We have a philosophy of sustainable profitable growth in India. We are not running after volumes, but are looking for complete consumer satisfaction. We have topped the sales satisfaction in the luxury vehicles segment and are ahead of our rivals in India, and are pushing for more ultra high-end models. Like we launched the all-new version of its M6 Gran Coupe to bring in the best experience of luxury motoring. Gradually, we want to be the most aspirational luxury car brand in India.
  The Competition Commission of India has fined BMW with Rs 20.41 crore with others for manipulating the spare parts market. How do you tackle this?
It is not correct to say that we sell our spare parts only through selected dealers. I believe India is a maturing market and we have answered the government and cleared the air. We have had a similar situation in the European Union a few years ago, where after much diligence, carmakers were given five years to prepare and structure their component sales in the open market. The entire car industry would find an appropriate answer to this issue and India already has a prudent supply system in the automotive market.
What is BMW's stand with regard to Uber, the cab service provider that has revolutionised the global market?
We have some cooperation with Uber. We have worked out a special programme with our MINI model and are open to many more such initiatives. BMW is not active in the worldwide taxi market as it does not fit into our luxury brand. We have limited application with top-end hotels and resorts.
How's your corporate social responsibility programme shaping up with the Magic Bus NGO?
We started the programme with Magic Bus in 2011, gradually expanding and benefiting 15,000 underprivileged children in the slums and villages of New Delhi, Chennai and Mumbai. Through Magic Bus, we want to steer children towards a life with better awareness, opportunities and skills. The aim is to help them complete a successful journey from 'Childhood to Livelihood'. We aim to play an active role in empowering underprivileged children to build a brighter future for themselves.
FEATURED ARTICLES

3 injured in bomb blastThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hudhud loses intensity  wind speeds down to 80-90kmph: IMDThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Texas worker tests positive for Ebola  U.S. airports start screeningThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

ED attach Dayanidhi Maranaspx?eid=31804&...    Cached
ED to attach Marans' Rs 742-cr ... the CBI has accused the Maran brothers of having received Rs 742 crore as quid pro quo after the then telecom minister Dayanidhi ...

Sunanda Pushkar death probesunanda...    Cached
Watch the video Major twist to Sunanda death probe on Finance India. Delhi Police is now probing role of three men who checked in a five star hotel on the night when ...

Satya Nadella commentwww.cbc.ca/...ceo-satya-nadella-
apologizes-for-comment-on...
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella apologized Thursday night and said he was wrong for saying that women don't need to ask for a raise and should just trust the system to ...

Sahara eyes hedge fund support for Roy s re...Hedge fund
(The two funds would become…)
LONDON: Sahara group is believed to be working on an over $ 1 billion debt refinancing deal with two American hedge funds for raising funds to secure release of its jailed chief Subrata Roy , a media report said today.
The two funds would become financiers for over $ 1 billion (Rs 6,000 crore) of debt against the group's three overseas hotels, including the iconic Grosvenor House in London and two hotels in New York (the Plaza and Dream Downtown), the Sunday Times reported.
The newspaper report said that the deal could have been struck last week itself after months of talks, but a Sahara group spokesperson told PTI in reply to queries in this regard that "all we can say in this matter is that the news is absolutely wrong."
"You can well understand our inability to comment on any issue pertaining to the deal of properties because of the operation of a Non Disclosure Agreement (NDA). Furthermore, you are definitely aware of the fact that how strictly NDA is followed and honoured, particularly in the overseas market," the spokesperson said in an emailed reply without elaborating further.
Roy was jailed in March amid a long-running dispute of Sahara group with the capital markets regulator SEBI (Securities and Exchange Board of India) over repayment of billions of dollars to investors who were sold certain bonds.
Sahara group, however, has maintained that it has repaid over 93 per cent of the investors.
Roy was earlier trying to sell the hotels from his makeshift office in India's largest prison but could not strike a deal within a Supreme Court deadline on the use of a Tihar Jail conference room for the purpose of the sale.
The American consortium was advised by the law firm Brown Rudnick and fronted by Johnny Sandelson, the property entrepreneur whose buy-to-let hotel company GuestInvest went bust during the financial crisis.
Roy was advised by the law firm Milbank. A source close to the US hedge funds told the paper that their aim was to take control of the hotels, adding, "Everyone's got wider ambitions".
Earlier this month, the Supreme Court declined to give an urgent hearing to the plea of jailed Sahara chief Roy seeking bail to attend the cremation and perform rituals relating to the death of his aunt.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CBI probe against IRDA  Reliance General Ins...You are here: Home > Collections > Irda
CBI starts probe against IRDA, Reliance General Insurance
PTI Oct 12, 2014, 09.24PM IST
Tags:
CBI
(The agency has named Reliance…)
NEW DELHI: CBI has started a probe into alleged undervaluation of penalty to the tune of nearly Rs 17,500 crore on Reliance General Insurance Company Limited by the officials of Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority(IRDA) in 2009.
The agency has named Reliance General Insurance Company in its inquiry and "unknown officials" of the Authority, CBI sources here said today.
"CBI has registered a preliminary enquiry against unknown officials of Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority and a private company on allegations that a penalty of Rs 20 lakh (approximately) was imposed on the said company instead of Rs 17,500 crore for 3.5 lakh instances of violations of IRDA guidelines," CBI spokesperson Kanchan Prasad said.
According to IRDA penalty order in 2009, the company had sold 3.5 lakh policies and each policy constituted a violation thereby making company liable for a penalty of Rs 17,500 crore. But only Rs 20 lakh of penalty was actually levied, it said.
The then Chairman J Hari Narayan who signed the order has already been quizzed, CBI sources said, adding that they are trying to understand if there was a mala fide or a quid pro quo in the order.
The allegations relate to Reliance Health Care policy which was sent to IRDA in 2005 for necessary clearances which was cleared in 2006.
A Reliance General Insurance spokesperson said the allegation that penalties of Rs 17,500 crore could have been imposed in this matter is baseless, unfounded and devoid of any legal foundation.
The total premium collected under the policies issued more than five years back was Rs 80 crore, against which claims of Rs 140 crore were paid, resulting in huge losses to RGCIL, the spokesperson said.
The penalty of Rs 20 lakh imposed was itself thus highly excessive and unwarranted, and the allegation that this represented a 'favour' to RGCIL is far-fetched and imaginary.
"We welcome any enquiry into the exercise of discretion by IRDA in this matter, which is identical to penalties imposed on all leading insurers in the country," the spokesperson said.
Narayan is reported having said that the insinuation that he had favoured RGICL was unfounded.
In 2006, IRDA revised guidelines or 'File and Use' specifying various other procedural and other requirements to be followed by the insurers. "These revised guidelines required the prior approval in case change in the name or any of the terms and conditions or an increase in the price of the product," the IRDA order had said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Swachh Baharat Abhiyan: PNB adopts 2 Varanas...'Ganga Mahal ghat'
( With an intent to take…)
VARANASI: With an intent to take forward Prime Minister Narendra Modi's resolve of a Swachh Baharat Abhiyan , the Punjab National Bank here has adopted two ghats to keep it clean throughout the year.
"The Punjab National Bank has adopted 'Rewa ghat' and another 'Ganga Mahal ghat' on the banks of the river Ganga here to keep it clean throughout the year along with its beautification and maintenance of the structures," said DGM (circle head), Vivek Jha here.
"We began our cleanliness drive from our office on October 2 here, a day of call of PM Modi of making Swachh Bharat (Clean India) and today we cleaned these two ghats on bank of the Ganga river. All our officers and employees participated in this movement today," Jha said.
Jha said It was a matter of privilege for the PNB of adopting the Rewa and Ganga Mahal ghat of this ancient city.
"We are further planning on the works relating to the maintenance of its structures, such as for its repairs, paintings and others, besides most importantly keeping the historical structures intact," Jha said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chennai teenager held for selling wild animals on the webUpdated: October 13, 2014 03:05 IST
Chennai teenager held for selling wild animals on the web
P. Oppili
Tweet
THE HINDU Star tortoises are in great demand as pets in the U.S., and are sold for as much as Rs. 15,000 each in the black market — Photo: Special Arrangement
According to officials of the State forest department, the teenager had been involved in online trade for the past three months.
Forest officials have arrested a 17-year-old resident of Kolathur on charges of indulging in the online sale of wild animals, including endangered species.
According to officials of the State forest department, the teenager had been involved in online trade for the past three months.
A field worker from TRAFFIC — a wildlife crime-prevention wing of the World Wide Fund for Nature–India (WWF-I) — trapped him after posing as an online customer interested in buying wild animals.
The youth agreed to supply him with 20 star tortoises and decided to meet him on Saturday morning to make the delivery. When he arrived at the designated place with 20 live tortoises, he was nabbed.
Shekhar Kumar Niraj, head of TRAFFIC, WWF-I, said it was shocking that the youth had been lured into illegal online trading.
The boy was handling exotic species of birds and reptiles. Star tortoises were in great demand as pets in the U.S., he said.
While star tortoises fetched close to Rs. 2,000 each in the local market, those smuggled abroad were sold for as much as Rs. 15,000 each, said Dr. Niraj.

Maharashtra polls: Forming single-party govt may be difficult for BJP(Unlike the Lok Sabha election,…)
By Ashok Panvalkar
Newspapers, magazines and TV channels have various estimates of the eventual tally in the contest among the BJP, Shiv Sena, Congress, NCP and MNS. The BJP is seen getting 95-150 out of 288 seats, while the other parties are expected to share the remainder equally. This indicates a BJP government will take over in the next few days. But are things so simple? No.
Unlike the Lok Sabha election, predictions are difficult because the parties are powerful in various regions. In the last assembly election, Congress dominated the Mumbai region with 17 seats, NCP got nine seats in the north of the state and 24 in the west. It got 10 in Konkan, while the Shiv Sena got nine there. Congress got 18 in Marathwada and 24 in Vidarbha. However, the winning chart this time could be drastically different.
Another big difference from last time is the absence of three key figures -- Bal Thackrey of Shiv Sena, Gopinath Munde of BJP and Vilasrao Deshmukh of Congress -- all of whom have died. With only NCP chief Sharad Pawar who can be considered a stalwart, all the parties are facing leadership crises.There is no single, overarching point of debate in this election. The north Maharashtra campaign is centered around onions, Mumbai and the region around it are talking of some form of separation from the rest of the state, while Maratha reservation is a key issue in Marathwada. Incidentally, although the Congress government took the initiative to introduce Maratha reservation, it's unlikely to get the benefit of it.
As for the hot topic of Vidarbha statehood, there's confusion. Some BJP leaders were strong advocates of this until recently while Shiv Sena was vehemently opposed to it. As the two parties have now separated, BJP was expected to use this plank to gain votes in Vidarbha. But it's dropped the demand from its manifesto. Modi wants Maharashtra to overtake Gujarat. But many people don't agree that Maharashtra is lagging behind.
During the Lok Sabha election, the Congress-NCP government failed to retain the support owing to irrigation scam, farmers' suicides, the Adarsh allotments and many other corruption issues. Those still remain. But forming a singleparty government could be difficult for BJP although rivals have failed to poke holes in its campaign. It remains to be seen whether the voter will end the confusion.
(Ashok Panvalkar is Editor, Maharashtra Times)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rare photos of Amitabh BachchanCelebrity
Rare photos of Amitabh Bachchan
More than four decades, and counting, and yet we're not tired of him. That speaks of the legacy of Amitabh Bachchan.
You might also like:
Unlike his 70th grand birthday celebration, Bollywood megastar Amitabh Bachchan preferred to have a quiet and private family get-together for his 71st birthday celebration last year.
1 / 30
Yahoo India Movies | Photo by Yogen Shah
Mon 14 Oct, 2013 7:30 AM IST

Indian pharma industry not as attractive for acquisitions as earlier  says Ajay PiramalUpdated: October 12, 2014 22:04 IST
Indian pharma industry not as attractive for acquisitions, says Ajay Piramal
Ramnath Subbu
business (general)
He was one of the original ‘takeover tycoons’ in India’s post-liberalisation era with an appetite for taking over pharmaceutical businesses. Ajay Piramal, Chairman of the Piramal Group, has since diversified his business interests, having sold his then flagship, Piramal Healthcare to Abbott for a whopping $3.7 billion in 2010. Mr. Piramal spoke to The Hindu on the industry, and his plans going forward. Edited excerpts:
The group has a presence across sectors in the Indian economy. What is the current scenario? Beyond green shoots are there more concrete signs of a recovery?
For the recovery to be seen in terms of numbers, it will take time. I can, however, see that the foundations are being laid for a recovery. The new government is trying to hasten the speed of decision-making which itself is very important. Second, there were many obstacles which were not allowing industry to grow. There was a sort of anti-industry view that was industry versus people. That is changing. Now, it is industry and people.That recognition is clearly there. Also, markets have clearly run ahead of everything else. But when they run ahead, promoters feel there is more access to funds which was not there in the last 2-3 years. Today, plans for investments are being made. Orders will take time to grow but I think it is in the right direction. In sum, decisions are being made quicker, there is a pro-industry view, there is talk of laws being amended in environment, land and labour, and markets are doing well. All this means there will be growth.
While things are looking better for the economy, how are they for the pharmaceutical industry in India? What are the issues confronting the Indian generic pharmaceutical industry? Do you regret getting out of generic pharmaceutical manufacturing?
In pharma, it is not happening yet. It falls in so many different buckets – Ministries of industries, health, chemical & fertilizers. For people to get a total view of pharmaceuticals, they have to take an integrated approach.
From the generic point of view, clearly we must get in an environment which looks upon the industry in a positive manner. Earlier, the generic industry was looked upon as strength for India. I do not see that happening anymore. It is always negative whether it is pricing or promotional practices. You have to turn the approach around to make it more positive. I do not have any regrets. We are pretty happy that we did what we did because subsequently we are seeing a lot of issues in the industry. I think we have gone into other industries where we see a lot of growth opportunities. There was a plan and thinking behind it, and things have moved in that direction.
You have become more like a private equity player after selling to Abbott, and identified certain sectors to grow. What are the plans ?
As we look at it, there are three really big parts to it.
One is the whole pharmaceutical space where we have a presence in critical care and make inhalation anaesthetic drugs. It is really a global market, and we are growing 20 per cent, manufacturing both in India and the U.S. although we may increase manufacturing in India a little. Sales may go up marginally by 1 per cent in India. Second is contract research and manufacturing services (CRAMS), which have been growing at 15-18 per cent where we manufacture for large and small global companies. Third is our over-the-counter (OTC) business in India at around Rs.250 crore and growing at around 25 per cent. Finally is our R&D wing in Germany, where we have tracers for early diagnosis of Alzheimer’s disease.
Second is our information and data company which in healthcare converts data into insight out of the U.S. As more and more data is available, people want to know how to use it. It is for the long term. We have invested around $650 million, and will grow it through acquisitions and organic growth.
The third is in financial services business, and we made a large investment in Sriram Group. It is not a private equity investment. We are increasing our loan book in NBFCs, and these two are going to grow in India. Funds will be required across sectors, and Shriram is into second-hand vehicle finance, SME, general insurance, life insurance, and as economy grows, financial services will also grow.
India REITs , is growing well. We are providing real estate funding , and find there is good growth. There is the new trend of REITs, where commercial properties and people can get a steady yield. I think our financial markets are quite advanced, and there will be a different set of investors of low returns but without risk.
All three businesses will get their importance but sometime in the future, we may have to separate it out and hive them off. In terms of cash and investment, obviously financial services will be the largest in terms of assets. In terms of turnover, healthcare will be large.
There has been increasing regulation of the industry by the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority on the price of drugs sold in India. Is it becoming more difficult for the pharma industry?
We are not in the domestic pharmaceutical industry although we are in the OTC space. From what I see, all these developments are not in the right direction. There is a one-sided view, and not enough dialogue between industry and the pricing authorities.
Earlier on, it was industry versus people and it is still continuing. You cannot kill Indian manufacturing in drugs. India was a strong manufacturing base for pharmaceuticals, and they must encourage that rather than kill it. If you make pricing unviable, then industry is not going to stay. Take the example of penicillin and all the anti-infective of which there is no manufacturing in India anymore because it has become so unviable and you are dependent on China. If you talk about ‘Make in India’, we must have a reasonable regime which allows free markets to operate.
So, where have the authorities gone wrong? What can be done to remedy the situation?
This was going on for a while that pricing has to be regulated, and that the scope of price control has to be enlarged but I think they have gone overboard. Also, in India, there is enough generic competition so you do not have to bring down the price of everything.
People have a choice, and if they do not want to pay as much for a branded drug, they can buy the generic version. But let people exercise the choice. Why should government come and bring down prices? This I do not understand. If it is a monopoly situation and life threatening, it may be justified but you cannot have it for the whole industry. You have to encourage growth in the industry otherwise people will not be attracted to remain in manufacturing.
Is the situation ripe for a consolidation? What about fears expressed in several quarters that the Indian pharmaceutical industry will be dominated by the multi-nationals?
I do not see too much consolidation taking place in the industry because unlike other industries, pharma is not capital-intensive and I am talking more about formulations. Secondly, if you bring down a lot of the pricing, it is not very attractive as a market leader anymore. Also, with a lot of negative news reports coming out in the open, I do not see foreign companies as interested in doing acquisitions in the domestic industry as they were earlier.
In bulk drugs though, there could be some consolidation because many companies had over-stretched and have gone through corporate debt restructuring (CDR) process and they were becoming NPAs with banks. I do not see global companies increasing their presence too much. Some marginal acquisitions could take place but India is not as attractive as it was earlier.
There is somehow negative news as far as how pharmaceutical regulation is taking place in India. One is clearly on the pricing that we are seeing. Secondly, there is this talk about Intellectual property (IP) and clinical trials. So, people do not think India will be a base for their R&D. Thirdly, there is the talk about coming down strongly on promotional practices. All these are getting bad press, and so, it is no longer as attractive so I do not see major transactions taking place.
With regard to multi-nationals dominating here, it cannot happen because look at the situation even today. The largest company has a 7 per cent market share, and there are so many players. It is a highly fragmented industry, and multi-national pharmaceutical companies have been in India for over 100 years and have not been able to make so much of a dent.
We have seen that even the level of R&D in the pharmaceutical sector has been moving out of India. Can the government take remedial steps to bring that back?
I do not think so. It will continue to move out of India. It is because the way approvals for clinical trials are being given or the way they are conducted, which reflects a lack of understanding about how clinical trials are run. Till recently, it was almost completely banned and clinical trials had stopped completely.
Now, they have relaxed some things but you cannot have that as clinical trials may take years, and there is a shortage of quality investigators. People approving clinical trials today do not have the expertise or the experience so they just put in conditions . I do not see much happening unless there is a major change in the outlook.
ramnathsubbu.r@thehindu.co.in

Rajan sees India better prepared for Fed raising interest ratesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Cabin comfort for US prez now made in IndiaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Fay strengthens to Category 1 hurricane in AtlanticThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

US-based Uber Inc under service tax dept scannerThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Second Ebola case in US caused by  breach in protocolThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Cyclone Hudhud: Evacuation pays off  casualties minimalcyclones
Armed forces and the National Disaster Response Force have dispatched teams for rescue and relief operations
The armed forces and the National Disaster Response Force have dispatched teams for rescue and relief operations in the cyclone-hit areas in Andhra Pradesh and Odisha.
Codenamed Operation Lehar, the rescue efforts of the armed forces will be led by the Navy. Sources in the Navy said even before the cyclone hit, warships INS Ranjit, INS Shivalik and INS Airawat and fleet tanker INS Shakti were readied with relief material for 5,000 personnel, to rescue people marooned at sea or in the several islands along the coast. Four other ships could also sail at short notice for relief operations, and two Dornier maritime recce aircraft and six helicopters were also ready for deployment, the sources said.
A P8-I long-range maritime reconnaissance aircraft is on standby for carrying out damage assessment once the cyclone passes and wind speeds reduce, a naval spokesperson said.
A total of 30 diving teams with Gemini craft loaded with relief material and 20 rescue teams fanned out to rescue people in flooded areas of Srikakulam, Anakapalle and areas surrounding Vishakhapatnam.
The Andhra sub area of the Army dispatched four teams, each equipped with relief material including some 300 lifejackets, to Vishakhapatnam and Tikli and Echerla areas in Srikakulam. A Disaster Management Cell has been set up at Army Air Defence College at Gopalpur at sea and 16 teams have been deployed to clear obstructions and open roads for transport of relief material and quick evacuation of casualties. The Army has also kept 25 teams and two engineer task forces on standby at Ranchi, Allahabad and Secunderabad.
The Air Force, on its part, kept an Il-76, a C-17 Globemaster and five An-32 transport aircraft ready at Chandigarh, Delhi, Jorhat and Agra for the relief work. Three Chetaks were on standby at Hakimpet, a Mi-8 helicopter was ready at Yelahanka and 10 Mi-17 medium-lift choppers remained on alert at Nagpur, Hyderabad, Kalaikunda, Suratgarh, Bagdogra and Barrackpore.
The Coast Guard scrambled up from Chennai, Vizag, Paradip, Haldia and Kolkata 17 ships, two air cushion vessels and 13 aircraft in Eastern and North-Eastern regions to augment the rescue efforts. In addition, it kept three rescue teams on standby at Vishakhapatnam, Kakinada and Gopalpur.
The contour and magnitude of the relief operations would be based on the damage assessment done by the State authorities in Odisha and Andhra Pradesh, said a defence communiqué.
In Delhi, the National Crisis Management Committee (NCMC) held a meeting on Sunday evening to review the ground situation after the landfall of cyclone Hudhud.
Chaired by Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth, the meeting discussed relief and rehabilitation operations. Over three lakh people have reportedly been affected by the storm and rains.
NDRF teams have evacuated nearly 13,000 people in both States.

Salman Khan identified by witnessSalman Khan Identified By Witness In Hit And Run Case
Recommend
Link
1 month 16 days ago, Lehren
Bollywood superstar Salman Khan who was charged for the hit and run case in 2002,has finally been identified by a witness for the first time.Check out this video to know more.
More on Lehren:

German govt sanctions Rs 320-cr project for ...Chamba
(Under the project, to be…)
SHIMLA: German government has sanctioned a Rs 320-crore project to study the eco-system, climate change and its impact and mitigation in Kangra, Palampur and Chamba areas of Himachal Pradesh .
Under the project, to be implemented in five years, a major task would be reclamation of cultivable land by weeding out Lantana grass and replacing it with green grass and broad- leaf trees to meet the requirement of fodder.
Experts from Germany would share their skills to study the eco-system and climate change, its impact on farming and ways to mitigate the adverse fallout.
Reclaiming the land by weeding out Lantana grass and make it suitable for agriculture would be major thrust of the project as it would be major relief to farmers as large tracts of land have been swallowed by fast growing Lantana grass and rendered unfit for cultivation.
These reclaimed land would be made fit for agriculture and fruit trees plants which provide food to wild animals would be planted to keep the animals in their natural habitat.
Due to growth of Lantana grass, which is also known as "Congress grass", farmers are not able to grow green fodder for their animals and are weaning away from animal husbandry activities as they are not able to afford green fodder brought from distant places.
Large tracts of lands in Chamba and Kangra districts are infested with Lantana grass and rendered "unfit not only for agriculture but even for growing green grass" and German techniques would be used for clearing these fertile lands from this grass.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cyclone Hudhud leaves trail of devastation; 6 killed in Andhra Pradesh  OdishaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

IMF quota reforms: Fund panel regrets US blockThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Centre  banks to discuss financing for power...Bank of India
(The central bank has this…)
MUMBAI: As deadlines near, leading banks, power firms and the government are anxious to find a quick solution for stalled power projects and the mountain of loans at stake. On October 17, finance ministry officials led by Financial Services Secretary Gurdial Singh Sandhu will meet top bankers to explore ways to get projects going and help banks avert a blow.
Banks take a hit if projects financed by them fail to generate cash flow after the announced date of completion. As various projects were stuck due to delays in land acquisition and environmental clearance, the Reserve Bank of India had given a two-year grace period during which banks do not take any loss on these loans. For some projects, the grace period will end in the next six months to a year.
According to a senior banker , there could be discussions on financing extra cost overruns, greater flexibility in financing existing projects and refinancing ventures at various stages of completion, besides the issue of fuel linkage following the cancellation of coal blocks by the Supreme Court .
Banks' exposure (as percentage of total non-food credit) to power has doubled from 4.3% in 2008. Indian lenders' outstanding to power generation and transmission projects (other than those led by state electricity boards) is around Rs 3 lakh crore. Around Rs 80,000 crore of loans to non-SEB companies have been restructured.
"While RBI has given banks some flexibility in infra financing, a few grey areas have to be sorted out. Also, issues like whether more than 10% cost overrun can be funded without considering it a restructured asset may also crop up... Unless these issues are addressed now, losses will start showing up on banks' books by the close of this financial year," said the credit head of one of the large banks.
The central bank has this year allowed existing as well new lenders to refinance an infrastructure project as long as 10% of the loan was repaid. Banks have been allowed to do this without classifying the loan as 'restructured asset' which boils down to higher provisioning. Earlier, such a transaction would have been construed as ever-greening of loan. Also, an existing consortium of banks now has the elbow room to refinance a borrower once the project is completed as long as at least one new bank joins the team of lenders to take over 25% of the exposure.
"Banks would like to have a clearer idea on whether such flexibility is applicable irrespective of the stage at which a project is. Developers have also been asking the ministry that they need to find a solution with bankers," said a banker. According to a study by Alvarez & Marshal, 80,000 mw of power projects — of which 20,000 mw are gas-based ventures — worth Rs 4,50,000 crore are on the block due to increasing debt burden.
Besides myriad problems that troubled infra projects, the banking regulator had reworked the lending rules because banks with few years of short-term funds financed long-gestation projects that took 20 years to repay loans. But even as RBI was addressing concerns stemming from a shallow corporate bond market — which has been the single source of infra finance in many countries — project developers ran into other hurdles, the latest being the apex court ruling.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cyclone Hudhud slows  downpour todayNEW DELHI, October 13, 2014
Updated: October 13, 2014 05:55 IST
Cyclone Hudhud slows, downpour today
Devesh K. Pandey
Tweet
Reuters A man struggles with an umbrella in strong winds and rain caused by Cyclone Hudhud at Gopalpur in Odisha’s Ganjam district on Sunday.
Reuters A man walks as strong winds blow along a beach at Gopalpur in Odisha’s Ganjam district on Sunday.
INFOGRAPHIC
forecast
IMD forecasts heavy downpour in several States
The India Meteorological Department (IMD) said in New Delhi on Sunday that Cyclone Hudhud that hit the Andhra coast at 150 kmph in the afternoon would slow down to 50 kmph by Monday morning. Several States will, however, receive heavy downpour as the storm turns into a depression in the morning.
The department issued a warning for districts in north Andhra Pradesh and south Odisha predicting extreme to very heavy rain in a few places. Rain would occur in Chhattisgarh, adjoining Telangana, certain parts of Madhya Pradesh, Jharkhand and Bihar.
The sea along and off the Andhra Pradesh and South Odisha coasts would swell and be rough during the next 12 hours. “A storm surge of 0.5 metre to 1 metre above the astronomical tide would inundate low-lying areas of Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam in north coastal Andhra Pradesh,” said a department release adding that the storm might damage crops and old structures and partially disrupt power supply and communication and transport systems.
All developments are being reported in real-time to the Prime Minister’s Office.
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh was constantly monitoring the ground situation.

Shami focused on death-bowling skillsTweet
0
India fast bowler Mohammed Shami has said he is working on improving his bowling skills in death overs, following his second four-wicket haul against West Indies, at the Ferozeshah Kotla on Saturday. Shami, who had taken 4 for 66 in the first game of the series, took 4 for 33 in 9.3 overs in the second ODI and his key wicket of Dwayne Smith triggered off a collapse in the West Indies innings, helping India to a 48-run win.
"I have always been ready to bowl at any kind of situation. Be it bowling with the new ball, or in between innings or at the death, I have always been ready to take up whatever responsibilities are given to me at a given situation," Shami told bcci.tv. "Being a fast bowler I understand that it is very important to own up to the new ball and towards the fag end of the innings."
Mohammed Shami: Game for the challenge. (AP Photo)
"I work hard at the nets to be ready for certain situations. During our practice sessions, we as bowlers mark certain areas to bowl at. While bowling at the practice sessions we keep shoes in front of the stumps and try to perfect our yorkers. It is something that really helps us to get the yorker right during the match and I believe we have been trying to get it right. I feel the yorkers are the most important thing for a bowler to have in his armoury if he has to get better while bowling at the death."
Bowling in the death overs has been one of India's weaknesses in the ODI format and Shami showed an ability to cope with the demands of the situation during the tour to England. In four ODIs, the bowler finished with eight wickets, the highest in the series, and said that he focused on finding reverse swing and bowling to his field in the last few overs.
"While bowling at the death you have to make sure that you bowl according to your field," he said. "If you bowl according to your field, then it gets tough for the batsmen to score runs off you. You have to keep in mind the fielding positions and the lengths you are going to bowl at.
"Also, reverse swing holds key. If a bowler gets good reverse swing then he can always put the batsmen in a spot of bother. It is not easy to pick the reverse swing and it is fun when you get your reverse swing right. I don't find it too difficult to bowl at the death because I know for a fact that the less mistakes I make the better it will be for me."
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Hedge fund option for Roy bailThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sebi asks market entities to stay cautious about funds linked to ISISThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Mutual funds invest R23K cr in bonds market in SeptemberThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Maharashtra Assemly polls: No post-poll tie-up with BJP  Sena  says Pawarstate politics
Says BJP’s victory in Lok Sabha polls was largely due to Shiv Sena
Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) president and former Union Agriculture Minister Sharad Pawar on Sunday said his party will not ally either with the Shiv Sena or the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) after the Maharashtra Assembly elections. Significantly, he praised Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray for his leadership skills.
“People had reservations about his [Uddhav’s] leadership qualities after the death of Balasaheb Thackeray [Sena founder]. But the way he has expanded and strengthened the party are commendable,” Mr. Pawar told a press conference here.
The NCP chief said the BJP’s victory in Maharashtra during the Lok Sabha elections was “largely because of the Sena.”
Mr. Pawar’s words come as surprise since during the Lok Sabha polls he had attacked Mr. Thackeray over his leadership qualities. He had then praised the Sena chief’s estranged cousin and president of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) Raj Thackeray, saying his significant support base could not be ignored. However, all MNS candidates lost their deposits in the general election.
Not to accept any post
Amid requests from his party leaders to lead Maharashtra once again after the Assembly polls, Mr. Pawar announced that he would no longer accept any position, either at the Centre or in the State.
“I will turn 75 in one year. I have decided to stop. The next generation must take up the responsibility from now on. I will only work as their guide,” said Mr. Pawar, who contested his first election in 1967.
Attacking Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Mr. Pawar said his actions were reducing the dignity of the PM’s post.
“Mr. Modi went to the U.S. as India’s PM and not as BJP leader. The BJP is using his U.S. speech for the election campaign. This is an utter misuse of power,” he said.
He criticised Doordarshan for the live telecast of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) chief Mohan Bhagwat’s speech on Dasara.
“The management said it had news value. But at the same time lakhs of followers of Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar had gathered in Nagpur for Dhamma Chakra Pravartan Din. This government didn’t find any news value in that event,” criticised Mr. Pawar.
Condemns NCP leader’s remark
Mr. Pawar condemned the controversial remark on rape made by Maharashtra’s former Home Minister and senior NCP leader R.R. Patil. At a campaign rally in Sangli on Friday, Mr. Patil said the rape-accused Opposition party candidate should have waited for the elections to end before committing rape.
“Such statements cannot be entertained. I will never support this,” he said.

Modi has uncaged the tiger  says British Columbia PremierUpdated: October 13, 2014 04:57 IST
Modi has uncaged the tiger, says British Columbia Premier
Sarabjit Pandher
— PHOTO: PTI British Columbia Premier Christy Clark calls on Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal in Chandigarh on Saturday.
TOPICS
India
The Premier of the Canadian province of British Columbia, Christy Clark, said here on Sunday that through various initiatives and promises, Prime Minister Narendra Modi seemed to have unleashed India which had been held back during the tenure of the previous government.
Ms. Clark was interacting with presspersons after a series of meetings with Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal, Deputy Chief Minister Sukhbir Singh and top Indian Oil Corporation officials. Accompanied by her Minister for Advanced Education, Amrik Virk, as part of the India Trade Mission, Ms. Clark led a delegation of representatives of 70 companies and post-secondary educational institutions.
“Mr. Modi has uncaged the tiger. He has promised more power to the States, where the governments can now take independent decisions that would ultimately trigger growth in the national economy. This is a major change in the mindset brought in by the new government, which struck me. We have seen this succeed in our country,” Ms. Clark said.
Sharing resources
Ms. Clark said the next decade belonged to India as “Mr. Modi has rolled out the red carpet to investment and innovation, while he wants to remove the red tape.”
While offering to share mineral as well as intellectual resources, she said her province would facilitate more investment and immigration from India. She said that British Columbia could also partner with India in providing clean technology, especially in the energy sector.
Referring to the $36-billion Petronas project in British Columbia, where the Indian Oil Corporation has invested $4 billion, Ms. Clark said, “This project of crucial importance will initiate business activity that will generate at least 1,00,000 jobs.”

After RBIs order  Uber faces service tax probeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Q2 earnings  inflation data to remain in focus: ExpertsQ2 earnings, inflation data to remain in focus: Experts
PTI Oct 12, 2014, 11.07AM IST
(Among major earnings this…)
NEW DELHI: Second quarter earnings from bluechip companies like RIL and TCS, inflation data and investment by overseas investors would dictate trading in the stock market in a holiday-shortened week ahead, say experts.
Besides, movement of rupee against the dollar and crude oil price will also influence trading at the bourses.
Stock markets will remain closed on Wednesday due to assembly elections in Maharashtra.
"Traders will be first reacting to the industrial production data, which was announced post market on Friday, followed by CPI data to be announced on October 13 and WPI data on October 14," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Industrial production growth remained subdued at five- month low of 0.4 per cent in August.
Factory output measured in terms of the Index of Industrial Production (IIP) growth remained slow in August mainly due to contraction in manufacturing output and lower offtake of consumer goods. The index had also grown at a meagre rate of 0.4 per cent in August, 2013.
With the beginning of the earnings season, participants will also be eyeing important result announcements, Manglik added.
Among major earnings this week are from bluechip firms such as Reliance Industries, Bajaj Auto, TCS, Hero MotoCorp, Axis Bank, HCL Technologies and UltraTech Cement.
"For this week, market may take cues from CPI numbers, to be declared on Monday and wholesale price index scheduled on Tuesday," said Vivek Gupta, CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
The BSE 30-share barometer Sensex ended the week at 26,297.38, a net fall of 270.61 points, or 1.02 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Funds via preferential shares at Rs 15 997 croreFunds via preferential shares at Rs 15,997 crore; lowest in 4 years
PTI Oct 12, 2014, 11.38AM IST
(A total of Rs 15,997 crore was mobilised through…)
MUMBAI: Fund raising by listed companies through preferential allotments to investors plunged to a four year low of Rs 15,997 crore in April-August period, latest data available with the market regulator showed.
Firms had raised twice as much funds (Rs 30,560 crore) through issuance of shares on preferential basis to their respective promoters and shareholders, during the April-August period in 2013-14.
A total of Rs 15,997 crore was mobilised through 223 preferential issues in the first five months, which is the lowest amount raised in this period since fiscal 2011-12.
Funds raised in the previous years were Rs 30,560 crore (2013-14), Rs 36,384 (2012-13) and Rs 19,377 crore (2011-12).
The reason why preferential allotments has been subdued is because there has been change in the new companies law, CNI Research CMD Kishor Ostwal said.
The law has been made stringent and lot of firms are still looking into and understanding various compliances required under the new Act, he added.
Under the new Companies Act, entities have to comply with various norms related to preferential issue of shares.
Among others, in case preferential shares are to be redeemed out of the company's profit, a sum equal to the amount of shares has to be transferred to a reserve called the Capital Redemption Reserve Account.
For August, companies garnered an amount of Rs 2,265 crore, an increase of 5 per cent from Rs 2,159 crore in the preceding month. The data with market regulator was available only till August.
In other months of the current fiscal, firms had raised Rs 3,160 crore in April, Rs 5,142 crore in May and Rs 3,271 crore in June.
During April-August, the maximum number (100) were listed on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). These issues on the exchange were worth Rs 2,650 crore.
Besides, 35 issues amounting to Rs 1,756 crore were listed on the BSE, while 88 issues totalling Rs 11,591 crore were listed both on the BSE as well as NSE.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top five companies lose Rs 42 519.88 crore in market valuationTop five companies lose Rs 42,519.88 crore in market valuation
PTI Oct 12, 2014, 03.32PM IST
Tags:
CIL
(While TCS, ITC, CIL, HDFC Bank…)
NEW DELHI: The market valuation of top-five Indian companies fell by Rs 42,519.88 crore last week, with IT major TCS taking the biggest hit.
While TCS, ITC , CIL, HDFC Bank and Sun Pharma saw losses in their valuation, ONGC, RIL , Infosys, SBI and ICICI Bank made gains.
The market capitalisation (m-cap) of TCS plunged by Rs 18,911.52 crore to Rs 5,24,772.61 crore.
ITC's m-cap tanked by Rs 8,691.94 crore to Rs 2,81,610.82 crore, while Sun Pharma lost Rs 8,626.15 crore to Rs 1,69,582 crore.
The valuation of CIL fell by Rs 6,000.55 crore to Rs 2,11,313.97 crore and HDFC Bank lost Rs 289.72 crore to Rs 2,09,309.66 crore.
On the other hand, RIL's value moved up by Rs 10,834.71 crore to Rs 3,10,584.25 crore, while that of ICICI Bank rose by Rs 3,673.42 crore to Rs 1,68,967.23 crore.
Infosys saw its m-cap climb Rs 2,397.43 crore to Rs 2,23,317.57 crore, SBI (Rs 2,112.8 crore to Rs 1,83,007.46 crore) and ONGC (Rs 1,582.77 crore to Rs 3,46,069.58 crore).
In the ramking of top-10 firms, TCS was at number one position followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, Infosys, CIL, HDFC Bank, SBI, Sun Pharma and ICICI Bank.
The BSE 30-share barometer Sensex ended the week at 26,297.38, a net fall of 270.61 points or 1.02 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US promises $212 million in new Gaza aidUpdated: October 12, 2014 17:31 IST
US promises $212 million in new Gaza aid
AP
AP U. S. Secretary of State John Kerry speaks in Cairo, Egypt during the Gaza Donor Conference on Sunday.
TOPICS
think tank
The United States promised $212 million in immediate assistance to the devastated Gaza Strip on Sunday yet urged Palestinians and Israelis to return to peace negotiations to break a cycle of violence that has yielded three wars in six years.
People in Gaza “need our help desperately not tomorrow, not next week, but they need it now,” U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said at an international donor conference. He said more than 20,000 homes need to be rebuilt and 100,000 people remain displaced with winter fast approaching.
The Palestinians are seeking $4 billion in aid from donors at a conference in Cairo to rebuild Gaza after this summer’s 50-day war between Hamas and Israel.
Mr. Kerry said the new U.S. money, which takes American aid to the Palestinians to more than $400 million this year, would go to security, economic development, food and medicine, shelter and water and sanitation projects.
Six months after the collapse of his Israeli-Palestinian mediation effort, the latest U.S. move at forging a Mideast peace accord, Mr. Kerry renewed his call for a return to negotiations.
Mr. Kerry praised Egypt for organizing the conference, Israel for pledging to facilitate greater Palestinian economic opportunities and the U.N. for creating a monitoring system so that aid to Gaza isn’t plundered by the militant group Hamas or used to threaten the Jewish state’s security.
But Mr. Kerry said a lasting solution needs to be found and that the world doesn’t want to see a return every two years or so to a war in Gaza, a cease-fire and another expensive reconstruction effort.
“A cease-fire is not peace,” he said. “And we’ve got to find a way to get back to the table and help people make tough choices.”

FIPB to take up 48 proposals on 21 OctThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Samsung shares could gain as much as 50%: Ba...Samsung shares could gain as much as 50 per cent: Barron's
By Reuters | 13 Oct, 2014, 03.21AM IST
0
Share More
The company is valued at 50 per cent of its annual sales based on its enterprise value - equity market value less net cash and investments. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Shares of Samsung Electronics appear cheap and could gain as much as 50 per cent, Barron's financial newspaper said in its latest edition.
Samsung's stock has fallen 19 per cent this year due to plunging profits in its mobile phone business and it hit a 52-week low on Friday after a warning about its third-quarter profit earlier in the week.
But there appears to be little downside to owning a piece of the world's largest maker of handsets, as its memory chip business could generate an operating profit of $10 billion next year, compared with $8 billion this year, Barron's said in its Oct 13 issue. Net cash and investments now equal 40 per cent of Samsung's market value, it added.
The company is valued at 50 per cent of its annual sales based on its enterprise value - equity market value less net cash and investments. Apple Inc, by comparison, is valued at 2.5 times its sales, the newspaper said.
"The Samsung story may require some investor patience. Yet the shares look promising, given the company's leading brand, fortress-like balance sheet, still-ample earnings, and a controlling family that sooner or later will align itself with outside shareholders," Barron's said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Amazon & Future Group ink deal to sell goods...Amazon and Future Group ink deal to sell goods online; starting with apparel
Sagar Malviya, ET Bureau Oct 13, 2014, 07.19AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(Both firms will also develop…)
MUMBAI: The world's largest online store Amazon and India's largest listed retailer Future Group have signed a deal to jointly sell goods over the Internet amid growing friction between online and offline retailers over heavy discounting.
Future Group will sell more than 45 own labels of apparel initially, followed by in-house brands in the home, electronics and food categories, while the US-headquartered company will handle order fulfillment and customer service for the merchandise on its portal. Both firms will also develop a new line of products across categories to be exclusively sold at Amazon and Future Group's retail stores. ET was the first to report, on October 3, that Amazon founder Jeff Bezos and Future Group's Kishore Biyani met in New Delhi to discuss an alliance.
"The deal is deeper than just transactional involvement with Amazon. We are exploring several synergies in data sharing, co-branding, crosspromotion and distribution network sharing through the partnership," confirmed Biyani, who has been quite vocal on whether ecommerce firms' deep discounting strategy makes business sense, suggesting that offering cheaper prices wouldn't help in the long run. "We are targeting gross merchandise sales of Rs 6,000 crore in next 3 years through the alliance," he added. The deal comes soon after Flipkart's Billion Day Sale on October 6 led to protests by traditional retailers that they were being hurt by the alleged predatory pricing.
The complaints by traditional retailers led to the government saying it would examine the policy on ecommerce. Following this, Amazon's October 10-16 Diwali Dhamaka Week has been a subdued affair with sharp discounts restricted to stock clearances and products only being sold on the site. Under the deal, Amazon and Future will also jointly develop discounting strategy and price tags on their products won't be very different from rates at stores so that both channels don't end up cannibalising each other.
In its home market, Amazon had similar alliances with retailers such as Target Corp and Toys R Us in the past decade though both soured over time once the online seller gained scale and attracted other large brands.
Following the India deal, Future Group's four dozen own brands such as Lee Cooper, John Miller and Indigo Nation will be taken off from other online marketplaces where they are currently being sold.
Amazon's agreement in India also indicates its aggressive intent to spread itself across many product areas quickly in India — especially foods — a relatively niche category for online retail, which it has only recently entered. In July, the US company announced it would invest $2 billion in India operations that exceeded gross merchandise sales of more than $1 billion within a year of its launch. It completed a year in June this year.
Meanwhile, it was reported recently that Amazon plans to open its first brick-and-mortar store in New York .
The company's main rivals in India are Bangalore-based Flipkart and Snapdeal, the latter a Delhi-based company that counts eBay , Azim Premji and Ratan Tata as investors.
Together, they have sold goods worth more than $4 billion, with Flipkart alone estimated to have crossed $2 billion. The battle is set to intensify. According to a report by consulting firm Technopak, the $2.3-billion e-tailing market is expected to swell to $32 billion by 2020 and account for 3% of the total Indian retail sector.
In the offline retail market, just three companies — Aditya Birla's Madura Garments, Arvind Brands and Future Group — either own or sell more than two dozen brands each, thus becoming the preferred options for any online player looking to partner retailers.
The move holds benefits for both sides, but there are pitfalls as well.
"The upside is Amazon getting instant product diversity and capability while Future Group can explore a new channel for sales," said Devangshu Dutta, chief executive at retail consultancy Third Eyesight. "However, if the business is not aligned in terms of orientation and customer service, then it could create issues going forward, especially when one of the biggest barriers for online sale is inconsistency of products." Future Group has more than 75 own brands that earn it at least 15% higher margins on average compared with national brands, which is why Biyani is bullish on private labels across categories. The tie-up means Future Group's brands that now have a presence in 98 cities and towns will be marketed to 19,000 PIN codes serviced by Amazon across India.
Industry insiders also said the Indian retailer's move reflects a bid to expand into new distribution channels such as ecommerce in the search for growth. Last month, Snapdeal agreed to create Croma's Flagship Store on its ecommerce portal to sell electronics items including mobiles, tablets and laptops.
The $3-billion Future Group, on its part, has opted for SAP's Hybris OmniCommerce solutions and plans to invest nearly Rs 100 crore to beef up its ecommerce venture. It is targeting about 20% of revenue from online sales over the next 18 months. By 2020, the aim is even higher — at 40% of its sales through ecommerce or virtual platforms.
FEATURED ARTICLES

3G auction: DoT to seek TRAI suggestion on r...Airtel
(The government has a target…)
NEW DELHI: The department of telecommunications (DoT) is set to shortly ask the sector regulator to recommend a reserve price for third-generation spectrum that it wants to auction in February, though it has yet to reach an agreement with the defence ministry to free up the same frequencies for civilian use. Two DoT officials confirmed the plan to ET and said negotiations were still under way with the defence ministry to swap the 3G airwaves with another band of spectrum held by DoT.
"No, there hasn't been a breakthrough," one of the officials said. "However, we decided to get a reserve price so that if the deadlock does get resolved any time before the auctions begin, we can immediately put the 3G blocks up for sale."
The government has a target to generate some Rs. 15,000 crore from the upcoming auctions scheduled to begin in the first week of February, with a third of that to come from the sale of pricier 3G airwaves in the 2100 MHz band, used to offer high-speed broadband services.
India's top carriers such as Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India had urged DoT to auction 3G bandwidth to enable expansion of data services where demand is surging with increasing smartphone usage. Operators also say making more 3G spectrum available to them will help achieve the government's aim to have 600 million broadband users by 2020.
The telecom regulator is currently working on setting the prices of airwaves in the 900 MHz and 1800 MHz bands for the February auction. The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India is expected to come up with the reserve price for these two bands by the end of this month. As reported earlier by this paper, the DoT and the defence ministry are in a stalemate over swapping 15 MHz of 3G spectrum, currently in possession of the defence ministry, with an equal chunk of 1,900 MHz band that the communications and IT ministry owns. DoT has yet to notify the defence band zone, setting aside the frequency bands that couldn't be used by anyone else, has soured matters.
If the 2010 3G auctions were taken as a guide, the government's inability to auction the 3G airwaves could mean a potential loss to the exchequer of Rs. 50,000 crore, according to estimates by analysts. A third of this would have come in this fiscal year ending March 31, 2015. In 2010, the sale of 3G bandwidth, 15 MHz in 17 circles and 20 MHz in five regions, had raised nearly Rs. 51,000 crore.
GSM operators, including Bharti Airtel, Vodafone India and Idea Cellular, had also urged the government for "partial allotment of 3G airwaves in the 2100 MHz band" immediately, if the telecom department is unable to thrash out a spectrum-swap deal with the armed forces.
 
"Partial allotment will enable mixed use of 3G spectrum by reserving such bandwidth for defence in some geographies and putting it to commercial use elsewhere," the Cellular Operators Association of India, the lobby body representing GSM operators, had said in a letter in late June, underlining the desperation for 3G airwaves. According to it, the defence forces use the frequencies only in a few areas.
In February, DoT is scheduled to auction 184 MHz of spectrum in the 900 MHz band currently held by Idea Cellular, Vodafone, Reliance Communications and Bharti Airtel, as their permits to use the bandwidth will expire in November 2015. It also plans to sell 104 MHz in the 1800 MHz band. The final schedule will be firmed up after processing the regulator's recommendations on floor prices.
FEATURED ARTICLES

TPG to buy Janalakshmi stake for Rs 610 croreTPG Capital to buy Janalakshmi Financial Services Ltd minority stake for Rs 610 crore
Baiju Kalesh & Shilpy Sinha, ET Bureau Oct 13, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Andhra Pradesh
(“The valuation exercise…)
MUMBAI: American private equity fund TPG Capital will purchase a minority stake in microfinance institution Janalakshmi Financial Services Ltd, promoted by former Citigroup Inc banker Ramesh Ramanathan, for Rs 610 crore, two people with direct knowledge of the plan said, signalling renewed interest in the sector by foreign investors after a three-year slump.
"The valuation exercise and the exact stake which will be owned by TPG will be finalised soon," one of the two persons said. "Janalakshmi is doubling its loan book every two years and is urban-focused unlike other MFIs which are rural-based." TPG officials declined comment. Janalakshmi MD and CEO VS Radhakrishnan said, "We are not in a position to respond."
TPG Capital has been investing in Indian financial services companies for the past decade. The PE fund made a sevenfold return from its stake in Shriram Transport Finance in 2013 and is an investor in Shriram Capital and Shriram City Union Finance.
Bangalore-based Janalakshmi was one of the 26 entities that applied to the Reserve Bank of India last year for a banking licence but it was not given one. Bandhan Financial Services, another microfinance institution, has got a licence to set up a bank. Meanwhile, RBI is working on the guidelines of differential banking licences or small banks.
Some consultants say this is the next step for microfinance institutions. "MFIs believe that the next logical extension is to a small bank," said Shashwat Sharma, partner at KPMG. "This has caught the imagination of large PE firms and MFIs are going back to the drawing board."
Janalakshmi had assets of Rs 2,510 crore and reserves of Rs 408 crore at the end of fiscal 2014. It reported a profit of Rs 50 crore in the fiscal.
The MFI has received a steady stream of investments from both local and overseas investors. In August 2013, it raised Rs 325 crore from Morgan Stanley Private Equity Asia, Tata Capital Growth Fund, QRG Enterprises (the holding company of Havells India) and Citi Venture Capital. Private equity investors invested $168 million in this sector in FY13, according to data released by M-FIN, a lobby group for the sector.
Janalakshmi raised Rs 325 crore last year. At the time, Radhakrishnan said, "This investment will help us continue in our path of growth and innovation, as we continue to focus on building stronger customer relationships with a full suite of financial products and new technology like Aadhaar-based, front-end terminals."
Turmoil hit the MFI segment in October 2010 when Andhra Pradesh , its biggest market, decided to crack down on the sector following reports of suicides by borrowers over coercive recovery tactics. The tough stand hit MFI business in the state, which accounts for a third of MFI dues in the country.
Due to this uncertainty, banks then stopped lending to the sector, creating a crisis. The MFI Bill 2012 had proposed to make the Reserve Bank of India the regulator of the sector with little role for state governments to play. The bill, which lapsed early this year, is being reworked by the new government.
In August 2012, RBI imposed a margin cap of 10-12%, depending on the size of the MFI. Subsequent to this, large ones can charge 22% while smaller ones can charge 24%, if the interest charged by lending bank is 10%.
Before the regulations were put in place, MFIs were charging as high as 40%.
"With the stability in regulation, it is becoming an exciting space for investment," said Rajiv Suneja, partner at EY. "Microfinance institutions on a stable basis can deliver returns upwards of 20%."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Research shows immense gender-pay gap in Indian IT sectorThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Karnataka offers Amazon a month for tax callAmazon
(Until then, the Commercial…)
BANGALORE: Karnataka has offered the Seattle-based ecommerce giant Amazon one month's time to explore and come up with options by which they could comply with the state VAT laws.
Until then, the Commercial Taxes department has agreed not to act against individual dealers who have business partnership with Amazon. The development has come as a breather to both Amazon, and dealers, and it is still too early to say whether a mutually acceptable solution is possible soon.
"We are trying to arrive at a common ground, and have told Amazon to suggest options. We have also told them that we cannot allow the present uncertainty to linger for long," ISN Prasad, principal secretary, finance department, Karnataka, told ET. "Once a solution is found, we can propose necessary changes in the VAT law or in the rules keeping the specific needs of the ecommerce businesses in mind," he added.
In response to an ET query, Amazon said: "We are awaiting a resolution and will extend full cooperation to the government to arrive at a solution."
Amazon, which opened its modern warehouse in Hoskote taluk of Bangalore Rural district in January, could partner with barely 50 dealers/merchants as its "fulfillment model" ran afoul with Karnataka tax authorities. Under this model, the dealers register the Amazon warehouse as their additional place of business (APOB), also called branch, with VAT authorities. The Commercial Taxes department accepted this initially, but later questioned the business model. The local VAT offices (LVOs) soon issued notices asking dealers why their branch certificates be not cancelled.
"The Commissioner of Commercial Taxes has verbally asked local VAT offices not to cancel the certificates immediately, and instead offer one more month's time to dealers to give their replies," an official said.
A person tracking the developments confirmed that the VAT authorities have not issued any further notices or cancelled branch certificates.
The American behemoth with $74.5 billion in global revenues last year has conveyed to the Finance department that it is unable to issue VAT invoice to buyers or remit taxes on dealers' behalf as any such activity would be construed as engaging in retail trade, and violate FDI regulations in India. It cannot register itself as "commission agent" with the tax authorities for the same reason, it said. The Finance department, however, has lobbed the issue onto Amazon's court to explore solutions.
The affected dealers, meanwhile, are unhappy at the stalemate, and some have already moved their stock from the warehouse though they continue selling on Amazon. Others have stopped selling online altogether because of the problem.
of the additional services like warehousing and packaging offered by Amazon," said a dealer , whose branch certificate has been cancelled.
The Bangalore-based dealer, whose firm has an annual turnover of under Rs. 5 crore, was expecting online to account for almost 40 per cent of his revenue this fiscal. "If the problem continues Amazon can move its warehouse to Tamil Nadu or some other state. Then merchants will suffer and Karnataka will not get these taxes anyway," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Reliance Industries likely to report flat growth in Q2 net profit  predict analystsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rare photos of RekhaRekha: The diva
There is something about Rekha that makes her special. A look
She gives the word diva a whole new meaning. As she turns a year older, we take a look at what makes her a mystery.
1 / 21

Rules for 25% public holding in listed PSUsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

First time in 38 years! RIL launches internal constitution to adopt GeNext practicesYou are here: Home > Collections > Ril
First time in 38 years! RIL launches internal constitution RMS to adopt next generation practices
Baiju Kalesh & Sabarinath M, ET Bureau Oct 13, 2014, 07.55AM IST
Tags:
David Oxley
(RIL unveiled the new framework…)
MUMBAI: Reliance Industries (RIL) has formally launched an internal constitution known as Reliance Management Services (RMS) to define processes and policies for the first time in its 38-year-old history as India's largest private sector company looks to embrace next generation practices.
RIL unveiled the new framework before 150 top executives at a function held at Chairman Mukesh Ambani's South Mumbai home Antilla on October 6. As part of RMS, the company also unveiled a series of human resource initiatives including steps to promote the wellness of employees and simplify policies.
A Reliance spokesperson confirmed the launch of RMS but declined to provide details. The sevenhour function saw David Oxley , BP's senior vice-president who oversees an HR transformation programme at RIL, setting the tone by posing questions to Ambani on the reasons for initiating change.
"Oxley asked simple and quick questions. Mukesh Ambani presented his views," said a person who is aware of the development. BP has a stake in RIL's hydrocarbon blocks.
The new system clearly defines the critical policies, processes and execution measures for segments ranging from topics such as HR management to risk management.
RMS clearly spells out what needs to be done within a specified time. For instance, the new framework provides guidelines on the delegation of authority and clearly explains how it should percolate from top to bottom. Similarly, it also explains the processes to detect risks easily and quickly.
The launch of management system RMS will accelerate the pace at which contemporary HR practices are put in place.
Apart from implementing a five-day week last year, RIL has set in motion a series of fresh HR initiatives. Prabir Jha, who joined from the Tatas to head RIL's human resources function, is spearheading the new initiatives.
These changes are meant to simplify policies, encourage education, promote wellness of employees and reward talent at various levels. The new changes, among other things, include discontinuation of service bonds and extension of maternity leave for six months.
RMS, which was conceptualised out of the learnings from the business transformation initiative launched in 2011, will reshape RIL's practices at various levels and inform decision-making from top to bottom, sources said.
"Interestingly, the genesis of this transformation is rooted in a deep spirit of entrepreneurship ," said Sangeeta Singh, partner, HR consultancy firm Sanguine Consultants and former partner (HR) at KPMG. "So professionals within are innovating with processes, systems, technology, ideas. It is an invigorating time for the younger professionals as they see senior leadership talent being brought in and new ideas being seeded as they watch."
Executive committee members such as PMS Prasad, Alok Agarwal, Nikhil and Hetal Meswani and LV Merchant also spoke on the transformation at RIL at the meeting. Ambani summarised the essence of RMS in his concluding remarks.
Historically, RIL was perceived to be managed by the top 100 people as its founder Dhirubhai Ambani nurtured the practice of creating loyal leaders good at executing mammoth projects.
As technology redefined management practices and the attitudes and needs of the younger generation changed, current chairman Mukesh Ambani set the ball rolling for a business transformation initiative. "What got us here will not take us to where we want to be in the future," Ambani was cited as saying.
Ambani also believes that the average life of the top 100 corporations in the Standard & Poor's list is 30 years and RIL needs to re-invent itself in a rapidly changing world.
India's third-most valuable company is making huge investments in consumer-facing sectors such as telecom and retail. The company is planning an investment of $11.7 billion in the telecom business and going for massive expansion of its retail business.
The formal launch of Reliance Management Services is aimed at institutionalising systems and processes as RIL embarks on expansion and diversification while adding more young people to its employee profile.
"This level of change will have a significantly positive impact on employee morale, buy-in of the larger organisational vision, individual productivity and most of all, a sense of belonging with the company," said Singh of Sanguine Consultants.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maha polls: Forming single-party govt may be difficult for BJP | View: Harsh Goenka(Unlike the Lok Sabha election,…)
By Ashok Panvalkar
Newspapers, magazines and TV channels have various estimates of the eventual tally in the contest among the BJP, Shiv Sena, Congress, NCP and MNS. The BJP is seen getting 95-150 out of 288 seats, while the other parties are expected to share the remainder equally. This indicates a BJP government will take over in the next few days. But are things so simple? No.
Unlike the Lok Sabha election, predictions are difficult because the parties are powerful in various regions. In the last assembly election, Congress dominated the Mumbai region with 17 seats, NCP got nine seats in the north of the state and 24 in the west. It got 10 in Konkan, while the Shiv Sena got nine there. Congress got 18 in Marathwada and 24 in Vidarbha. However, the winning chart this time could be drastically different.
Another big difference from last time is the absence of three key figures -- Bal Thackrey of Shiv Sena, Gopinath Munde of BJP and Vilasrao Deshmukh of Congress -- all of whom have died. With only NCP chief Sharad Pawar who can be considered a stalwart, all the parties are facing leadership crises.There is no single, overarching point of debate in this election. The north Maharashtra campaign is centered around onions, Mumbai and the region around it are talking of some form of separation from the rest of the state, while Maratha reservation is a key issue in Marathwada. Incidentally, although the Congress government took the initiative to introduce Maratha reservation, it's unlikely to get the benefit of it.
As for the hot topic of Vidarbha statehood, there's confusion. Some BJP leaders were strong advocates of this until recently while Shiv Sena was vehemently opposed to it. As the two parties have now separated, BJP was expected to use this plank to gain votes in Vidarbha. But it's dropped the demand from its manifesto. Modi wants Maharashtra to overtake Gujarat. But many people don't agree that Maharashtra is lagging behind.
During the Lok Sabha election, the Congress-NCP government failed to retain the support owing to irrigation scam, farmers' suicides, the Adarsh allotments and many other corruption issues. Those still remain. But forming a singleparty government could be difficult for BJP although rivals have failed to poke holes in its campaign. It remains to be seen whether the voter will end the confusion.
(Ashok Panvalkar is Editor, Maharashtra Times)
FEATURED ARTICLES

FDI to help medical devices businessThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Fashion portals rope in film stars to launch...Fashion portals like Myntra, Jabong rope in film stars to launch exclusive lines
Tasmayee Laha Roy, ET Bureau Oct 13, 2014, 06.13AM IST
Tags:
Alia Bhatt
(Jabong officials said the…)
KOLKATA: Online fashion retailers such as Jabong and Myntra are increasingly tying up with Bollywood celebrities to launch exclusive lines in a bid to attract more young consumers to shop for their garments on the internet.
While Alia Bhatt has tied up with Jabong for her line 'Alia Bhatt for Jabong', Myntra — which launched Hrithik Roshan's label HRX last year — now stocks Mandira Bedi's sari collections as well as the Vero Moda Marquee, a limited edition collection designed by director Karan Johar in a tie-up with the European high-street fashion brand for women. Snapdeal has Shilpa Shetty Kundra's jewellery line Satyug Gold.
"Bollywood celebrities have always been considered as style icons and served as a muse for the high priests of fashion and most of these celebrities have a huge fan-following online. The same people who fall in the age group of 15-35 are also the ones who shop online. Thus to marry Bollywood and fashion online ensures success of the idea," said Praveen Sinha, founder and MD at Jabong.
Jabong officials said the site's user base has shot up by 50,000 within a week of the launch of Alia Bhatt for Jabong this month. With ripped jeans, leather jackets and floral patterns, the collection makes a direct connect with Bhatt's wardrobe in her popular films such as 'Student of the Year' and '2 States'. "Online shopping is the new rage...so this, according to me, was the best platform to launch my designs," Bhatt said.
Myntra has launched Farhan Akhtar's Mard collection and Salman Khan's Being Human, besides HRX. Roshan's HRX has this month launched a range of active and women's wear. "People love to dress up like their favourite stars and these initiatives have taken fans a step closer to their stars.
Hrithik, for example, has been involved in every step of designing the outfits under his label," said Ganesh Subramanian, COO at Myntra. He said Myntra plans to launch own labels of 4-5 leading Bollywood celebrities early next year. Karan Johar's limited edition 'Vero Moda Marquee' collection, launched at the Myntra fashion week early this month, has proved a big hit.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM seeks to revive "zombie factories"  not a...You are here: Home > Collections > Companies
PM Narendra Modi seeks to revive "zombie factories", not abandon them
ET Bureau Oct 13, 2014, 06.09AM IST
Tags:
"zombie" enterprises
(The govt has set up a committee…)
KANPUR: At British India Corporation's textile factory, four men sit in a control room watching computerised gauges eight hours a day. When they are done, another group takes over, and then another, for 24 hours a day - much as they might at any major industrial plant.
The problem is, nothing is produced there.
The strange tale of British India Corporation is an example of how political patronage and strict labour laws keep publicly owned companies going long after they are insolvent.
Now Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who campaigned in this year's general election on a promise of "minimum government, maximum governance", is preparing to invest more taxpayer money in ailing state-owned factories in a bid to turn them around.
While the government has announced the closure of six publicly owned companies, Minister for Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises Anand Geete said last month that about two-thirds of 64 loss-making firms can be revived with more money.
The government has set up a committee to examine ways sick public companies can be resuscitated, including using cash reserves from profit-earning state firms to provide lifelines to the loss-making ones, according to officials.
The committee will report its findings in two months.
The moves have disappointed those who want Modi to force through economic reforms, however painful. He might reply that past success in reviving "zombie" enterprises as chief minister of Gujarat state gives him the right to try on a national level.
"I am shocked they are considering putting more money in," said Mohan Guruswamy, chairman of the Centre for Policy Alternatives and a former official in the finance ministry.
"The litmus test of whether Modi is a reformer is what he does with these companies, not what he does on allowing more foreign investment. Unfortunately, it looks like he will avoid taking unpopular decisions."
  Since winning first parliamentary majority in three decades in May, Modi has not been as ambitious as his supporters would like in introducing policies many say are needed to revive an economy growing at its slowest rate in nearly a decade.
So far, there has been little movement to roll back the previous government's subsidy programmes or repeal a law allowing retroactive taxation that has alarmed global investors.
"POSSIBLY THE WORST COMPANY IN THE WORLD"
In theory, British India Corporation sells army uniforms, rugs, blankets and tweed jackets, but it stopped manufacturing nine years ago after finishing its last order. Since then, the company, based in Kanpur, has lost about $50 million.
British India Corporation employs about 1,800 people. All the employees come to work, everyone gets paid, earns a bonus, there are overtime shifts, promotions and job changes.
There are bungalows for the managers, flats for workers, a hospital, schools and a subsidised shop. The gardeners, engineers and painters keep the grass trimmed, the machines in working order, and signs freshly painted.
"This could easily be the worst-run company in India, maybe the world," said Satyendra Nath, 58, head of the tax department, who spends his days reading the newspaper or watching television because there is no work to do. "Often, I think: what have I done in a previous life to end up working here?"
Government puts key industries in the hands of state-run monopolies in the years after independence in 1947, borrowing from Soviet thinking that late-industrialising countries needed to use state intervention to transform their economies.
A quarter of the country's 277 state-run firms, which produce everything from condoms to scooters, have lost about $16 billion over the last decade, according to government records.
At least 20 loss-making companies owned by the central government have stopped production or have almost no activity yet still pay staff full salaries, according to an official at the Board for Financial and Industrial Reconstruction, the agency charged with expediting restructuring or liquidation.
  Ministers are reluctant to close these zombie companies because it will lead to job losses, which in turn could cost them votes.
Labour laws, which the World Bank says are the most restrictive anywhere, also make it hard to sack staff for any reason other than criminal misconduct. So it can take decades for a severance package to be agreed.
Modi may adopt a plan for the loss-making state companies he used in Gujarat, where he was chief minister.
By giving boards more independence from ministers and using cash injections from the government, Modi was able to turn 20 publicly owned companies into profit in his 13 years as leader of the state.

AIIMS report nails Delhi police in Sunanda probeEYE BROWSE
AIIMS report blames police for not providing key evidence in Sunanda probe
The medical board also pointed out that police had not disclosed whether Pushkar had sought "any medical consultation during hotel stay prior to her death" or provided a statement from the doctor who attended to Pushkar after death.
Mail Today –  Sat 11 Oct, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: It's a mystery that refuses to go away. The medical board constituted by the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) to examine the death of Sunanda Pushkar, the wife of former Union minister Shashi Tharoor, has been critical of Delhi Police for not furnishing essential evidence and documents needed for experts to form an opinion.
A report submitted to the police by the three-member medical board on September 27 concluded that the cause of death was "poisoning" but pulled up the investigating officer for not submitting "circumstantial evidences (sic) and statements" about the reason for physical injuries on Pushkar's body.
The report said this information was not provided despite a letter seeking the same.
Making no bones
The Delhi Police on Friday took refuge with the oldest trick of all. Answering reporters, Commissioner B.S. Bassi said that the police "still do not have a conclusive forensic report", and that the "inquest is pending".
The AIIMS report didn't mince any words. "Duration of injuries has been opined already. However, the reason of these physical injuries, circumstantial evidences and statements have not been submitted by IO (Investigating Officer) despite a letter dated 4th April 2014 and the same is required for any further possible medical comments," the report stated.
The board said several medico-legal points need to be addressed by the Investigating Officer "since the circumstantial information are essential for medical opinion". The information not provided by the Investigating Officer include "photographs of scene of occurrence", statements and other circumstantial evidence and information on who prescribed the drugs present in the hotel room where Pushkar was found dead on January 17.
The report said: "There were medicines recovered from scene of incidence i.e. hotel room in which the deceased was found dead. Who prescribed these drugs, from where these drugs were procured and for whom these drugs were prescribed?"
It added: "IO is advised to enquire whether any close relative of the deceased has been prescribed Alprax." The medicine, used to treat anxiety and panic attacks, was found in Pushkar's room. The medical board hinted that Delhi Police had displayed laxity in its probe as none of the treatment documents of Pushkar mentioned Alprax.
The medical board also pointed out that police had not disclosed whether Pushkar had sought "any medical consultation during hotel stay prior to her death" or provided a statement from the doctor who attended to Pushkar after death.
Doubts
The board further stated that an email sent by Dr Anil Gupta of Cooper Health Clinic in Dubai after Pushkar's death "requires investigation to establish… speculation about the disease and cause of death". The bedsheet and mattress on which Pushkar was found too requires forensic analysis, the report said.
Clearly noting that the "cause of death in this case is poisoning", the report said, "Medical board reserved the comment on specific poison/chemical since there is a lot of limitation on viscera report."
The report added: "Mild foul smelling gas was coming out and tache noir was present in left eye. It should be clarified that when was the deceased last seen alive." Tache noir is one of the important changes seen in the eye after death. If the eyes remain open after death, the areas of the sclera exposed to air dry out, which results in first a yellowish and then a brownish-blackish band-like discoloration zone called tache noir, the board said.
The fresh report from the board also negated the autoimmune disease Pushkar was said to be afflicted with. Earlier it was reported that Pushkar was suspected to be suffering from systemic lupus erythematosus - a systemic autoimmune or connective tissue disease - that can affect any part of the body.
Tharoor on Friday declined to comment on the fresh report by the doctors from AIIMS. The Congress MP and former Minister of State for Human Resource Development, who was chief guest at the graduation day function of a college in Chennai, avoided answering any query from persistent reporters.
Earlier during his speech at the function, he said students awaited hard roads as challenges lay ahead in their lives. "But you should believe in yourself, you should believe in the truth. I have been on those hard roads and that was the only way I was able to cope as well," he said.
Recommend

Cong  NCP wont win more than 10 seats: Modielection
Addressing five rallies in the State on Sunday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi raised the pitch on the penultimate day of campaigning for Maharashtra Assembly polls as he predicted that the Congress and the NCP would be restricted to 10 seats each in the 288 member Assembly.
Alluding to the NCP’s symbol, the clock, Mr. Modi said the ‘10 past 10 time’ on it was symbolic of the seats the former allies would win in the elections. “They will not be able to win more than 10 seats each,” Mr. Modi said at a rally in Tuljapur in Osmanabad district.
Mocking the NCP further, at a rally in Pandharpur in Solapur district, the PM rephrased its initials to “Naturally Corrupt Party.” If voted to power, Mr. Modi said, there would be a surge in the NCP’s corruption. “Since the time the NCP was born nothing has changed, its leaders have remained the same, its slogans and goals too. Even their symbol. Do you know what the clock means? It represents that in last 10 years the party has increased its corrupt practices by 10 times.” If voted to power, the NCP’s corrupt activities would increase “15 fold,” Mr. Modi told the crowd.
Though Mr. Modi also criticized the Congress, his scorns were mostly reserved for the NCP and its senior leadership. He condemned the party for the comments made its leaders, indirectly referring to the controversial statements made by former home minister R.R. Patil and former deputy CM Ajit Pawar.
“My head hangs with shame listening to the kind of statements the NCP leaders make. We have to remove this ‘kalank’ (blot) from the State,” Mr. Modi said.
While Mr. Patil had on Friday trivialized a rape incident where he said that the MNS candidate booked for it could have waited for the elections to get over before committing the crime, Mr. Pawar had last year faced widespread condemnation for his “urine” remark.
With just one day left for campaigning, Maharashtra is destined to witness a five-way battle after the two major alliances split recently. This year would mark the end of the Congress and its allies, Mr. Modi predicted. The BJP hopes to come to power on its own.

Service tax heat on UberThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

VAT Issues: K taka offers Amazon a month for...Amazon
(Until then, the Commercial…)
BANGALORE: Karnataka has offered the Seattle-based ecommerce giant Amazon one month's time to explore and come up with options by which they could comply with the state VAT laws.
Until then, the Commercial Taxes department has agreed not to act against individual dealers who have business partnership with Amazon. The development has come as a breather to both Amazon, and dealers, and it is still too early to say whether a mutually acceptable solution is possible soon.
"We are trying to arrive at a common ground, and have told Amazon to suggest options. We have also told them that we cannot allow the present uncertainty to linger for long," ISN Prasad, principal secretary, finance department, Karnataka, told ET. "Once a solution is found, we can propose necessary changes in the VAT law or in the rules keeping the specific needs of the ecommerce businesses in mind," he added.
In response to an ET query, Amazon said: "We are awaiting a resolution and will extend full cooperation to the government to arrive at a solution."
Amazon, which opened its modern warehouse in Hoskote taluk of Bangalore Rural district in January, could partner with barely 50 dealers/merchants as its "fulfillment model" ran afoul with Karnataka tax authorities. Under this model, the dealers register the Amazon warehouse as their additional place of business (APOB), also called branch, with VAT authorities. The Commercial Taxes department accepted this initially, but later questioned the business model. The local VAT offices (LVOs) soon issued notices asking dealers why their branch certificates be not cancelled.
"The Commissioner of Commercial Taxes has verbally asked local VAT offices not to cancel the certificates immediately, and instead offer one more month's time to dealers to give their replies," an official said.
A person tracking the developments confirmed that the VAT authorities have not issued any further notices or cancelled branch certificates.
The American behemoth with $74.5 billion in global revenues last year has conveyed to the Finance department that it is unable to issue VAT invoice to buyers or remit taxes on dealers' behalf as any such activity would be construed as engaging in retail trade, and violate FDI regulations in India. It cannot register itself as "commission agent" with the tax authorities for the same reason, it said. The Finance department, however, has lobbed the issue onto Amazon's court to explore solutions.
The affected dealers, meanwhile, are unhappy at the stalemate, and some have already moved their stock from the warehouse though they continue selling on Amazon. Others have stopped selling online altogether because of the problem.
of the additional services like warehousing and packaging offered by Amazon," said a dealer , whose branch certificate has been cancelled.
The Bangalore-based dealer, whose firm has an annual turnover of under Rs. 5 crore, was expecting online to account for almost 40 per cent of his revenue this fiscal. "If the problem continues Amazon can move its warehouse to Tamil Nadu or some other state. Then merchants will suffer and Karnataka will not get these taxes anyway," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indias Nobel quest completes a cycle of sortsUpdated: October 13, 2014 05:42 IST
India’s Nobel quest completes a cycle of sorts
M. R. Venkatesh
The Hindu Peace Nobel winners Kailash Satyarthi; R.K. Pachauri, who headed the IPCC which was selected for the honour in 2007; and Mother Teresa. File photos
SLIDESHOW
award and prize
In the 21st century, one connecting thread is the synthesis of the search for knowledge and effective purposeful action that Nobel Prize accomplishments have come to mean, more so when the winners have some connection or other with India
More than 100 years after Rabindranath Tagore was awarded the Nobel for Literature in 1913, India’s quest for the Nobel Prize has attained a certain philosophical completeness under all categories for which it is awarded, with Kailash Satyarthi of India being chosen along with Malala of Pakistan on Friday for the Nobel Peace Prize 2014.
While C.V. Raman won the Nobel for Physics in 1930, Har Gobind Khorana bagged it under the category of Medicine in 1968. Khorana shared his prize with Robert W. Holley and Marshall W. Nirenberg.
The Albanian-born Mother Teresa who later worked out her spiritual destiny in Calcutta was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1979, even as India was again crowned with the Nobel Physics in 1983 in the hands of Subrahmanyam Chandrasekhar. He shared it with William Alfred Fowler.
If in 1998 Amartya Sen won extraordinary laurels for India by winning the prize for Economics “for his contributions to Welfare Economics,” it was then followed by Venkatraman Ramakrishnan chosen for the Nobel Chemistry in 2009. Dr. Ramakrishnan shared it with Thomas A Steitz and Ada E. Yonath.
Five years later, an Indian has again bagged the Nobel Peace, this time sharing it with a courageous Pakistani girl, rounding off a rare sub-continental partnership to work together for suffering humanity at large.
Across generations in the past century, alongside the birth of Modern India, for the common man the Nobel Prize has been an extraordinarily distant goal, often invoking a mixed feeling of awe and the other-worldly recognition even if most of the prizes are in the empirical sciences.
However, a century later, into the 21st century, one connecting thread in these accomplishments, is the synthesis of the search for knowledge and effective purposeful action that Nobel Prize accomplishments have come to mean, more so when the winners have had some connection or other with India.
Pre-Independence British Indians
While some people would want to even include pre-Independence British Indians in this list - notably Ronald Ross, who according to the Nobel Foundation website was born on May 13, 1857, in Almora in India and was awarded the prize for Medicine in 1902 “for his work on Malaria”, and the Bombay-born writer Rudyard Kipling who was awarded the Literature prize in 1907, two other Nobel winners associated with India also need to be mentioned here.
The first is the controversial writer and Literature prize winner in 2001 V. S. Naipaul, whose ancestors had their roots in India, and second, more recently Dr. R. K. Pachauri, who as then Chairman of the U.N. body, ‘Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC)’, shared the Peace Prize laurels with Al Gore Jr. in 2007, “for their efforts to build up and disseminate greater knowledge about man-made climate change.” Yet, the new assertive Indian middle class in the new millennium was in no great hurry to seize ownership of them as Indian icons.
Historically, that original pride of India’s intellectual soul being recognised by the West has largely been associated with Tagore, C. V. Raman and the mathematical genius Srinivasa Ramanujan in terms of modern paradigms of knowledge. This is notwithstanding the fact that philosopher-scholars like Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan and Sri Aurobindo made waves in the West.
While Tagore, being the first Indian to win the Nobel followed by C.V. Raman, have long dominated popular consciousness, in the post-1960s , the excitement about the prize itself looked more pronounced in the public sphere, at least from a journalist’s point of view, first with Mother Teresa demonstrating the importance of humane action, and when Chandrasekhar won the Physics Prize “for his theoretical studies of the physical processes of importance to the structure and evolution of the stars”.
It was a fairly rapidly changing India in terms of social mores that was stepping into the 1980s’. All this was happening even when the debate over why Mahatma Gandhi, the apostle of non-violence, was not considered for the Nobel Peace Prize, continued however muted it may have been.
This intellectual excitement reached a peak when Professor Sen was honoured and more recently when Dr. Ramakrishnan won the prize in 2009 for the study of the “ribosome- one of Life's core processes” as the Nobel Citation put it. Venky, as he was popularly known among his peers until the prize brought him to public limelight, started off his career as a theoretical physicist, as he himself put it, and then moved on to Molecular Biology.
‘Nationalities don’t matter’
When Dr. Ramakrishnan addressed the Madras University students soon after his winning the prize that year, he was quite candid that he did not care much for nationalities as his research effort was a testament to how the search for knowledge is truly universal. And he also drove home the point that world class work in science was taking place in India itself. It came as sweet music to hundreds of University students that day, by then attuned to the former President Abdul Kalam’s “dream big Mantra”.
Nonetheless, it was Professor Sen who more lucidly explicated the sense of completeness in his Nobel Banquet Speech 1998. Referring to economists being frequently asked whether “are you against or in favour of the market?” or “Against or in favour of State action?,” Professor Sen said: “This is an invitation to replace analysis by slogans — to be guided by grand dogma, either of one kind, or of another. We do need the clear stream of reason. What Tagore, the poet, and Chandrasekhar, the physicist demanded, we need in economics too...” Tagore's own “universalist, tolerant and rationalist ideals were a strong influence on my thinking and I often recollect them in these divisive times,” Prof. Sen said.

Asian markets extend decline after big fall on Wall StreetAsian markets extend decline after big fall on Wall Street
By Reuters | 13 Oct, 2014, 05.59AM IST
Asian stocks got off to shaky start in step with a steep decline on Wall St as worries about global economic growth sapped confidence, keeping crude oil prices stuck.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SYDNEY: Asian stocks got off to shaky start on Monday in step with a steep decline on Wall Street as worries about global economic growth sapped confidence, keeping crude oil prices stuck near four-year lows.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.5 per cent, extending last week's 1.1 per cent drop. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 index dipped 0.5 per cent, while South Korea's KOSPI slid 0.8 per cent.
Japanese financial markets are closed on Monday and other major centres including the United States and Canada will be partially, or fully, shut for holidays as well.
The declines in Asian markets came after US stocks skidded 1.2 per cent on Friday and Wall Street's fear gauge, the CBOE Volatility Index, jumped to a near two-year high.
At an International Monetary Fund and World Bank meeting in Washington on Saturday, IMF member countries called for bold action to bolster the global economic recovery and flagged Europe as a top concern.
"The sell-off on Friday was brutal. Maybe even overly so," said Evan Lucas, strategist at IG in Melbourne.
"With global growth being slashed and the outlook for emerging markets looking very shaky, Australia will suffer more than most developed nations."
Asia's MSCI index has fallen every week in the past five and is now down 10 per cent from a near seven-year peak set early last month.
With Europe staring at the prospects of a recession, Japan's economy floundering, China's expansion slowing and the Federal Reserve on track to end its bond-buying stimulus soon, investors have been cutting back on risk assets in earnest.
Page 1 of 3

Women dont need to ask for raise: Microsoft CEOeconomy, business and finance
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella says women don’t need to ask for a raise. They should just trust the system one that at technology companies is overwhelmingly male.
Mr. Nadella spoke on Thursday at an event for women in computing held in Phoenix. He was asked to give his advice to women who are uncomfortable requesting a raise.
“It’s not really about asking for the raise, but knowing and having faith that the system will actually give you the right raises as you go along,” he answered. Not asking for raise, he added, is “good karma” that would help a boss realize that the employee could be trusted and should have more responsibility.
After getting blasted on Twitter for his remarks, Mr. Nadella tweeted, “Was inarticulate re how women should ask for raise. Our industry must close gender pay gap so a raise is not needed because of a bias.”
Was inarticulate re how women should ask for raise. Our industry must close gender pay gap so a raise is not needed because of a bias #GHC14
— Satya Nadella (@satyanadella) October 9, 2014
But his comments at the event, the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing, underscored why many see technology companies as workplaces that are difficult to navigate or even unfriendly for women and minorities. Tech companies, particularly the engineering ranks, are overwhelmingly male, white and Asian.
Criticized for their lack of diversity, major companies say they are trying to address the problem with programs such as employee training sessions and by participating in initiatives meant to introduce girls to coding.
Twenty-nine per cent of Microsoft’s employees are women, according to figures the Redmond, Washington-based company released earlier this month. Its technical and engineering staff and its management are just 17 per cent female.
That’s roughly comparable to diversity data released by other big tech companies this year.

You are a 1970s kid if you remember Rekha like thisShe can't be 47!
Tue 22 Nov, 2011 1:25 PM IST
Seeing is not believing when it comes to Nandana Sen. It's hard to believe that the 'Rang Rasiya' woman is actually 47 . What makes her special? More » She can't be 47!
Have you seen these pictures
Thu 18 Sep, 2014 5:19 PM IST
Are you ready for a blast from the past. Here are some old pictures - and some new, here is a look at some celeb pictures you should never ever miss More » Have you seen these pictures
Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 10:44 AM IST
It has been two years since Genelia and Riteish got married. It was a big fat Bollywood wedding. Now, proud Riteish has made it official. He is going to be a father. More » Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Bollywood, friends and a Happy Diwali
Tue 21 Oct, 2014 7:43 AM IST
Diwali is a time for celebrations. And Bollywood does it in style. A look at who is visiting whom, who is party hopping.
Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Fri 17 Oct, 2014 7:51 AM IST
Mehendi, Sangeet and an Arya Samaj wedding - Sahil Sangha and Dia Mirza are man and wife. A look at their cute love story. More » Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Filipino TV host Paolo Ballesteros becomes internet star thanks to his incredible celebrity transfor …
Tue 14 Oct, 2014 2:32 PM IST
Proving that makeup is a form of art, Filipino presenter Paolo Ballesteros uses makeup and wigs to transform himself into some of the world's most famous faces. Paolo skillfully highlights and contours himself into stars including Kim Kardashian and Ariana Grande. Check out the pics!
Look whom we spotted with Hrithik Roshan
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 4:06 PM IST
It was dubbed the launch of the year, and it certainly didn't disappoint. A number of A-listers flew into Dubai to attend the grand opening of Cle Dubai, which is Michelin-starred chef Greg Malouf's first venture in the city.
Bollywood star Hrithik Roshan, Victoria's Secret models Alessandra Ambrosio and Irina Shayk, Khloe Kardashian, Paris and Nicky Hilton and Esha Gupta turned out to attend the new restaurant, which offers contemporary Middle Eastern cuisine.
When Gutthi stole the show
Tue 7 Oct, 2014 7:27 AM IST
Gutthi aka Sunil Grover was the showstopper for actor turned designer Mandira Bedi's collection. More » When Gutthi stole the show
Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Sun 5 Oct, 2014 11:42 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, had a couple of weeks ago launched the Swacchh Bharat campign and nominated Salman Khan. Salman Khan and his team was seen in action cleaning up in Karjat. He were not the only celebrity to take up this mission. Here's a look More » Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 3:54 PM IST
Rani Mukherji visits Durga Puja Pandal, Maanyata Dutt keeps a Mata Ki Chowki in her house, here is how Bollywood celebrated Navratri off the screen. More » Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Spotted: Gauri Khan, Shamita Shetty at Simone Arora’s store launch
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 11:56 AM IST
Simone Arora launched her new store in Mumbai over the weekend and the event saw a bevy of beautiful ladies in addition to her family. Here’s a look at all the celebrities we spotted
Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Sun 28 Sep, 2014 8:40 PM IST
George Clooney once said “I won’t marry again” and Barbara Walters asked “How do you know you won’t marry again?” “Because I wasn’t very good at it,’ he replied. Now, years afterwards he has tied the knot with Amal Alamuddin. Here are the first pictures after the wedding. And we have some of the guests who attended too. Take a look More » Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Talking point: Here's what our favourite celebs have been talking about
Sat 27 Sep, 2014 11:16 AM IST
Celebs who insured their body parts
Mon 19 Sep, 2011 4:19 PM IST
German supermodel Heidi Klum has had her legs insured for $2 million. Learn more about other celebs who have insured their body parts. Photos More » Celebs who insured their body parts
How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Fri 26 Sep, 2014 3:29 PM IST
If we are to tell you that Aishwarya, Shilpa and Malaika are older than 35, would you believe us? The other age defying beauties. More » How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Tue 23 Sep, 2014 4:00 PM IST
Celebrity weddings present some amusing moments. Candid shots, tender moments, shared togetherness. Take a look
Who has the best lips in Bollywood?
Sun 18 Sep, 2011 3:54 PM IST
What do you prefer? Katrina and Kangna's (fake) pout or the fuller natural lips of Kareena and Madhuri? Take a look More » Who has the best lips in Bollywood?
Celebrity pets
Tue 16 Sep, 2014 5:30 PM IST
Paris Hilton has gotten a new pooch for herself, which reportedly is said to be the world's smallest Pomeranian, and could even fit in a purse for $13,000. And she isn't the only one with pets. Bill Clinton, had a cat; and MJ had a pet snake! These celebrity pets are as famous as their masters. Take a look More » Celebrity pets
Designer Manali Jagtap gets engaged to Vicky Soor
Mon 8 Sep, 2014 1:59 AM IST
What is Deepika and Arjun excited about
Fri 5 Sep, 2014 9:16 AM IST
Deepika was so excited that she gave our photographer a series of funny moments. Arjun was not far behind and the event was a fashion night out. More » What is Deepika and Arjun excited about
Today on Yahoo

Oil prices are plunging. Don t cheer yetOil prices are plunging. Don't cheer yet
By Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 October 10, 2014: 3:05 PM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Crude oil tumbled below $84 a barrel on Friday for the first time since the 2012 Olympics in London.
If you have a car or truck, you're probably cheering the possibility of $3-a-gallon gas prices. But here's why you should also cringe.
Cheap oil prices are largely a reflection of some pretty scary developments in the global economy, especially in Europe. No one wants to see another recession.
The oil plunge is spooking investors, helping to fuel some of the recent extreme turbulence on Wall Street.
The current situation is a reminder that you should be careful what you wish for. Sure, consumers and businesses will benefit from friendlier prices at the pump. But it's being driven at least partially by negative factors.
"Energy was a star performer January through June. Now it's taking all the air out of the market," said Joe Saluzzi, co-head of trading at Themis Trading.
Related: Wall Street predicts GOP midterm victory
Demand fears spread: A confluence of factors have teamed up to open a trapdoor beneath the price of oil.
First, there are mounting worries about Europe's anemic economy and the ability of Super Mario and the European Central Bank to continue propping it up . Germany is teetering on the brink of recession , sending its stock market to one-year lows this week.
Shrinking economic activity in Europe and continued sluggishness in China translates to less demand for commodities, especially oil. Obviously, that's a big negative for oil prices.
What was your best investment? Share your story with CNN
Second, oil has been hurt by the resurgent U.S. dollar. Commodities frequently move in the opposite direction of the greenback, which is enjoying one of its best stretches in recent memory as the U.S. economy outperforms.
No supply shortages in U.S.: The other, often overlooked driver of lower energy prices is swelling supplies. U.S. oil production, fueled by the shale boom, is skyrocketing. Domestic output has spiked about 70% since 2008, according to the Energy Information Administration.
Surging U.S. output is a "supply-side shock," Marc Chandler, global head of currency strategy at Brown Brothers Harriman, wrote in a note to clients.
That helps explain why the average price of gas in the U.S. has dropped to $3.24 per gallon, compared with $3.43 a month ago, according to the AAA Fuel Gauge Report. Some states like Missouri, South Carolina and Tennessee are already flirting with $3 per gallon gas.
But it's not just the U.S. that's keeping prices low. Instead of dialing back on output to offset sinking prices, Saudi Arabia is actually ramping up production in an apparent effort to maintain overall revenues. It's also having the side effect of putting pressure on Russia, which relies heavily on oil revenue as well.
 
The market suffers from whiplash
Stock market jitters: No matter the cause, the result is clear: energy stocks are getting burned. Just look at Thursday, when the S&P 500 basket of energy stocks careened 3.7%.
The energy group wasn't just the worst performer on Thursday. It's the biggest loser this month and for the year as well.
Exploration companies, which rely on lofty prices to justify expensive discovery efforts, are really taking it on the chin. Three of the four worst performing S&P 500 stocks in 2014 are energy exploration companies: Noble Corporation ( NE ), Transocean ( RIG ) and Diamond Offshore Drilling ( DO ).
Red ink is really drowning smaller energy stocks, which by definition are riskier and more susceptible to wild swings driven by oil prices. The Russell 2000 Energy index plummeted 6% on Thursday -- a dramatic move for a sub-index. It's down a whopping 26% over just the past month.
This experience highlights how different asset classes are interconnected. Selling in one corner of the market can quickly spill over into another, unrelated corner.
"Oil is lower... that should help consumers but consumer stocks are owned by the same guys (read: everyone) who is getting dinged by energy stocks," Michael Block, chief strategist at Rhino Trading Partners, wrote in a note on Friday. "Risk management is fun for the whole family."
First Published: October 10, 2014: 1:23 PM ET
Most Popular

What you didn t know about Big BWhat you didn't know about Big B
Who introduced Amitabh Bachchan to Sunil Dutt and where did he meet Jaya Bachchan. Find out
Amitabh Bachchan began his career in films in 1969 as a narrator in Mrinal Sen's Bhuvan Shome.
1 / 6

Poland make history after maiden win over GermanyPoland stun world champions Germany with first win
By By Michal Janusz | Reuters –  Sun 12 Oct, 2014
Poland's Sebastian Mila (L) celebrates after scoring against Germany during their …
By Michal Janusz
WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland struck twice on the break to stun wasteful World Cup winners Germany 2-0 on Saturday, earning their first ever victory over their illustrious neighbours and taking control of Euro 2016 qualifying Group D.
Arkadiusz Milik put them ahead with a well-timed header in the 51st minute and Sebastian Mila added another late in the game to hand the hosts a memorable victory against bitter rivals Germany after 18 previous failed attempts.
The feat was even more impressive given Germany had not lost an away qualifier for either the World Cup or Euros since 1998.
"In such games a squad gains its identity," Poland coach Adam Nawalka told reporters. "I hope this will be the beginning of a new road for the national team.
"We made a small step, but let’s not be too euphoric. We play Scotland on Tuesday and this is our focus now."
Poland, who had scored once in their previous six competitive meetings and had lost 12 of 18 games against either Germany or West Germany, now go top of Group D on six points, as many as Ireland.
Poland are now unbeaten in their last seven European Championship qualifiers, equalling their all-time record.
Germany are third on three points after two games.
Wearing the black and red striped tops they had last worn during their 7-1 demolition of Brazil in the World Cup semi-final in July, Germany had control of the game but were wasteful with their chances.
"Obviously we are very disappointed," said Germany coach Joachim Loew. "But I can't say much about the team. The only thing is that we were a bit sloppy with our chances in the first half.
"Also in the second half we played well and created chances but Poland scored with their first dangerous ball," said Loew. "Our game execution was good. Our finishing wasn't."
TOUGH START
The Germans, playing in the stadium where they lost 2-1 to Italy in the Euro 2012 semi-final, were made to work hard against a solid Polish backline in front of a fiery 57,000 crowd.
Towering central defenders Kamil Glik and Lukasz Szukala also made sure to eliminate any aerial threat from Mats Hummels, playing his first game for Germany since the World Cup final.
The visitors, missing half a dozen starters including Bastian Schweinsteiger and Marco Reus, had their best chance in the 38th minute when Mario Goetze floated a cross to the far post but winger Karim Bellarabi, on his debut, fired wired.
They gradually wore the Poles down and towards the end of the first half found more and more space down the wings to feed the ball into the box.
They carved out several more good chances but neither Thomas Mueller twice nor Bellarabi could find the back of the net.
The hosts, who had hardly ventured out of their own half in the first period, broke the deadlock five minutes after the restart with Milik heading in a pinpoint Lukasz Piszczek cross.
Germany keeper Manuel Neuer made a half-hearted attempt to come out of his goal but his late start saw Milik's glancing header fly past him.
As expected it turned out to be a one-sided second half with Germany attacking and the Poles waiting to hit back on the break.
Germany substitute Lukas Podolski shook the crossbar with his first touch of the ball as the chances kept coming for the visitors.
But as they pushed forward for the equaliser, there was more space for the Poles to attack and they did just that with Mila sealing their famous win when he tapped in an assist from Bayern Munich's Robert Lewandowski in the 88th.
The reeling Germans will look to bounce back at home to Ireland on Tuesday.
(Writing by Karolos Grohmann, editing by Mark Meadows)
Recommend

Beijing s growing subwayMost stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer .
Morningstar: © 2014 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2014. All rights reserved.
Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.
Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2014 and/or its affiliates.
© 2014 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy .
.

Fay hits Bermuda  becomes hurricane in open watersThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Trade engine shifts down just as global growth needs a boostThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

ISIS enters Sebis terror caution listThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

PRESS DIGEST- British Business - Oct 13Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Maha & Haryana Polls: More than just state elections | Forming single-party govt difficultAjit Pawar Shiv Sena Uddhav
By Neerja Chowdhury
If pre-poll surveys are to be believed, BJP may get a clear majority, or come close to it, or lead the government in both Maharashtra and Haryana. This, if it happens, would give a major fillip to the party, since the party has not been a frontrunner in either state, and Maharashtra does represent the country's financial hub.
Undoubtedly, the party had done handsomely in both the states in the 2014 Lok Sabha polls, but state elections are a different ball game, as the recent bypolls showed. Local issues, caste alignments and state 'chehras' determine a party's fortunes. If anything, BJP was at a disadvantage in both the sates for not having a clear chief ministerial candidate, whereas Congress had Prithviraj Chavan, NCP Ajit Pawar, Shiv Sena Uddhav Thackeray and MNS Raj Thackeray . (And yet by going it alone, BJP banked upon a five-way split of votes going to their advantage.)
In Haryana too, Congress campaign has been entirely a BS Hooda show, with hardly any posters of Sonia Gandhi or Rahul to be seen, and Hooda had his way in the distribution of 90% of the tickets, and this may well be the way Congress politics may go in the coming months. INLD leader OP Chautala projected himself as his party's future CM from within jail. While it was meant to reassure the Jats that he would hold the reins of power if they stuck by him — though he fielded his foreign educated and MP-grandson Dushyant Chautala as a fall back — it intensified the reaction among the non-Jats, gravitating largely to BJP, and Haryana politics has traditionally rested on the Jat-non-Jat divide. What may give BJP an edge is the inroad it seems to have made also among the Jats, dividing the dominant community three ways. There seemed to be an "undercurrent" of support for Modi among women in Haryana.
BJP took a huge risk by breaking its alliances in both the states and this was resisted by BJP brass in the party's parliamentary board. Advani openly bemoaned the end of the 25-year-old alliance with its oldest partner the Shiv Sena. But, from all accounts, BJP chief Amit Shah was backed by PM Narendra Modi and they had their way.
At one level it made sense. Why concede CMship to Sena, when the Lok Sabha polls gave BJP 23 seats and Sena only 18? So also in Haryana. If BJP led in 52 out of 90 assembly segments, why have an alliance with Kuldeep Bishnoi's Haryana Janhit Congress? If the post-poll arithmetic compelled BJP to refashion alliances to form a government, it could always go in for a give and take. It also calculated that this was the time for the party to spread its wings in the states, and go for the kill, while Modi is still riding high.
While Modi's rallies in both states have had an impact, it goes without saying that by making it a Modi versus the rest battle again, the PM staked his personal prestige, undertaking a big risk. For a defeat, or a less than a reasonable showing — when the BJP-Sena alliance was billed to get as many as 200 out of 288 seats in Maharashtra — would start to deflate the Modi balloon. But then an ability to take risks is the hallmark of leadership. So is the capacity to strike when the iron is hot.
While Modi has come like a "Sapnon ka Saudagar",when people are tired of discredited politicians and jaded politics, there has been another element in BJP's poll planning, which complemented Modi. And that is the poll machinery that the new party chief Amit Shah put into place. It was he who pushed for BJP going it alone. A man of detail and considerable organisational energy, and a penchant for going for the jugular, Shah went into the nitty gritty planning at the booth level, concentrating on seats lost last time by small margins, mounting micro strategies to ensure that the voter who opted for BJP in the Lok Sabha polls did not stray away.
If Narendra Modi's campaign manages to overshadow the local factors which come to the fore in a state poll, it would point to stirrings taking place at the ground level, which other parties have either failed to take note of or to address.
Is there a greater reaction to coalition rule than we realise? Do Modi's words, about the desirability of the same party in power at the state as at the Centre, have greater traction, particularly among the young, for whom the idea of political stability connotes greater delivery? Would that entail the beginning of a decline of regional parties, which have risen over the decades at the expense of the Congress?
Would that goad regional forces increasingly to make common cause to protect their turf, and this might include existing allies of BJP, like the Akali Dal, as has happened with the Shiv Sena? With Congress showing little signs of revival, can BJP, though with a different ideology, go on to occupy the space that Congress once held? These are questions for the future, but the outcome of the two state polls might shed some light on these posers and in that sense they are more than just two state polls.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pre-market: Nifty seen opening lower; RIL eyed ahead of resultsSave precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open lower on Monday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to retest its crucial psychological level of 7,800 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 53.50 points lower at 7823 indicating negative opening on the domestic market.
Investors will keep a close eye on Reliance Industries which is scheduled to declare its results for the quarter ended September 30 post market hours today.
The oil & gas major is expected to report 2 per cent YoY rise in its net profit number to Rs 5600 crore for the quarter ended September 30, as compared to Rs 5490 crore reported in the year-ago period.
On the macro front, Consumer Price Index (CPI) is expected to ease to 7.2 per cent for the September as compared to 7.8 per cent reported in the month of August.
Indian markets will also react to August IIP data which came below most analysts' estimates. The index of industrial production (IIP) rose 0.4 per cent in August, substantially below expectation, from a year ago, data released by the statistics office on Friday showed
Indian markets lost its momentum on Friday weighed down by weak global cues. BSE's Sensex was down by 339.9 points and closed at 26297.38 while NSE's Nifty was down by 100.6 basis points to close at 7859.95.
Nifty slid below the support of 7910 but managed to still respect the important support of 7840 on closing basis. The level of 7840 continues to remain as a vital support on a positional basis.
"If 7840 is respected we may still expect a bounce back but on the upside it may now face resistance near 7925 and beyond that 8000 - 8030 range is the next resistance for the index," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"Nifty has closed negative for the third consecutive week and the momentum measures continue to remain in sell mode on the weekly chart thus any upside bounce is met with selling pressure," added the report.
Nifty may continue to remain susceptible to declines till the time 8110 is not surpassed convincingly, say analysts and level of 7840 (closing) is still a trend reversal level for the index.
Any move below this level can induce deeper declines of up to 3% more from 7840 levels, said the brokerage firm.
On Friday, both S&P 500 and Nasdaq posted their largest weekly declines since May 2012 and the Dow turned negative for the year.
"The S&P closed at its lowest level since late May and right at its 200-day moving average, a key technical indicator it has not breached since late 2012. The moving average also coincides with an intraday low hit early in August," Reuters reported.
"Some pinned the slide to concern about the Federal Reserve's imminent ending of its asset purchases stimulus, as well as worries about weak economic growth, especially in Europe, and its effect on U.S. earnings," added the report.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 115.15 points, or 0.69 percent, to 16,544.1, the S&P 500 lost 22.08 points, or 1.15 percent, to 1,906.13 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 102.10 points, or 2.33 percent, to 4,276.24.
Asian shares were trading lower. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 1.1 per cent lower at 15,300 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.74 per cent lower at 22,921.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.54 per cent lower at 1,930 and China's Shanghai index was trading 1.23 per cent lower at 2,344.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Walking their way to awarenessUpdated: October 13, 2014 07:55 IST
Walking their way to awareness
Staff Reporter
Tweet
The Hindu The theme of the day was ‘living better, ageing well’. Photo: R. Ragu
Youth from all over Chennai assembled on the sands of the Marina, long before the crack of dawn on Sunday, to convey an important message.
They were clad in bright white t-shirts and marched till the lighthouse with messages on arthritis and the need to fight the disorder and find a cure. World Arthritis Day, observed on October 12, was celebrated by representatives of the city-based Soundarapandian Bone and Joint Hospital and Research Institute.
S. Sivamurugan, director of the hospital, stated the theme of the day was ‘living better, ageing well’.
“We have come together with the students to raise awareness among the general public. We are placing special emphasis on steps to prevent arthritis such as regular exercise and an overall healthy lifestyle,” he added.
In 2013, World Arthritis Day — which the hospital celebrates every year — was marked by a painting competition for children.

Kalakkal Caf: An inclusive space for hanging outUpdated: October 13, 2014 07:49 IST
Kalakkal Café: An inclusive space for hanging out
Evelyn Ratnakumar
Tweet
The Hindu Inmates of Vidya Sagar celebrating in the Kalakkal Cafe evning at Kotturpuram in Chennai. Photo: K. Pichumani
Kalakkal Café, run by the NGO Vidya Sagar in Kotturpuram, which has set high standards in making public places accessible, will be open on all Saturdays, and not just alternate Saturdays.
The café’s features include menus in Braille and ramps to enable the wheelchair-bound to enter, and is one of the rare places in the city where the disabled can enjoy a leisurely outing.
It has also become an example for others.
Rajul Padmanabhan, director of Vidya Sagar, said the café is not just for people with disabilities. “Although it is accessible for the wheelchair-bound and visually-challenged persons, Kalakkal Café is for all youth. Any youngsters who are looking to spend time with friends are welcome,” she said.  
Among those present at the ‘relaunch event’ at the café on Saturday were a group of Vidya Sagar alumni, some of whom had won awards from Able Disable All People Together (ADAPT), Mumbai. “Often, in the discourse, the importance of leisure is lost. People with disabilities too want to enjoy the freedom of having coffee with their friends, but are unable to do so in our city cafes,” said Smitha Sadasivan, of the Disabilities Rights Alliance.

LSRs Queerosity questions what is normalLSR’s Queerosity questions what is ‘normal’
Mallica Joshi , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 13, 2014
First Published: 01:13 IST(13/10/2014) | Last Updated: 01:18 IST(13/10/2014)
Comments
A lesbian gay bisexual and transgender (LGBT) society will soon join the ranks of popular societies such as dramatics and western music at Lady Shri Ram College.
Started by students, Queerosity, is a society that aims to discuss and understand ‘queerness’. The focus of the society will be to question what is usually thought to be normal in the world.
The society is one of the first in the city’s educational institutes to raise and discuss alternate sexuality and ‘normal’ sexual behaviour.
 “Our collective is open to everyone and the main aim is to dig deeper and understand the prejudice against people who don’t identify as heterosexual,” said Nikita Saxena, a third year student of English and member of Queerosity’s core team.
The society, which came into existence in August, is yet to be registered by the college officially but the students have already started working.
“There are small cards placed all over the campus that ask questions about queer characters in popular culture such as Harry Potter to pique curiosity.
 It is a wonderful initiative since a lot of people have a very constricted view of being gay or even cross dressing,” said Parul Rana, a student of political science at LSR.
On its official Facebook page, Queerosity highlights its broader agenda. “Queerosity comes out as a platform for you to question and challenge all that you’ve ever been told and to know that you’re not alone. No more hushed tones or knowing half-smiles about sex. Gay isn’t a best friend or pink.
And cross-dressing isn’t just the stuff of Comedy Nights (a TV show).”
Many colleges in DU regularly hold seminars and discussions around the LGBT population but students from LSR are the first to form a dedicated society. JNU also has a queer group called Dhanak that is open to students and actively participates in debates on sexuality.

NASA invites public to send their names into spaceUpdated: October 9, 2014 18:44 IST
NASA invites public to send their names into space
PTI
space programme
Over 2.8 lakh people from around the world, including 21,729 Indians, have so far submitted their names to be inscribed on a NASA microchip that will eventually fly to Mars.
NASA is giving people a chance to shoot their names up into space on the first Orion mission, scheduled to for launch on December 4, and then eventually to the Red Planet.
Currently, 2,80,429 people have submitted their names to fly into space.
The highest number of names submitted to NASA so far from a single country - a total of 1,13,121 - comes from the USA while the third-largest submission of names is from India, with 21,729 space enthusiasts from the nation giving their names.
Other countries with high participation include UK (22,491 names), Philippines (9,869 names) and Canada (7,760 names). Currently, only 1,828 names have been submitted from China and 1,620 from Pakistan.
The collected names will be included on a microchip the size of a dime. The first trip will be on board NASA’s initial test flight for the new Orion spacecraft. It is set for a 4.5-hour mission in orbit around Earth.
“After returning to Earth, the names will fly on future NASA exploration flights and missions to Mars. With each flight, selected individuals will accrue more miles as members of a global space-faring society,” NASA said.
To sign up, users have to go to NASA’s name-collecting site , fill out some basic information, and submit. The site then generates a digital “boarding pass.”
The deadline for getting your name on Orion’s inaugural flight is October 31.

RR Patil to MNS candidate:  You could ve raped after pollsPatil's 'rape after elections' remark raises hackles
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS India Private Limited/Yahoo India News –  Sat 11 Oct, 2014
Sangli: Former Maharashtra home minister R.R. Patil landed in a controversy at an election rally Saturday when he said: "If the candidate wanted to become a legislator, he should have waited till the elections and then raped..."
This piece of wisdom by Patil sent his Nationalist Congress Party scurrying for cover.
Following the statement, political parties and social activists termed it "as an insult to women" of the state.
Shortly, thereafter, an apologetic Patil said he regretted the faux pas and that his statement was unintended.
"I was criticising the candidate... I had no intention to offend womenfolk and I apologise if anybody's sentiments are hurt," he said.
It happened when some activists of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) extended support to Patil for the Oct 15 assembly elections.
Pleased but puzzled, Patil apparently asked them the reason for their sudden generosity, barely days before the state polls.
The MNS activists confessed that their official candidate was behind bars allegedly for involvement in a rape case.
"Oh! If he wanted to be elected legislator from this area, he could have at least waited till the elections and then raped..." Patil blurted out.
Later, the normally soft-spoken and measured Patil sought to defend himself saying the MNS candidate had been booked a few years ago in another alleged rape offence, but it failed to cut ice with many.
Five years ago, after the 2008 Mumbai terror attack, Patil had raised hackles when he said: "Aise bade bade shehron me, chhote chhote haadse hote rehte hain..." (In big towns like Mumbai such small incidents keep on happening) before he apologised.
In April 2013, another NCP leader and ex-deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, following drought-hit farmers' demand for water, had said: "What can I do if there is no water in the dams? Should I urinate to fill up the dams? Without water, even urine is not coming..."
Subsequently, following a nationwide hue and cry, he apologised for poking fun at farmers' plight.
Recommend

MF equity folio count rises by 5 lakh in Apr-SeptMutual funds' equity folio count rises by 5 lakh in Apr-Sep
PTI Oct 12, 2014, 11.48AM IST
(The mutual funds industry…)
NEW DELHI: Equity mutual funds added more than 5 lakh investor accounts or folios in the first 6 months of the current fiscal in view of sharp rise in the stock market.
Folios are numbers designated to individual investor accounts, though one investor can have multiple folios.
According to the Securities and Exchange Board of India data on investor accounts with 45 fund houses, the number of equity folios rose to 2,96,85,807 at the end of last month from 2,91,80,922 at the end of the last fiscal (March 31, 2014), registering a gain of 5,04,885 during the April- September period.
The additions came at a time when the market was scaling new highs.
April saw the first rise in more than four years. Prior to that, the equity MF sector had seen a continuous closure of folios since March 2009 after the market crashed due to the global financial crisis in late 2008. Since March 2009, it has seen a closure of 1.5 crore folios.
The investor base reached its peak of 4.11 crore in March 2009, while it was 3.77 crore in March 2008.
On the rise in the folios in the last six months, analysts said that robust market performance over the past few months helped investors renew faith in stock market.
The mutual funds industry reported net inflows of nearly Rs 34,000 crore in equity funds in the April-September period of the current fiscal (2014-15), which helped the industry grow its folio count.
We have been witnessing a continuous rise in investor base into equity mutual funds since April, which is a positive development for the markets. The increase in folios is also due to huge inflows in stock market, Amrapali Aadya Trading & Investment Equity Research Analyst Ujjal Jana said.
The BSE's benchmark Sensex surged by 19 per cent in the first six-month of the current financial year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top five cos lose Rs 42k cr in market valuationTop five cos lose Rs 42k cr in market valuation
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 12, 2014 11:25 AM IST
The market valuation of top-five Indian companies fell by Rs 42,519.88 crore last week, with IT major TCS taking the biggest hit.
While TCS, ITC, CIL, HDFC Bank and Sun Pharma saw losses in their valuation, ONGC, RIL, Infosys, SBI and ICICI Bank made gains.
The market capitalisation (m-cap) of TCS plunged by Rs 18,911.52 crore to Rs 5,24,772.61 crore.
ITC's m-cap tanked by Rs 8,691.94 crore to Rs 2,81,610.82 crore, while Sun Pharma lost Rs 8,626.15 crore to Rs 1,69,582 crore.
The valuation of CIL fell by Rs 6,000.55 crore to Rs 2,11,313.97 crore and HDFC Bank lost Rs 289.72 crore to Rs 2,09,309.66 crore.
On the other hand, RIL's value moved up by Rs 10,834.71 crore to Rs 3,10,584.25 crore, while that of ICICI Bank rose by Rs 3,673.42 crore to Rs 1,68,967.23 crore.
Infosys saw its m-cap climb Rs 2,397.43 crore to Rs 2,23,317.57 crore, SBI (Rs 2,112.8 crore to Rs 1,83,007.46 crore) and ONGC (Rs 1,582.77 crore to Rs 3,46,069.58 crore).
In the ramking of top-10 firms, TCS was at number one position followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, Infosys, CIL, HDFC Bank, SBI, Sun Pharma and ICICI Bank.
The BSE 30-share barometer Sensex ended the week at 26,297.38, a net fall of 270.61 points or 1.02 per cent.

India might pay a high price for development. Do we careIndia approves projects in dash for growth, alarming green groups
Reuters –  Fri 10 Oct, 2014 2:38 AM IST
Print
By Tommy Wilkes
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - In late August, India's environment ministry rejected a proposal to build what would be the country's largest hydropower plant in a remote and pristine part of the country's northeast because of the potential damage to an area rich in biodiversity.
Less than a month later and, according to two environment ministry officials, after pressure from Prime Minister Narendra Modi's office, permission was granted for the 3,000 megawatt Dibang plant, the construction of which will mean clearing some 4,000 hectares (9,900 acres) of forest.
The plant is one of hundreds of projects, many of which were repeatedly rejected in the past, that have been approved since Modi came to power in May.
That trend has alarmed environmentalists, who say the country's natural habitat is under assault in the name of industrial development.
"The floodgates are open," said Sunita Narain, director general of the Delhi-based Centre for Science and Environment (CSE). "We were in trouble with the last government and we are in even more trouble with this government. Rather than try and reform the system, they are picking at the edges."
In the five months since it came to power, Modi's government has relaxed several environmental rules to make it easier for companies to build new projects.
Small and mid-sized coal miners can now expand production by 50 percent without public consent, and polluting industries can operate closer to national parks.
Other decisions have been devolved to state governments, which tend to be more open to polluting projects than New Delhi.
Consecutive Indian governments have been blamed for neglecting the environment and prioritising industrial projects, but critics say they see signs that Modi has at best an ambiguous attitude to environmental issues.
His government has tightened controls on funding for Greenpeace and reduced the number of independent members on a committee charged with assessing projects that lie in or close to protected wildlife areas.
In its defence, the government says it is not sacrificing India's natural habitat but approving projects which are necessary for the country's development, while ensuring proper checks and balances are put in place.
Modi won elections on a pledge to revive the economy and bring electricity to 400 hundred million Indians not connected to the grid. Hydropower plants like Dibang could provide more electricity to local people, as well as help tackle the country's chronic energy shortages.
 
FAVOURING DEVELOPMENT
The push to fast-track development comes as "India Inc." looks for Modi to make good on pledges to reform the system for clearances, which they complain has long held up construction of roads, factories and mines and stymied economic growth.
"There is no doubt that things (clearances) should be sped up," said Isaac George, chief financial officer at GVK Power & Infrastructure, which operates mines, power plants and airports. "But there should be a proper balance between industrialisation and the environment."
At the end of June, 298 projects were awaiting environmental approval, a backlog that Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar said last month he had subsequently cleared. Only a handful of those projects were rejected or deferred for further analysis.
By contrast, around 400 projects were given environmental clearance in 2013 under the last government, when it was on a pre-election drive to boost the economy, and around 100 in 2012, data compiled by CSE show.
Among projects granted approval to clear forests and replace them elsewhere were six leases for salt manufacturing in Modi's home state Gujarat that were rejected under the last government because they would lie close to a marine national park.
"We have cleared hundreds of projects. We don't keep count of how many," Javadekar said in a telephone interview.
He said his ministry was not sacrificing the environment in its push to clear projects, and pointed to the cancellation of 46 industrial licences for units polluting the Ganges river, and tighter regulations on the heavily polluting cement sector.
"If the project is not environmentally friendly, it won't get clearance. We are favouring people, we are favouring development."
Concern about environmental damage wrought by a push to industrialise and raise living standards for India's 1.2 billion people is not new. Air pollution, poor sanitation and degraded lands cost the economy an estimated $61 billion a year, according to a 2013 World Bank study.
 
DAMS, FLAMINGOS AND PHEASANTS
The huge Dibang hydro plant, first mooted in 2008 but twice rejected by the environment ministry's Forest Advisory Committee (FAC) in 2013 and this April, won approval last month to clear forest on condition the proposed height of the 288-metre concrete gravity dam be reduced by 20 metres, said a senior environment ministry official.
Following the FAC's concerns, however, the ministry rejected a plan in August to lower the dam by only 10 metres. That would have meant the amount of lost forested land falling 9 percent, rather than around 20 percent under the 20 metre reduction plan.
In an Aug. 28 letter seen by Reuters, the ministry said the 10 metre proposal endangered a "rich mature forest ecosystem" with a "large number of endemic and endangered flora and fauna" and threatened local tribal groups dependent on the forests.
The impact on a national park downstream was yet to be studied, it said.
Modi's efforts to amend environmental rules have not all succeeded, however.
A move by his government to slash the number of independent members on the National Board for Wildlife, a statutory body chaired by the Prime Minister that can approve or block proposed projects close to or inside protected areas, was in breach of the law, India's Supreme Court ruled in August.
The court said decisions made at an Aug. 12-13 meeting of the board's standing committee, where, according to a person with direct knowledge of the meeting, about 130 of 140 projects were cleared, are to have no effect until its next hearing.
Planned projects include a twice-rejected road running near the Pakistan border and through "Flamingo City", Asia's largest breeding ground for flamingos, and a cement plant less than 4 km (2.5 miles) from the Majathal Wildlife Sanctuary, home of the endangered cheer pheasant.
The government has not made minutes from the August meeting public, and a ministry spokesperson did not respond to requests for comment on it.
"This road could doom the populations of flamingos across the subcontinent," said Prerna Bindra, a former board member who rejected the road in 2013. "The national board is supposed to have a very proactive conservation role. Very unfortunately, the whole system now seems to be geared for clearances."
 
(Additional reporting by Aditi Shah in NEW DELHI; Editing by John Chalmers and Mike Collett-White)
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Cyclone Hudhud hammers eastern India  at least three deadCyclone Hudhud blasts India's east coast, at least five dead
By By Jatindra Dash | Reuters –  Sun 12 Oct, 2014
Print
By Jatindra Dash
VISAKHAPATNAM India (Reuters) - Cyclone Hudhud blasted India's eastern seaboard on Sunday with gusts of up to 195 km per hour (over 120 mph), uprooting trees, damaging buildings and killing at least five people despite a major evacuation effort.
The port city of Visakhapatnam, home to two million people and a major naval base, was hammered as the cyclone made landfall, unleashing the huge destructive force it had sucked up from the warm waters of the Bay of Bengal.
Wreckage was strewn across Visakhapatnam, known to locals as Vizag. Most people heeded warnings to take refuge, but five were killed by falling trees and masonry, and thousands of homes were damaged, emergency officials said.
The chief minister of Andhra Pradesh, the state that bore the brunt of Hudhud's onslaught, said the extent of damage would only become known after the storm abates.
"We are unable to ascertain the situation. Seventy percent of communication has totally collapsed ... this is the biggest calamity," N. Chandrababa Naidu told Headlines Today television.
"We are asking people not to come out of their houses," Naidu said, adding that damage assessment would start on Monday. "We are mobilising men and material immediately."
Prime Minister Narendra Modi called Naidu and promised "all possible assistance in relief and rescue operations", his central government said in a statement.
The low toll reported so far followed an operation to evacuate more than 150,000 people to minimise the risk to life from Hudhud - similar in size and power to cyclone Phailin that struck the area exactly a year ago.
After a lull as the eye of the storm passed over the city, winds regained their potency. Forecasters warned Hudhud would blow strongly for several hours more, before wind speeds halve in the evening.
"Reverse windflow will be experienced by the city, which will again have a very great damage potential," L.S. Rathore, director-general of the state India Meteorological Department (IMD), told reporters in New Delhi.
The IMD forecast a storm surge of one to two metres (three to six feet) above high tide that could result in flooding of low-lying coastal areas around Visakhapatnam, Vijayanagaram and Srikakulam.
TERRIFYING WIND
A Reuters reporter in Visakhapatnam said the storm had smashed his hotel's windows and flooded the ground floor. It was difficult even to open the door of his room, he said, as wind rushing through the corridors drove it shut again.
"I never imagined that a cyclone could be so dangerous and devastating," said one businessman who was staying in the hotel. "The noise it is making would terrify anyone."
An operations centre in state capital Hyderabad was inundated with calls from people seeking help, including 350 students stranded in their hostel without food or water, said K. Hymavathi, a top disaster management official.
Visakhapatnam port suspended operations on Saturday night, with its head saying that 17 ships which had been in the harbour were moving offshore where they would be less at risk from high seas. The city airport was closed and train services suspended.
The IMD rated Hudhud as a very severe cyclonic storm that could pack gusts of 195 kph and dump more than 24.5 cm (10 inches) of rain.
The cyclone was strong enough to have a "high humanitarian impact" on nearly 11 million people, the Global Disaster Alert and Coordination System (GDACS), run by the United Nations and the European Commission, said.
The evacuation effort was comparable to one preceding Cyclone Phailin, credited with minimising fatalities to 53. When a huge storm hit the same area 15 years ago, 10,000 people died.
Hudhud was likely to batter a 200-300 km stretch of coastline before losing force as it moves inland, forecasters said.
According to the IMD, peak wind speeds will drop to 60 kph by Monday afternoon. Hudhud is expected to continue to dump heavy rains in northern and northeastern India and, eventually, snow when it reaches the Himalayan mountains.
(Additional reporting by Malini Menon and Nita Bhalla; Writing by Douglas Busvine; Editing by Richard Borsuk and Jon Boyle)
Recommend

Sharad Pawar praises Uddhav for rejuvenating Shiv SenaSharad Pawar praises Uddhav for rejuvenating Shiv Sena
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Oct 13, 2014 12:50 AM IST
Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief Sharad Pawar on Sunday showered praise on Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray for rejuvenating his party after the demise of Bal Thackeray.  
Even though Pawar and Uddhav are currently engaged in attacks and counter-attacks during the Assembly poll campaign, the NCP chief said Uddhav strengthened the Shiv Sena by sheer hard work.  He also pointed out that Shiv Sena had contributed a lot to the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)’s victory in the Lok Sabha election in Maharashtra.
Pawar, who took out time during his busy poll campaign schedule, told reporters that a section of print and electronic media had already written off Uddhav’s leadership, questioning the fate of the Shiv Sena after Bal Thackeray’s death. “However, Uddhav strived to make Shiv Sena stronger,” he noted.
Pawar’s pat on Uddhav’s back comes at a time when both the NCP and the Shiv Sena are stepping up their attack against the BJP and Prime Minister Narendra Modi for dividing Maharashtra and also for giving too much attention to the state Assembly poll instead of national security. This apart, Uddhav has targeted Pawar’s party on the irrigation scam and the alleged involvement of NCP ministers in various corruption cases.
This led to speculation that in the wake of a fractured mandate, the Shiv Sena and NCP might come together to form the government and to keep the two national parties — the BJP and the Congress out of power. However, Pawar clarified that his party is solely focussing on getting a majority to form the government on its own and it has not given any thought to post-poll alliances.
Meanwhile, Pawar on Sunday declared that he was not at all in the fray to become the chief minister of Maharashtra nor he was going to take up any administrative post. “After 48 years in electoral politics and in power for over three and half decades, I have decided not to take any administrative responsibility. I will be 75 soon and, therefore, I have decided to concentrate on organisational build-up and parliamentary work (being Rajya Sabha member),” he noted. Pawar thanked his party colleague and former Maharashtra minister for public works, Chhagan Bhujbal, for making a strong case for him to become chief minister after the Assembly election.
In answer to a question, Pawar said the Congress was responsible for breaking the alliance with the NCP in the Assembly poll. “The Congress had pre-decided. During negotiations, a seat-sharing arrangement could have been arrived at. However, the Congress kept the NCP waiting and announced its first list of candidates. This led the NCP to fight the Assembly poll separately,” he said. According to Pawar, the NCP had made preparations for 130 seats but after the Congress snapped ties, it had to put up candidates in 280 seats.
Pawar admitted that the Assembly poll was quite crucial especially as his party was going solo after the 1999 election. “We have worked for 60 per cent through NCP’s performance. The remaining 40 per cent is in the hands of voters,” he said.

RIL launches constitution to adopt GeNext pr...You are here: Home > Collections > Ril
First time in 38 years! RIL launches internal constitution RMS to adopt next generation practices
Baiju Kalesh & Sabarinath M, ET Bureau Oct 13, 2014, 07.55AM IST
Tags:
David Oxley
(RIL unveiled the new framework…)
MUMBAI: Reliance Industries (RIL) has formally launched an internal constitution known as Reliance Management Services (RMS) to define processes and policies for the first time in its 38-year-old history as India's largest private sector company looks to embrace next generation practices.
RIL unveiled the new framework before 150 top executives at a function held at Chairman Mukesh Ambani's South Mumbai home Antilla on October 6. As part of RMS, the company also unveiled a series of human resource initiatives including steps to promote the wellness of employees and simplify policies.
A Reliance spokesperson confirmed the launch of RMS but declined to provide details. The sevenhour function saw David Oxley , BP's senior vice-president who oversees an HR transformation programme at RIL, setting the tone by posing questions to Ambani on the reasons for initiating change.
"Oxley asked simple and quick questions. Mukesh Ambani presented his views," said a person who is aware of the development. BP has a stake in RIL's hydrocarbon blocks.
The new system clearly defines the critical policies, processes and execution measures for segments ranging from topics such as HR management to risk management.
RMS clearly spells out what needs to be done within a specified time. For instance, the new framework provides guidelines on the delegation of authority and clearly explains how it should percolate from top to bottom. Similarly, it also explains the processes to detect risks easily and quickly.
The launch of management system RMS will accelerate the pace at which contemporary HR practices are put in place.
Apart from implementing a five-day week last year, RIL has set in motion a series of fresh HR initiatives. Prabir Jha, who joined from the Tatas to head RIL's human resources function, is spearheading the new initiatives.
These changes are meant to simplify policies, encourage education, promote wellness of employees and reward talent at various levels. The new changes, among other things, include discontinuation of service bonds and extension of maternity leave for six months.
RMS, which was conceptualised out of the learnings from the business transformation initiative launched in 2011, will reshape RIL's practices at various levels and inform decision-making from top to bottom, sources said.
"Interestingly, the genesis of this transformation is rooted in a deep spirit of entrepreneurship ," said Sangeeta Singh, partner, HR consultancy firm Sanguine Consultants and former partner (HR) at KPMG. "So professionals within are innovating with processes, systems, technology, ideas. It is an invigorating time for the younger professionals as they see senior leadership talent being brought in and new ideas being seeded as they watch."
Executive committee members such as PMS Prasad, Alok Agarwal, Nikhil and Hetal Meswani and LV Merchant also spoke on the transformation at RIL at the meeting. Ambani summarised the essence of RMS in his concluding remarks.
Historically, RIL was perceived to be managed by the top 100 people as its founder Dhirubhai Ambani nurtured the practice of creating loyal leaders good at executing mammoth projects.
As technology redefined management practices and the attitudes and needs of the younger generation changed, current chairman Mukesh Ambani set the ball rolling for a business transformation initiative. "What got us here will not take us to where we want to be in the future," Ambani was cited as saying.
Ambani also believes that the average life of the top 100 corporations in the Standard & Poor's list is 30 years and RIL needs to re-invent itself in a rapidly changing world.
India's third-most valuable company is making huge investments in consumer-facing sectors such as telecom and retail. The company is planning an investment of $11.7 billion in the telecom business and going for massive expansion of its retail business.
The formal launch of Reliance Management Services is aimed at institutionalising systems and processes as RIL embarks on expansion and diversification while adding more young people to its employee profile.
"This level of change will have a significantly positive impact on employee morale, buy-in of the larger organisational vision, individual productivity and most of all, a sense of belonging with the company," said Singh of Sanguine Consultants.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Law panel for repeal of 113 more archaic lawsLaw panel for repeal of 113 more archaic laws
Satya Prakash , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 13, 2014
First Published: 00:37 IST(13/10/2014) | Last Updated: 02:06 IST(13/10/2014)
Comments
Do you remember the last time you used a horse-cart instead of a car? Probably not. Yet, the 1861 stage carriage act, which regulates horse-drawn carriages, continues to be on the statute book, long after it ceased to be useful.
Or did you know a law gives the state the power to induct people into forced labour? As shocking as it sounds, the Madras compulsory labour act, which allows forced labour, continues to be a valid law, even after the Constitution came into force in 1950.
The law commission, which had recommended repeal of 72 obsolete laws last month, is set to recommend the repeal of these laws, and over a hundred other obsolete statutes that have outlived their utility.
Law commission chairman justice AP Shah will submit the second report on the repeal of archaic laws to law minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Monday. “We are recommending complete repeal of 88 laws and partial repeal of 25 laws in our latest report, Justice Shah told HT, adding, “We are further examining 167 old laws and we hope to submit our third report on archaic laws next month.”
Prasad has said the NDA government intended to repeal obsolete laws in the winter session.
The Commission has undertaken a study, “The Legal Enactments: Simplifications and Streamlining”, at the behest of the government which wants to get rid of archaic, absurd and irrelevant laws.
In the second phase of the study, the commission will work towards updating and modernising existing laws, particularly those dealing with business and commerce, he said, adding industry bodies such as FICCI and CII would also be consulted.

http://refrigerators.rev...The 7 Best Things to Buy at Trader Joe's
Here's what you need to know to get the best from Trader Joe's.
Dave Swanson
October 12, 2014
With its array of affordably priced, yuppie-approved, vaguely gourmet foods, Trader Joe’s is fast becoming an American institution.
Showcasing both cultural variety and genuine value with its quirky lineup of staples and indulgences, the specialty grocer has more than 400 stores—about half of them in California, where Trader Joe’s started.
The chain’s format dates back to 1967, as detailed in Fortune magazine , though it wasn’t until 1996 that the first Trader Joe’s opened on the east coast. Following four decades of measured growth, the grocer is now rapidly expanding, particularly in Texas and Florida.
Trader Joe's is more or less designed to encourage wanton snacking. View Larger
Over time, Trader Joe’s has developed a cult following—Jessica Alba is a regular, as is Supreme Court Justice Sonya Sotomayor. But it also has its share of detractors.
“It has a very passionate following,” explained Nathan M. Rodgers, co-creator of review blog What’s Good at Trader Joe’s . “But it’s one of those things that polarizes people—they either love it or hate it.”
I’ve been shopping at Trader Joe’s for a long time—long enough to be able to tell you that you can’t do all your shopping there.
But there are some products so good that I always keep them in stock at home—Thai Green Curry Sauce, frozen tilapia fillets, and Lemon-Verbena Triple Milled Soap are just a few. For newcomers, though, it might be more helpful to highlight the general categories where variety, value and quality coalesce.
1. Nuts and Seeds
From basics to exotics, Trader Joe’s has nut fans (nut nuts?) covered with some of the best pricing I’ve found on cashews, pecans, macadamias, Brazil nuts, walnuts, pumpkin seeds, and sunflower seeds.
Pine nuts are a steal, and there’s a terrific variety of trail mixes to keep you full of energy on long hikes. The Old-Fashioned Blister Peanuts are savory and delicious, while luxurious Marcona Almonds from Spain are lathered in olive oil and rosemary—an irresistible splurge at $6.49 for six ounces.
Don’t overlook the peanut butter, along with sunflower seed and almond butter options. Almond meal for gluten-free baking is another great buy at just $3.99 a pound.
2. Olive Oil
While shopping at a grocer for just one product is a bit silly, Trader Joe’s affordable selection of high-quality olive oils is impressive enough for me to make an emergency run to the nearest branch when EVOO supplies run low.
Extra virgin olive oils stocked by Trader Joe’s are sourced from Italy, Spain, and California, but it’s the Greek Kalamata Olive Oil that experts say is best.
Having purchased many bottles, I can’t disagree, except to say that my latest find is Tunisian Organic Chetoui Olive Oil (which even the U.S. Embassy promotes ). It comes in a handsome can (good for keeping taste-degrading light away) and it’s an excellent buy at $9.99 for 34 ounces.
Of course, oils at TJ’s aren’t limited to olive. The chain also stocks organic Coconut Oil—16 ounces for the bargain price of $5.99—and there are also sesame seed, grapeseed, and pumpkin seed oils.
3. Cheese and Dairy Products
The array of cheeses at Trader Joe’s puts most grocers to shame.
From simple shredded or sandwich-grade Swiss, cheddar, and jack varieties to more esoteric specimens—like Gouda with Wasabi, Red Leicester with Chili and Red Bell Pepper, or English Cheddar with Truffles—the chain seems to have everything I ever could need.
Products like real grated Parmesan that count as luxury items at most major supermarkets are standard-issue at Trader Joe’s, while crumbled feta and bleu cheeses are priced well below competitors.
The entire dairy section is worth careful perusal. Milk and butter are good values, with the usual assortment of organics also on offer, and the selection of yogurts will keep your lunch box happy. If you're dodging lactose or allergic to soy, the Non-Dairy Almond Beverage (almond milk) is another great buy.
Whole Foods does offer much greater variety, with some fine boutique cheeses on offer. But Whole Foods’ prices are also—well, you know.
4. Finger Foods
From assemble-yourself gourmet goodies to pre-made, heat-and-serve appetizers like Chinese Style Pork Buns, Spinach and Cheese Stuffed Mushrooms, or the new Lamb Koftas with Masala Sauce, the enticing roster of party-ready options at Trader Joe's can seem endless.
I tend to prefer the DIY combos. They can be as simple as hummus and pita chips, or as complex as French chevre cheese on top of the savory Fig and Olive Crisps, garnished with a sliver of marinated Fire Roasted Red and Yellow Peppers. (Thanks for that one, mom.)
There are still more nut options that are also great for parties, like the Thai Lime and Chili Almonds or the Honey Roasted Macadamia Nuts.
5. Sweet Treats
One of the dangers of wandering into Trader Joe’s is the temptation to fill the shopping basket with all manner of chocolates, cookies and candies. I’d guess that about a quarter of the overall store is devoted to snacks, about half of which are sweets.
I’d guess that about a quarter of the overall store is devoted to snacks, about half of which are sweets.
My default order of operations is to ignore desserts until I’ve got a couple dinners in the basket, then top things off with (let's be honest here) what I really came for.
Cookies in various permutations (Triple Ginger Snaps are a top seller); chocolate-covered blueberries, coconut, cherries, espresso beans, and so on; and Apple Blossoms—perfect for two—are among the items I’ve succumbed to on multiple occasions.
6. Wine, Beer, & Spirits
Since regulations vary from one state or town to the next, not all Trader Joe’s locations stock liquor. But where they do, their prices almost always beat those at conventional grocers and liquor stores. (Only at Costco do I regularly find prices lower than Trader Joe’s, though large bottles and cases are all that’s available.)
While TJ's range of spirits isn't extensive, all the major categories are covered. House-brand liquors like Vodka of the Gods, Kentucky Bourbon, and the Premium Silver Tequila are great for mixers or unfussy sippers at well under $20 a bottle.
The beer selection is also less than impressive, but continually expanding. For those who like hoppier brews, I recommend the Mission St. IPA, bottled for Trader Joe’s by the estimable Firestone Walker Brewing. It's a great value at little more than a buck a pour. The annual Trappist-style Vintage Ale, brewed by Quebec's Unibroue, is another great buy at just $5 for a 750mL bottle.
Trader Joe’s is famous for its “Two-Buck Chuck,” but there are much better wines to be had, some of them under $10.
On the wine front, Trader Joe’s is famous for its Charles Shaw wines , aka “Two-Buck Chuck.” But there are much better wines to be had, some of them under $10.
You won’t find many boutique wineries represented (the chain moves too much volume), and there will be many unfamiliar labels sold only at Trader Joe’s, but head-to-head comparisons reveal wines at conventional supermarkets selling for $2 to $3 more.
Top shelf bottles such as Grgich Hills Chardonnay, Veuve Clicquot Champagne, and Stag’s Leap Artemis Cabernet Sauvignon yield even bigger savings.
7. Re-branded Products
Okay, I have to be a little vague here because I just don’t know for sure what I’m talking about. Still, it's well-known that most supermarket chains take established name-brand products and re-brand them under a hush-hush licensing deal.
Trader Joe’s is no different , but the goods tend to be a little more upmarket and lean to the healthier side of the aisle.
Need a few examples? Trader Joe’s tahini-spiked Goddess Salad Dressing tastes remarkably similar to Annie’s Natural Goddess Salad Dressing—but costs about 40 percent less. Trader Joe’s Fennel-Propolis-Myrrh Toothpaste is either a slick knockoff or, more likely, the very same toothpaste sold under the Tom’s of Maine brand. Trader Joe San’s Soyaki marinade not only tastes like Soy Vay Veri Veri Teriyaki but has virtually identical packaging—again, for little more than half the price.
Trader Joe’s keeps its business partners out of the spotlight; both sides have incentives for keeping mum about re-branded products. But if you try things around the store, you’ll probably find a few that, um... strongly remind you of big-name favorites.
But...
There are some aisles in Trader Joe’s where I fear to tread. Through years of trial and error, I've identified several broad categories of products that are simply bad bets. Check them out, and don't say you weren't warned:

Sahara may pledge 3 hotels with hedge funds to raise Rs 10K croreThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Coca-Cola to replace stock options with cash...Chief Executive Officer
(Over 50 executives of the…)
NEW DELHI: Some senior executives of Coca-Cola India , with stock options in the parent company, could see a cut in their long-term remuneration as the cola-maker replaces its stock option programme with a cash payout scheme for most of its managers, globally, in order to curb compensation.
Over 50 executives of the Indian arm hold options and about three-fourths of them are expected to be transferred to the cash payout scheme. A person familiar with the development said relatively junior and mid-level executives with fewer options and longer vesting periods will not mind the new cash awards scheme but senior managers with more options will see a reduction in their long term compensation as in their case, the annual cash bonus could be less than the value of their accumulated stock options.
A Coca-Cola spokesperson said in an email reply to ET: "The new equity stewardship guidelines do not change eligibility for long-term awards or the current compensation of employees. The change is in how those incentives are delivered and earned. Starting 2015, some employees currently eligible for longterm awards will begin receiving longterm incentives as performance cash awards instead of stock options." The spokesperson added that that most stock option holders exercise options for cash.
The move is in line with Coca-Cola reining in salaries across markets, after the beverage firm's biggest shareholder and billionaire investor Warren Buffett recently called the firm's pay packages "excessive". Buffett has, in the past, frequently equated pay plans that rely heavily on stock options, including that of Coca-Cola, as "lottery tickets" that generate outsized rewards. Search firms and industry observers say moving away from stock options at the top-level impacts not only compensation but employee retention too, though it benefits entry- and mid-level said Sangeeta Pal, senior partner at search firm Transearch .
Last week, the world's largest beverage maker had announced that it is curtailing its pay plan for executives. Coca-Cola said it will distribute the company's shares to a smaller group of executives, while the rest will be given cash payouts. Further details of the new compensation plan will be announced in the coming months. Coke's move to curb pay packages comes at a time when developed markets US and Europe are dealing with declining soda sales as consumers turn away from sugary drinks to healthier beverages. Coca-Cola had reported flat sales volumes in the US, its biggest market, in its last-declared April-June quarter earnings. The company has announced that it will increase global advertising by $1 billion over a three year period, up from $3.3 billion last year.
Last year, Coca-Cola chief executive officer Muhtar Kent's pay package — at $18.2 million — was 16% lower than the previous year, with Coca-Cola unable to meet its own growth targets amidst declining soda consumption in the US and other markets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RBS to sell its private banking business in ...Royal Bank of Scotland to sell its private banking business in India
Anita Bhoir, ET Bureau Oct 13, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
ABN Amro
(The Royal Bank of Scotland's decision…)
MUMBAI: Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) plans to exit its private banking business in India as part of a global decision to sell international operations of its private banking arm Coutts, which manages nearly $36 billion in client assets in markets, including Hong Kong, Singapore, Abu Dhabi and Dubai.
"The bank is planning to sell the private banking and wealth business," said a banker in the know of the development. "The first information report has not been circulated yet. However, the bank is expected to begin the sale process in the next few months."
RBS private banking India has four offices spread across Mumbai, New Delhi, Bengaluru and Chennai with 85 employees. Linda Harper, head of RBS media desk, in an e-mail response, said, "We have said we are exiting our Coutts International business and are looking at options including sale, which will include merging the business with another, joint ventures or a possible sale to reduce our footprint on non-UK-centric activities."
She added, "We are not commenting beyond this."
The British bank, in which the state holds 81 per cent shares following a bailout in 2008, is under pressure to consolidate its overseas operations and focus on the home market to support economic growth. The UK government had offered a financial package of £45 billion to the bank to remain afloat following the global financial crisis.
RBS had got the Indian assets of ABN Amro Bank as part of a 3-way split of the Dutch bank after it was acquired along with Banco Santander of Spain , and Fortis of Belgium in 2007.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had objected to RBS operating ABN Amro's Indian business under two separate entities, RBS and RBS Coutts. The regulator was of the view that Coutts is a separate entity and approval for use of the brand name would effectively mean allowing a backdoor entry for a bank. Hence, the UK bank branded its private banking business in the country as RBS Private Banking.
The British bank has been consistently consolidating its overseas operations. In 2010, it sold select Asian assets to the Australia and New Zealand Banking Corp in order to comply with bailout norms. In India, it was caught in a regulatory web.
Its attempt to sell the retail and commercial banking business of Indian unit to Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corp ( HSBC ) had to be scrapped due to regulatory hurdles. It sold the business to old-generation private sector lender Ratnakar Bank last year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shiv Senas anti-BJP orientation is sad: Vinay SahasrabuddheThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Marginal jump seen in Q2 profits for RILThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SC coal ruling  Nokia exit worry foreign investorsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

CBI probes if IRDA favoured Anil Ambani s companyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Myntra  Jabong rope in stars to launch exclu...Fashion portals like Myntra, Jabong rope in film stars to launch exclusive lines
Tasmayee Laha Roy, ET Bureau Oct 13, 2014, 06.13AM IST
Tags:
Alia Bhatt
(Jabong officials said the…)
KOLKATA: Online fashion retailers such as Jabong and Myntra are increasingly tying up with Bollywood celebrities to launch exclusive lines in a bid to attract more young consumers to shop for their garments on the internet.
While Alia Bhatt has tied up with Jabong for her line 'Alia Bhatt for Jabong', Myntra — which launched Hrithik Roshan's label HRX last year — now stocks Mandira Bedi's sari collections as well as the Vero Moda Marquee, a limited edition collection designed by director Karan Johar in a tie-up with the European high-street fashion brand for women. Snapdeal has Shilpa Shetty Kundra's jewellery line Satyug Gold.
"Bollywood celebrities have always been considered as style icons and served as a muse for the high priests of fashion and most of these celebrities have a huge fan-following online. The same people who fall in the age group of 15-35 are also the ones who shop online. Thus to marry Bollywood and fashion online ensures success of the idea," said Praveen Sinha, founder and MD at Jabong.
Jabong officials said the site's user base has shot up by 50,000 within a week of the launch of Alia Bhatt for Jabong this month. With ripped jeans, leather jackets and floral patterns, the collection makes a direct connect with Bhatt's wardrobe in her popular films such as 'Student of the Year' and '2 States'. "Online shopping is the new rage...so this, according to me, was the best platform to launch my designs," Bhatt said.
Myntra has launched Farhan Akhtar's Mard collection and Salman Khan's Being Human, besides HRX. Roshan's HRX has this month launched a range of active and women's wear. "People love to dress up like their favourite stars and these initiatives have taken fans a step closer to their stars.
Hrithik, for example, has been involved in every step of designing the outfits under his label," said Ganesh Subramanian, COO at Myntra. He said Myntra plans to launch own labels of 4-5 leading Bollywood celebrities early next year. Karan Johar's limited edition 'Vero Moda Marquee' collection, launched at the Myntra fashion week early this month, has proved a big hit.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Asian markets decline after Wall Street sell-offAsian markets extend decline after big fall on Wall Street
By Reuters | 13 Oct, 2014, 05.59AM IST
Asian stocks got off to shaky start in step with a steep decline on Wall St as worries about global economic growth sapped confidence, keeping crude oil prices stuck.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SYDNEY: Asian stocks got off to shaky start on Monday in step with a steep decline on Wall Street as worries about global economic growth sapped confidence, keeping crude oil prices stuck near four-year lows.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.5 per cent, extending last week's 1.1 per cent drop. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 index dipped 0.5 per cent, while South Korea's KOSPI slid 0.8 per cent.
Japanese financial markets are closed on Monday and other major centres including the United States and Canada will be partially, or fully, shut for holidays as well.
The declines in Asian markets came after US stocks skidded 1.2 per cent on Friday and Wall Street's fear gauge, the CBOE Volatility Index, jumped to a near two-year high.
At an International Monetary Fund and World Bank meeting in Washington on Saturday, IMF member countries called for bold action to bolster the global economic recovery and flagged Europe as a top concern.
"The sell-off on Friday was brutal. Maybe even overly so," said Evan Lucas, strategist at IG in Melbourne.
"With global growth being slashed and the outlook for emerging markets looking very shaky, Australia will suffer more than most developed nations."
Asia's MSCI index has fallen every week in the past five and is now down 10 per cent from a near seven-year peak set early last month.
With Europe staring at the prospects of a recession, Japan's economy floundering, China's expansion slowing and the Federal Reserve on track to end its bond-buying stimulus soon, investors have been cutting back on risk assets in earnest.
Page 1 of 3

At $16.5b  M&A deals in 9 months top total of 2013Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rekha and her many controversiesPrev Next
Rekha celebrates her birthday today but don’t get into the age. For her, it was, is and will always be just a number. Even today, she looks as majestic as ever. While histrionics is unparalleled, it is her controversial ways that earned her even more popularity.
Rekha celebrates her birthday today but don’t get into the age. For her, it was, is and will always be just a number. Even today, she looks as majestic as ever. While histrionics is unparalleled, it is her controversial ways that earned her even more popularity.
Recommend

Spotted: Alia  Deepika  SRK  Big B at the awardsCelebrity
Celebrities at the Star Box Office Awards
We now have the Star Box Office Awards which will not only recognise films that did well at the box-office but also honour actors and directors who created some unusual records at the this year.
Deepika at the awards.
Yahoo India Movies | Photo by Yogen Shah
Fri 10 Oct, 2014 3:30 PM IST

Seven best ways to save while grocery shopping7 best ways to save on groceries
Simplus Information Services –  Mon 6 Oct, 2014 12:16 PM IST
Bankbazaar.com - Fri 12 Sep, 2014 7:50 PM IST
The Indian consumer is spoilt for choice – even when it comes to grocery shopping.
One one hand, we have the local kiryana shops (department stores), while on the other we have access to branded food products at discounted rates through big retail chains like ‘Big Bazaar,’  areliance Fresh,’ and ‘Spencer’s’.
Their weekly discounts, coupons and voucher schemes are enticing consumers in big herds. After all, Indians are best known for their cost-saving habits.
Here are seven most useful habits that will let you save graciously on groceries:
1.       Always have a precise shopping list:
This is the most clichéd advice given by Indian parents to their kids, but who cares to listen? 
The big grocery stores we all love to roam about, collecting our weekly supplies are tempting consumers with heavy discounts, and in turn forcing us to spend MORE.
If you don’t go there with a list of things you really want, you become more susceptible to part away with your money on things you don’t need.
In order to stay within your budget and also make some savings, take a proper list of items and stick to it.
2.       Be wary of promotional discounts:
Indians fancy discounts so much that sometimes they buy things they will never use, only because they carried heavy discounts. Most discounts are offered either on less popular brands or unbranded items. It often happens that we buy two cola bottles for the price of one, but none of them is either ‘Pepsi’ or ‘Coke.’ Know what you want, and stick to it even if it is not available at a discounted rate.
3.       Choose an ideal time for shopping:
Grocery shopping can never be done in hurry. From superstores to local department stores, each one of them is desperate for clearing out the old stock and if you are not careful, it could easily be sold to you. Try visiting a grocery store when it is not too crowded. This gives you time to check several products, compare prices and also check the manufacturing and expiry dates accurately.
4.       Buy in bulk and make use of weekly sales:
It is advisable for homeowners to create a small pantry for stockpiling non-perishable items at home. Have an airy and well-lit space, where you can store items purchased in bulk and on sale. All seasonal items should be bought and stored immediately, or they will cost you a heap later on. Also, when you purchase monthly supplies, buy bigger packages that will last long. It proves less expensive than picking up smaller packages in large numbers.
Consider this simple example for your reference. Two half kilogram bottles of Kissan Ketchup cost Rs 166, whereas a one KG bottle costs only Rs 125. The same applies to most other grocery items as well.
5.       Reduce waste in the kitchen:
At least in India, we grow up to adapt good habits in reducing wastes in the kitchen. Our parents have never allowed one grain of food to go waste. They have known how to preserve different foods with proper care, be it storing milk and bread or the art of preserving seasonal fruits and berries for later use. They are talented in artfully using the last night’s leftovers into a sandwich or parantha.
Take some inspiration from them, and also follow these storage rules to reduce wastage to a minimum:
·         Never dump your refrigerator to a point where everything starts tumbling down.
·         Never go for shopping when you are hungry. You will end up buying things you will never eat.
·         Avoid dumping edibles in corners of the kitchen (only to forget about them soon after). Be organized and keep everything well in sight.  
·         Always measure and cook food. The main reason for wastage of food is cooking more than required and dumping it later.
6.       Avoid eating out too often
Eating out has become heavenly expensive and if you don’t plan your monthly trips to restaurants in advance, it will lead to a major budget deficit in no time. Besides safeguarding your budget, limiting the number of time you eat out is also good for the health. Several food chains like McDonalds and Dominoes offer heavy weekly discounts up to 50%. To keep track of such discounts, subscribe for their newsletters and plan your ‘eating out trips’ accordingly. And be careful, they offer such discounts mostly during the weekdays and not on the weekends. Moreover, these discounts also have a tiny asterisk mark, which specifies the exceptions. Read them carefully.
This work is produced by Simplus Information Services Pvt Ltd. Customer engagement through content.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
MORE ARTICLES FROM THE SAME PROVIDER

in face-off with Mantega  Fraga disappointsSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Brazil at the crossroadsBrazil at the crossroads Oct 09, 2014 - 6:03 pm
The first round of voting in Brazil's presidential elections is over and the incumbent Dilma Rousseff will face a centre right candidate Aécio Neves in the second round. Gideon Rachman discusses the differences between the candidates and what is at stake with Joe Leahy and Jonathan Wheatley

Aviation stocks soar as oil prices dipAviation stocks soar as oil prices dip
Tulemino Antao & Samie Modak |  Oct 13, 2014 12:13 AM IST
Stocks of airline companies, which were suffering, have found some succour thanks to the fall in crude oil prices.
Stock prices of the two listed airlines - Spice Jet and Jet Airways - were up 15-18 per cent in the past week on hopes that the fall in crude oil prices would help these companies improve profitability by reducing operating costs. Fuel prices account for as much as 40 per cent of the total operating costs of airlines in India. Brent crude oil prices were down to $89.63 a barrel on Friday, down 3.63 per cent in the past week.
Online shopping meets online trading
Last week was a carnival of sorts for the Indian e-commerce space. Domestic brokerage Karvy Stock Broking made an attempt to cash in on this with a smart advertising tie-up with online retail poster boy Flipkart. The brokerage placed a banner on Flipkart's homepage to lure people to open an account and trade in stock markets. Incidentally, Flipkart was one of the most-visited websites last week in the country.

ISIS in fresh Sebi missive on caution against terror outfitsISIS in fresh Sebi missive on caution against terror outfits
Press Trust Of India |  Oct 13, 2014 12:16 AM IST
In a fresh list of terror outfits circulated by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) to the stock exchanges, market entities have been asked to stay cautious about any funds or entities linked to the infamous ISIS (Islamic State in Iraq and Syria) finding their way to Indian capital markets.
While no instance of any ISIS-linked activities in the Indian markets has come to the fore so far, the regulator has informed the stock exchanges about the updated Al-Qaida sanctions list of the United Nations Security Council, which has named various ISIS-linked entities in its new list. The stock exchanges have, in turn, informed their trading members about the updated sanctions list.
In one such circular dated October 7, leading bourse BSE said: "Sebi has informed the Exchange about the amendments/addition to UNSC's Al-Qaida Sanctions List." "Members are advised to take note of the above and ensure compliance with the same," BSE said while enclosing the updated lists of sanctions-hit entities.
In a separate circular dated October 1, NSE said that Sebi has informed it "about changes that have been made to the Taliban and Al-Qaida Sanctions List and UN Security Council 1988 Sanctions List."
Asking the trading members to take note of the updated lists and ensure compliance, NSE also drew the attention of its members to the provisions of a Sebi circular in this regard.
As per this circular issued under the Combating Financing of Terrorism obligations, Sebi has directed all registered market entities that before opening any new account it will be ensured that the name/s of the proposed customer does not appear in the updated sanctions lists of the UN Security Council.
Further, it has been directed that market intermediaries shall continuously scan all existing accounts to ensure that no account is held by or linked to any of the entities.
Full details of accounts bearing resemblance with any of the individuals/entities in the list are required to be intimated to Sebi and the FIU-IND (Financial Intelligence Unit of India), as per a Sebi circular in this regard.
Those figuring in these lists are required to be subjected to various sanction measures such as freezing of assets/accounts and denial of financial services.
Senior officials and top market executives said that there have been no major instance of any entities linked to these groups having found to be trading in Indian markets in the recent past, but regulations and global standards require a constant vigil for such cases.

PM seeks to revive  zombie factories   not a...You are here: Home > Collections > Companies
PM Narendra Modi seeks to revive "zombie factories", not abandon them
ET Bureau Oct 13, 2014, 06.09AM IST
Tags:
"zombie" enterprises
(The govt has set up a committee…)
KANPUR: At British India Corporation's textile factory, four men sit in a control room watching computerised gauges eight hours a day. When they are done, another group takes over, and then another, for 24 hours a day - much as they might at any major industrial plant.
The problem is, nothing is produced there.
The strange tale of British India Corporation is an example of how political patronage and strict labour laws keep publicly owned companies going long after they are insolvent.
Now Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who campaigned in this year's general election on a promise of "minimum government, maximum governance", is preparing to invest more taxpayer money in ailing state-owned factories in a bid to turn them around.
While the government has announced the closure of six publicly owned companies, Minister for Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises Anand Geete said last month that about two-thirds of 64 loss-making firms can be revived with more money.
The government has set up a committee to examine ways sick public companies can be resuscitated, including using cash reserves from profit-earning state firms to provide lifelines to the loss-making ones, according to officials.
The committee will report its findings in two months.
The moves have disappointed those who want Modi to force through economic reforms, however painful. He might reply that past success in reviving "zombie" enterprises as chief minister of Gujarat state gives him the right to try on a national level.
"I am shocked they are considering putting more money in," said Mohan Guruswamy, chairman of the Centre for Policy Alternatives and a former official in the finance ministry.
"The litmus test of whether Modi is a reformer is what he does with these companies, not what he does on allowing more foreign investment. Unfortunately, it looks like he will avoid taking unpopular decisions."
  Since winning first parliamentary majority in three decades in May, Modi has not been as ambitious as his supporters would like in introducing policies many say are needed to revive an economy growing at its slowest rate in nearly a decade.
So far, there has been little movement to roll back the previous government's subsidy programmes or repeal a law allowing retroactive taxation that has alarmed global investors.
"POSSIBLY THE WORST COMPANY IN THE WORLD"
In theory, British India Corporation sells army uniforms, rugs, blankets and tweed jackets, but it stopped manufacturing nine years ago after finishing its last order. Since then, the company, based in Kanpur, has lost about $50 million.
British India Corporation employs about 1,800 people. All the employees come to work, everyone gets paid, earns a bonus, there are overtime shifts, promotions and job changes.
There are bungalows for the managers, flats for workers, a hospital, schools and a subsidised shop. The gardeners, engineers and painters keep the grass trimmed, the machines in working order, and signs freshly painted.
"This could easily be the worst-run company in India, maybe the world," said Satyendra Nath, 58, head of the tax department, who spends his days reading the newspaper or watching television because there is no work to do. "Often, I think: what have I done in a previous life to end up working here?"
Government puts key industries in the hands of state-run monopolies in the years after independence in 1947, borrowing from Soviet thinking that late-industrialising countries needed to use state intervention to transform their economies.
A quarter of the country's 277 state-run firms, which produce everything from condoms to scooters, have lost about $16 billion over the last decade, according to government records.
At least 20 loss-making companies owned by the central government have stopped production or have almost no activity yet still pay staff full salaries, according to an official at the Board for Financial and Industrial Reconstruction, the agency charged with expediting restructuring or liquidation.
  Ministers are reluctant to close these zombie companies because it will lead to job losses, which in turn could cost them votes.
Labour laws, which the World Bank says are the most restrictive anywhere, also make it hard to sack staff for any reason other than criminal misconduct. So it can take decades for a severance package to be agreed.
Modi may adopt a plan for the loss-making state companies he used in Gujarat, where he was chief minister.
By giving boards more independence from ministers and using cash injections from the government, Modi was able to turn 20 publicly owned companies into profit in his 13 years as leader of the state.

US confirms health worker testing positive for EbolaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

38 killed  141 injured in Iraq attacksUpdated: October 13, 2014 08:13 IST
38 killed, 141 injured in Iraq attacks
IANS
AP A man looks at the site of a car bomb attack in the Shula neighborhood of Baghdad, Iraq on Sunday.
TOPICS
bombings
A total of 38 people, including two senior police officers, were killed and 141 wounded in separate bomb attacks across Iraq on Sunday, security sources said.
The deadliest attack occurred before noon in Iraq’s Diyala province when two explosive-laden cars were detonated, Xinhua quoted a provincial source as saying.
The incident was followed by more violence when a suicide bomber blew up himself outside a police headquarters in Qara-Tabba town, about 175 km from Baghdad.
“Our latest reports said the number of casualties reached 33, including the suicide bomber, 11 Kurdish security members and two members of town council,” the source said, adding around 135 people were wounded, including displaced women and children.
In Anbar province, a roadside bomb struck the convoy of the provincial police chief while moving in Ramadi city, killing the chief of al-Fursan police station in Ramadi and wounding two policemen, the source added.
The incident occurred in Abu Risha area, the stronghold of the tribal leader, Ahmed Abu Risha, who heads the government-backed paramilitary group, the “Awakening Councils”.
In Salahudin province, a Shiite militia man was killed and three wounded when a makeshift bomb exploded near their vehicle near Dujail town, some 60 km from Baghdad, a security source said.
The Shiite militiamen are part of thousands of volunteers who responded to an appeal made by the country’s revered Shiite cleric in Iraq, Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, who called on Iraqis to “take up arms to defend their country” against the Sunni insurgent groups, including the Islamic State militant group.
Separately, IS militants fired mortar rounds on al-Jubour area in Dhuluiyah town, some 90 km from Baghdad, killing two children and wounding a man, a police source said.

Opening Bell 13 October | Weak global cues to weigh on Indian marketsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Did you miss the stock market rallyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Streamlining Railways: Portal for bridge des...Rail overbridge projects to get speedy clearance soon
Ruchika Chitravanshi, ET Bureau Oct 13, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Commissioner
(Railway board is developing…)
NEW DELHI: The Narendra Modiled government is getting ministries and departments to work together to get things moving even though big-bang infrastructure initiatives have remained elusive. The often feuding railways and highways ministries, for instance, have decided to develop templates for railway overbridges, differences have stalled these projects, and waive off maintenance charges to expedite their completion.
For starters, the road developers struggling to get the designs of the rail overbridges would be able to get faster approvals. The Railway Board is developing a web portal which will upload generic design templates for such bridges so that companies can follow a standard model. "It would take anywhere between six to eight months to get a ROB (rail overbridge) cleared. And even after the clearance, the design would be questioned causing a delay of a few more months. This needs to be implemented soon," said M Murali, director general of the National Highway Builders' Federation.
There are over 180 such bridges pending government approval, according to the federation's data, which have stalled the projects. The National Highways Authority is providing its feedback to the railway board on these designs.
Last month, the rail ministry had moved the approvals for rail over bridges online.
The Railway Board has also decided to waive off maintenance charges on the rail over bridges in public private partnership projects.
"The move will improve the viability of the projects. It counts much more now since the lending from banks has slowed down significantly in the highways sector," a senior NHAI member who did not wish to be named said.
The maintenance charges, at 30 per cent of the cost of the bridge, are an upfront payment made to the railways. For PPP projects, this has been an extra cost since responsibility of maintenance is with the concessionaire.
The gesture of this waiver will be reciprocated by the highway ministry in case of charges on railway work on the NHAI land.
Besides, the issue of safety clearances from the railways which at times take even two to three years to procure is being dealt with by the two ministries.
The Commissioner of Railway Safety is in the process of drafting the broad guidelines on safety parameters and the required deadlines to meet the same. "There's no uniform rule followed by each railway zone in giving safety clearances. Delays are bound to happen then," a senior government official said. Close to 189 highway projects involving investments of around Rs. 1,80,000 crore had got stuck due to problems of land acquisition, delays in forest and environment clearances, non-transfer of defence land and hurdles in rail overbridges.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Award for VairamuthuUpdated: October 13, 2014 07:57 IST
Award for Vairamuthu
Tweet
The Hindu Justice A.R. Lakshmanan presents the award to Vairamuthu. Industrialist A.C. Muthiah (third from left) is also seen. Photo: M. Karunakaran
Referring to Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ‘Clean Ganges’ campaign, Tamil poet and lyricist Vairamuthu on Sunday suggested that religion be removed from the river in order to clean it.
The river is pure; human beings make it dirty by letting dead bodies, effluents and sewage into it, he said, speaking at the 96 birth anniversary celebrations of Dr. M.A. Chidambaram Chettiar organised by the M.A.C. Charitable Trust.
Mr. Vairamuthu, who received the Dr. M.A. Chidambaram Chettiar Award for his contribution to Tamil poetry and literature, said he welcomed the Clean India Campaign.
The award carries Rs. 2 lakh and a silver plaque.
Former judge of the Supreme Court A.R. Lakshmanan, who presented the award to Mr. Vairamuthu, recalled Dr. Raja Sir Annamalai Chettiar’s contribution to Tamil Isai.
“At a time when songs in Telugu and other languages were popular, he took steps to spread Tamil Isai,” said Justice Lakshmanan. It was he who founded the Annamalai University in Chidambaram, he added.
Justice Lakshmanan also presented awards to Tamil scholar A. Anandarajan, who got the Dr. Raja Sir Annamalai Chettiar award, and entrepreneur Ramprasad Gurunathan who won the Dr. A.C. Muthiah award.
Industrialist A.C. Muthiah said that the M.A.C. Charitable Trust ran educational institutions and hospitals to provide quality education and health care services to the rural poor.
“This year, we have plans to start more technical institutes to provide skill training to youth in rural areas,” he added.
Devaki Muthiah and industrialist Ashwin C. Muthiah introduced the award winners.

Pre-market: Jul-Sep earnings  inflation in focusThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India better prepared for US hike in interest rates: RBI GovernorThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Supreme Court order on coal blocks puts EMTA under rating watchThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Marissa Mayers Secret Plans for TumblrShe's got plans that don't involve dropping "e's".
Photo by Emmanuel Dunand/AFP/Getty Images
This article originally appeared in Business Insider.
Just after Yahoo bought Tumblr for $1.1 billion in the spring of 2013, several of Marissa Mayer’s top product and media executives presented her with detailed plans for what Yahoo should do with its new property.
Advertisement
To every proposal Mayer said no.
In her efforts to persuade Tumblr CEO and founder David Karp to sell his company to Yahoo, Mayer had promised Karp that Tumblr would remain an independent property—much the same way YouTube runs separately from its parent company, Google, and Instagram its parent company, Facebook.  A source close to the situation says Mayer was determined to prevent Tumblr from becoming a “shiny new toy” for Yahoo executives to play with.
Over the next few months, it was decided that Tumblr would use Yahoo’s ad sales force and ad technology, and that Yahoo would use Tumblr’s publishing tools to power some of its media brands. The integration of Karp’s company into Yahoo would go no further.
Sometime between the late fall of last year and spring of this year, this stance softened.  Mayer and her team now have an expanded vision for what Tumblr could be for Yahoo—a vision that did not originate from the mind of Tumblr’s CEO, David Karp.
According to several sources, Yahoo executives believe Tumblr should become the company’s answer to YouTube. In this vision, Tumblr would become the exclusive distributor of videos from YouTube stars like JC Caylen, JennXPenn, Teala Dunn, Ricky Dillon, Connor Franta, JackJack, and Bethany Mota.
In late March 2014, Re/code’s Peter Kafka and Kara Swisher reported that Yahoo was “working on a plan to lure some of YouTube’s most popular stars and networks to show their stuff on the site.”  Kafka and Swisher said that the plan was “aimed at taking advantage of persistent complaints by both video creators and owners, who think that they don’t make enough money on YouTube.”
The story continued: “Yahoo executives have told video makers and owners that the company can offer them better economics than they’re getting on YouTube, either by improving the ad revenue or by offering guaranteed ad rates for their videos.”  What Swisher and Kafka didn’t mention was where the videos from former YouTube stars would go.
Many people assumed that Yahoo would stick them on its Yahoo-branded video product, Screen.  But we are told by three sources—one close to Tumblr, one close to Yahoo, and a third close to a digital-media publisher approached by Yahoo about the plan—that Yahoo envisions its poached YouTube stars setting up their new channels on Tumblr.
Yahoo’s thinking was pretty simple, says one source. Having concluded that poaching YouTube stars would be a good strategy, it simply looked in its portfolio for a user-generated content network. Tumblr was the obvious choice.
It makes sense. Yahoo product executive Mike Kerns has done a nice job of turning Screen into a slick product that’s easy and fun to use. But the tweens and teens who love Ricky Dillon have probably never heard of it. Tumblr, they know.
(You maybe wondering who Ricky Dillon is. Or JC Caylen. That’s OK. Your 12-year-old knows. And if she saw either, she would go into a hysterical screaming fit—just like the kids used to when they spotted Paul, John, George or Ringo. )
The other reasons executives may favor Tumblr is that its so “social.” Tumblr has a dashboard like the Facebook News Feed. As you can subscribe to YouTube channels, users can already “follow” Tumblr blogs. Videos and other Tumblr posts can be “reblogged” spread virally throughout the platform.
That said, the plan could obviously change.  In fact, while the idea has been in the works at Yahoo for many months now and is still going forward, its implementation has been more slow than some originally expected.
One reason: YouTube stars are happier with YouTube than they used to be .  In February, Google executive Susan Wojcicki became the CEO of YouTube, replacing Salar Kamangar. Wojcicki’s first initiative was to repair the company’s relationship with its homegrown stars. She went on a listening tour. She’s put ads marketing YouTube stars in TV commercials, on billboards, and in subways.
Her most effective move was to stop using so much of YouTube’s available funding for original content on established celebrities like Madonna or Jay Z, and using more of it to pay advances to homegrown talent .
We heard a story about how business is so good for some young YouTube stars, it’s not unusual for them to turn down offers from basic cable channels offering them shows.  For whatever reason, Yahoo has been running hot and cold on its big YouTube plan over the past few months. There were reports of delays at the beginning of the summer.  The CEO of one digital-media company that Yahoo approached about setting up a Tumblr channel says he liked the idea but that his contact at Yahoo seemed to drop it.
There is some gossip attributing the delay to a lack of enthusiasm from Tumblr CEO David Karp. But a source close to the company tells us that’s not the case. This source said Yahoo and Tumblr are working together to lure YouTubers, but that it’s still “early.”
Yahoo may soon feel more pressure to speed the process along. So far, the Tumblr acquisition has not been material to Yahoo’s revenues. Tumblr was hardly mentioned during Yahoo’s last earnings call. On Oct. 2, Fortune’s Miguel Helft wrote a story headlined  “Was Yahoo’s Tumblr acquisition a flop?”
Late last month, activist investor Jeff Smith of Starboard Value published an open letter to Marissa Mayer, accusing her of wasting $1.3 billion of Yahoo’s money on nonrevenue-generating acquisitions since 2012.
Smith said that Yahoo was better off selling to AOL than continuing down the path Mayer has established.  “The $1.3 billion spent on acquisitions has clearly not delivered value to shareholders,” he wrote. “Not only do we believe that many of the acquired companies were, and still are, losing a considerable amount of money, but we also believe that these acquisitions, on a combined basis, have failed to deliver material revenue growth.”
If Yahoo were able to suddenly begin generating even a fraction of the $3.5 billion of gross revenues and $1.5 billion in net revenues YouTube brought in for Google in 2013, shareholders like Smith would likely hold their fire.
Tumblr’s and Yahoo’s spokespeople declined to comment on this story.

The risk of Ebola in IndiaUpdated: October 11, 2014 01:26 IST
The risk of Ebola in India
Soumini Ramesh
epidemic and plague
With current flight schedules, scientists say there is a 75 per cent chance that Ebola could reach France and a 50 per cent chance that it could reach the U.K. by the end of the month. The three African nations at the epicentre of the Ebola earthquake are Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia. All the countries are French-speaking and have several flight connections to France — hence the high risk to France. Heathrow Airport is one the world’s main airline hubs, so the high risk to the U.K.
Preparing to deal with ebola
Ebola is a lethal virus with a long incubation period. More than half the people who are infected with Ebola die from it, but it takes between 8-21 days for the symptoms to show up once a person is infected. This now provides the making of a global epidemic — an Indian nurse working in Monrovia, Liberia, could come home infected with Ebola. She could pass through the airport thermal scanners and go home — completely asymptomatic. When she comes down with the disease, she will be initially treated with love and care by her family members; none of whom will wear gloves or masks. They will be infected. She may finally have to go in, very sick and contagious, to a local hospital. Fearful of quarantine and death, she may not reveal (or more likely not be asked) that she came from Liberia. The symptoms of an acute Ebola infection — high fever, headaches, nausea, diarrhoea — are the same as many of our home-grown but less fatal viruses. The hospital will not isolate her; nor will the nurses and doctors caring for her take any precautions. The epidemic will spread. Professor Peter Piot, the discoverer of Ebola, has said, “An outbreak in Europe or North America would quickly be brought under control. I am more worried about the many people from India who work in trade or industry in West Africa.”
Ebola would become a pandemic when it hits India. We are a poor country with health systems that are already stretched in the “season” of disease. We have one nurse per 1,000 people (according to 2010 World Bank data) compared to 1.6 nurses that Nigeria has or the 10 nurses that the U.S. has for 1,000 people. The U.S. has systems and adequate resources to effectively track and isolate victims of Ebola, and the people these victims could have infected, to stem the tide of the epidemic. Most importantly, they have a far lower population density. Imagine a tracking-and-quarantine operation in Dharavi in Mumbai or Egmore in Chennai.
We have two questions and one suggestion.
Prevention
Our best course of action is prevention. Prevent all persons originating from the three hardest-hit nations — Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia — from coming into India, no matter what their status (health or otherwise). Pre-boarding scrutiny of passports will accomplish this. If and when the epidemic intensifies, extend that ban to persons from Nigeria too.
Also, how many Indian healthcare workers are working in Nigeria, Sierra Leone, Guinea and Liberia?
Has due care (quarantine for instance) been exercised when they have returned to India?
How many passengers travel from the countries mentioned earlier to India every day? What are the main ports of embarkation? What are the preventive procedures in place today?
(Dr. Soumini Ramesh is chief medical director, Sri Krishna hospital, Madurai, and Mridula Ramesh is executive director, Sundaram Textiles Ltd.)

Less competition  demand-supply gap push US drug pricesLess competition, demand-supply gap push US drug prices
Digbijay Mishra & Sushmi Dey | New Delhi Oct 13, 2014 12:45 AM IST
Even as the US legislature has initiated a probe against several leading generic drug makers, including three Indian companies, for the extent of price increases, industry officials say several factors have led to the significant increase in prices of medicine in America.
Competition in the US pharmaceutical market swelled in recent years, with increasing generic penetration. This had many companies opting out of low-margin segments, as competition resulted in lower prices. This created a gap between demand and supply. "Such unusual price hikes take place when there is withdrawal of some of the key competitors, which leads to demand override and as a consequence prices start soaring in a free-pricing market. But despite these hikes, the generic drug still would be cheaper than the original patented drugs," said an executive from a domestic drug firm. In the latest letter to generic drug manufacturing companies, the US legislature, the Congress, has pointed to 390-8,200 per cent of price rises across 10 products.
PRICES GOING NORTH
Competition in the US pharmaceutical market swelled in recent years due to increasing generic penetration
Rise in compliance cost and levying of hefty user fees in end-2012 are also responsible for the significant increase in prices of medicines in the US
Unlike India, the US is a free market for pharma pricing
Beside competition, industry executives emphasised recent increases in compliance cost and levying of hefty user fees in end-2012 as factors for the significant increase in prices of medicines in the US. The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) introduced a generic drug user fee in 2012. According to this rule, companies will have to pay a fee while seeking approval for its generic products in the US.
The regulator also increased and tightened its inspections of foreign manufacturing plants, prompting companies to raise investment in compliance.
Of late, Indian drug makers have been facing stringent enforcements in the US, the world's largest pharma market. Several manufacturing plants of leading domestic companies, including Ranbaxy, Sun Pharma, Wockhardt and Strides Arcolab, have come under the FDA scanner for compliance-related issues. "Apart from the demand/supply issue, the import alerts and plant shutdowns also play their bit. Due to these, there is some amount of shortage, which propels companies to raise prices to keep the accounts in check," said Saion Mukherjee of Nomura Financial Advisory and Securities (India).
Unlike India, the US is a free market for pharma pricing. Drug prices in the US are essentially governed by competition, though insurance companies do negotiate with companies for prices.

Pakistan targets 15 posts in Jammu  seeks UN interventionPak targets 15 posts in Jammu, seeks UN help
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Jammu, October 12, 2014
First Published: 09:35 IST(12/10/2014) | Last Updated: 09:32 IST(13/10/2014)
Comments
Pakistan heavily shelled 15 border outposts and hamlets in Arnia sector of Jammu and Kashmir early Sunday even as it wrote to UN chief Ban Ki-moon blaming India for the escalation in border clashes and sought UN intervention on Kashmir.
The shelling, the first since Thursday, injured three people and ends a pause in fighting that has already killed 19 civilians in the two countries in the worst skirmishes in a decade. The Pakistan foreign ministry has claimed that Indian firing over the past month has killed 12 and injured 52 of its civilians.
Villagers show mortar shell marks on a wall after indiscriminate firing by Pakistan Rangers at a residential area. (PTI Photo)
In the letter to Ban, foreign affairs adviser to Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif, Sartaj Aziz, accused India of ‘deliberate and unprovoked violations of the ceasefire agreement and cross-border firing’. He also appealed for UN’s assistance in resolving the dispute with India over the status of Kashmir.
Though there was no formal reaction from New Delhi, India has long maintained that disputes between it and Pakistan should be resolved bilaterally under the framework of the Shimla agreement and Lahore declaration.
 India also considers the UN observer group on Kashmir to have outlived its utility and has criticised Pakistan for depending on a ‘tool of a bygone era’ to address the problems of the present.
Read: Pak writes to UN chief; asks intervention on Kashmir
The latest round of shelling  by Pakistan comes a week after five people were killed in Arnia.
“Flat trajectory weaponry fire started at 8.10pm (Saturday) on three border posts in Arnia and continued till early morning,” a BSF spokesperson said.
The fresh firing has forced authorities to drop any moves to allow the nearly 30,000 people living in government relief camps to return to their homes.

Worst of Hudhud over  rain the worryCyclone Hudhud whipped the coastal districts of Andhra Pradesh and Odisha on Sunday killing six people, with heavy rain and winds of 195 km per hour uprooting trees and damaging buildings.
  
Tidal waves hit the Vizag beach as Cyclone Hudhud reaches Visakhapatnam. (PTI Photo)
Tidal waves hit Vizag beach as cyclone Hudhud reaches the port city of Visakhapatnam. (PTI Photo)
Fishermen negotiate their skiff through rough waves ahead of Cyclone Hudhud on Saturday. (AFP Photo)
People look at a sea tide at Vizag on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
A man carries his wife to safety after a wave hits a beach in Gopalpur in Ganjam district, Odisha. (Reuters)
A view of Visakhapatnam city due to Cyclone hudhud on Sunday. (Arun Sharma/HT Photo)
Huge waves hit the beach in Visakhapatnam on Sunday. (AFP Photo)
People move during rain in Berhampur near Gopalpur sea beach as cyclone Hudhud looms. (PTI photo)
NDRF jawans depart from their Mundali headquarters to the districts that could be hit by Cyclone Hudhud in Bhubaneswar on Friday. (PTI Photo)
Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force (ODRAF) personnel who are to be deployed ahead of a new upcoming Cyclone Hudhud in Ganjam district, in Bhubaneswar. (Arabinda Mahapatra/HT photo)
Large waves buffet the coastline as Cyclone Hudhud makes landfall in Visakhapatnam. (AFP photo)
Residents of seaside village Satabhaya are rescued after their boat sank in Bausagali river in Odisha's Kendrapada district on Saturday. (Arabinda Mahapatra/ HT Photo)
Mass evacuation in the two states minimised damage to life but rain was emerging as a big worry.
Hudhud lost its intensity by evening and its speed was limited to 100-110 kmph and converted from a very severe cyclonic storm to severe storm, the IMD said on Sunday night.
However, heavy downpour was reported from the eastern parts of Andhra and southern districts of Odisha. Similar weather conditions were predicted for eastern Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand and Madhya Pradesh.
High-velocity winds hammered Andhra’s port city of Visakhapatnam, home to two million people and a naval base, as Hudhud made landfall at around 10:40am.
“We are unable to ascertain the situation. Seventy percent of communication has totally collapsed ... this is the biggest calamity,” Andhra chief minister Chandrababu Naidu told a TV channel.
Classified as a very severe cyclone, Hudhud left glass, asbestos and uprooted trees scattered all around the city, better known as Vizag.
 
Seventeen ships were moved offshore while the airport was closed and train services suspended.
“I never imagined that a cyclone could be so dangerous and devastating,” Reuters quoted one businessman, who was staying in a Vizag hotel, as saying. “The noise it is making would terrify anyone.”
Winds also destroyed electric poles in the adjoining Srikakulam and Vizianagaram districts, plunging the area into darkness. A few thatched houses were also blown away.
Mobile phones and internet connections were down and heavy congestion in telecom traffic also contributed to the communication blackout.
Hours before the storm crossed the coast, a man was killed in Visakhapatnam’s Kondram village in a wall collapse, another died when a tree came crashing down on him.
A death was also reported from Srikakulam district.
Angry winds and heavy rain pounded the area for more than nine hours though the India Meteorological Department had predicted the cyclone conditions would prevail for six hours.
In the state capital Hyderabad, Naidu chaired a high-level meeting to review the situation. He asked Prime Minister Narendra Modi to declare the cyclone as a national calamity and requested an immediate relief of R2,000 crore.
The chief minister said that Andhra Pradesh government, for the first time in India, is using space technology with the help of Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) and National Remote Sensing Centre (NRSC) in disaster management.
The state government has created a Facebook page called 'AP Disaster Management' for which Facebook and Google have promoted and verified the page within an hour of its launch.
The government has also created #HudhudAP to reach out to people and get information from them on Twitter and Facebook. It is also using Whatsapp extensively.
At least 200,000 people in four districts along the coastal belt were shifted to relief camps as a precautionary measure.
In neighbouring Odisha, the government had evacuated more than 156,000 people in eight districts, moving them to cyclone shelters.
Two deaths were reported from Kendrapara while sea swept away a man in Puri, officials said. CM Naveen Patnaik reviewed rescue and relief operations. “We are constantly monitoring the situation and taking all possible precautions,” Patnaik said.
With the southern districts of Ganjam, Gajapati and Kandhamal receiving heavy rainfall, the local administration started preparations for floods if such a situation arises.
Read: Heavy rainfall triggers flood worries
Odisha special relief commissioner P K Mohapatra said they were keeping a watch on the situation and expected the rain to subside by Monday morning. “There is no report of damage to any major installations,” Mahapatra said.
As many 26 teams — 16 of the National Disaster Response Force and 10 of the Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force — have been deployed in vulnerable places for rescue work, according to chief secretary GC Pati.
 
“We have been assured by the Centre that army teams will be ready at Raipur in Chhattisgarh and five choppers at Kalaikunda in West Bengal for our call,” he said.
 
As a precautionary measure, East Coast Railways cancelled train services on Bhubaneswar-Visakhapatnam route, while the state government stopped bus service in Ganjam, Gajapati, Rayagada, Nabarangpur and parts of Kalahandi. Private bus operators have also been asked not to operate on Monday.
According to the IMD, peak wind speeds would drop to 60 kmph by Monday afternoon. Hudhud is expected to continue to dump heavy rains in northern and northeastern India and, eventually, snow when it reaches the Himalayan mountains.
The National Crisis Management Committee met Sunday to review the situation.”According to preliminary assessment…, the communication services and power and electricity have been considerably damaged in the affected districts,” an official statement said in Delhi.

Nifty seen opening lower; RIL eyed ahead of resultsSave precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open lower on Monday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to retest its crucial psychological level of 7,800 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 53.50 points lower at 7823 indicating negative opening on the domestic market.
Investors will keep a close eye on Reliance Industries which is scheduled to declare its results for the quarter ended September 30 post market hours today.
The oil & gas major is expected to report 2 per cent YoY rise in its net profit number to Rs 5600 crore for the quarter ended September 30, as compared to Rs 5490 crore reported in the year-ago period.
On the macro front, Consumer Price Index (CPI) is expected to ease to 7.2 per cent for the September as compared to 7.8 per cent reported in the month of August.
Indian markets will also react to August IIP data which came below most analysts' estimates. The index of industrial production (IIP) rose 0.4 per cent in August, substantially below expectation, from a year ago, data released by the statistics office on Friday showed
Indian markets lost its momentum on Friday weighed down by weak global cues. BSE's Sensex was down by 339.9 points and closed at 26297.38 while NSE's Nifty was down by 100.6 basis points to close at 7859.95.
Nifty slid below the support of 7910 but managed to still respect the important support of 7840 on closing basis. The level of 7840 continues to remain as a vital support on a positional basis.
"If 7840 is respected we may still expect a bounce back but on the upside it may now face resistance near 7925 and beyond that 8000 - 8030 range is the next resistance for the index," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"Nifty has closed negative for the third consecutive week and the momentum measures continue to remain in sell mode on the weekly chart thus any upside bounce is met with selling pressure," added the report.
Nifty may continue to remain susceptible to declines till the time 8110 is not surpassed convincingly, say analysts and level of 7840 (closing) is still a trend reversal level for the index.
Any move below this level can induce deeper declines of up to 3% more from 7840 levels, said the brokerage firm.
On Friday, both S&P 500 and Nasdaq posted their largest weekly declines since May 2012 and the Dow turned negative for the year.
"The S&P closed at its lowest level since late May and right at its 200-day moving average, a key technical indicator it has not breached since late 2012. The moving average also coincides with an intraday low hit early in August," Reuters reported.
"Some pinned the slide to concern about the Federal Reserve's imminent ending of its asset purchases stimulus, as well as worries about weak economic growth, especially in Europe, and its effect on U.S. earnings," added the report.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 115.15 points, or 0.69 percent, to 16,544.1, the S&P 500 lost 22.08 points, or 1.15 percent, to 1,906.13 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 102.10 points, or 2.33 percent, to 4,276.24.
Asian shares were trading lower. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 1.1 per cent lower at 15,300 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.74 per cent lower at 22,921.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.54 per cent lower at 1,930 and China's Shanghai index was trading 1.23 per cent lower at 2,344.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Modi undermining dignity of PM  s post: PawarThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

ET Wealth: Here s why MIPs are safest bet fo...Dhirendra Kumar
(A low equity exposure makes…)
Equity investing is often touted as the best way to create wealth, but Puneet Narang has never touched stocks. "I have never invested in stocks because I don't like risking my money," says the Delhi-based finance professional. He puts his money in post office schemes and other safe options.
In Mumbai, banking professional Arijit Sen and his school teacher wife, Komal, follow a similar strategy but for quite different reasons. Their previous experience with stocks has not been very good, so the Sens have now put their portfolio on a 100 per cent debt diet. They are looking at fixed deposits and insurance policies to save for their retirement and other goals.
Ultra-cautious investors like Narang and the Sens may be missing out on an opportunity to build wealth if they stay away from stocks. Experts, and statistics, say that equities have the greatest potential to create wealth in the long term. But with benchmark indices hitting their all-time highs in recent weeks, these risk-averse investors have become more cautious. For investors like these, monthly income plans (MIPs) from mutual funds can be a low-risk entry point to the equity markets.
MIP funds follow a conservative investment strategy, allocating only 10-25 per cent of their corpus to equities and putting the rest 75-90 per cent in the safety of bonds and other debt instruments. This is why the returns from this category are fairly attractive when the going is good and relatively stable over the long term. In the past year, when the markets soared by over 50 per cent, the average MIP fund has given a return of more than 14 per cent (see graphic).
"These funds will give investors good returns if the markets do well, but they will also protect against downside because of the limited exposure to equities," says Vidya Bala, head of research, FundsIndia.com.
Also Read: MIPs can be a good stepping stone for the new investor: Dinesh Khara, SBI Mutual Fund
Our cover story this week looks at the several advantages that this relatively obscure category of mutual funds offers to investors. We have identified the five best MIP funds for you. All the five funds have been assigned the highest rating (five stars) by Value Research in the debt-oriented conservative allocation category. Let us look at these schemes and what they offer.
  Birla Sun Life MIP II - Savings 5
This is an ultra-conservative fund even by MIP standards. The equity exposure is capped at 10 per cent. In the past five years, the fund has had an average equity exposure of 7.8 per cent. While this low-risk strategy has not generated spectacular returns, it has protected the downside risk well. The returns since inception 10 years ago are 9 per cent, which is better than those from a fixed deposit. On the debt side, the fund holds bonds with an average maturity of 5.19 years. Investors can expect good gains if interest rates decline, as they are expected to in the medium term. The best part is the low 1.15 per cent expense ratio.
HDFC Children's Gift Fund-Saving Plan
This is an aggressive fund that invests up to 20 per cent in equities. In the past five years, the average allocation to equities has been 18.52 per cent, which reflects in the returns. It has churned out 11.61 per cent returns in the past five years, which some investors may find quite attractive. The fund also has an aggressive debt portfolio. The average maturity of its debt holdings is 6.77 years. If interest rates fall, this fund will do well, but the 2.66 per cent expense ratio is very high and could suppress returns.
HDFC Multiple Yield Fund-Plan 2005
This is a more conservative fund from the same fund house. The average exposure to equities in the past five years has been lower at 13.9 per cent, but this has made only a marginal difference to the returns. It has generated an enviable 9.9 per cent returns since its launch in 2005. The fund follows a safe strategy when it comes to debt by holding short-term bonds. The average maturity of its holdings is 0.4 years. The relatively better performance of the fund can also be attributed to the lower expense ratio of 1.91 per cent.
ICICI Pru Child Care Plan-Study Plan
This is one of the more aggressive MIPs. During the past five years, its allocation to stocks has been 22.2 per cent, very close to the 25 per cent ceiling it has set for itself. Even now, the equity exposure is more than 23 per cent. The aggression is not limited to stocks. The average maturity of the bonds is 9.86 years, which is significantly long term. The fund will do extremely well if interest rates go down. It is best suited for long-term goals like a child's education or even your retirement. "We have maintained a portfolio of well-managed businesses with robust fundamentals and good prospects, which could result in longterm capital appreciation," says fund manager Manish Banthia. The low expense ratio of 1.49 per cent is virtually the icing on the cake.
SBI Magnum MIP Floater

The bird Lady and her irascible LordUpdated: October 13, 2014 09:18 IST
Madras Miscellany
The bird Lady and her irascible Lord
S. MUTHIAH
The Hindu Elizabeth Gwillim’s watercolour of a South Indian bird
TOPICS
history
A recent article in The Hindu’s BusinessLine that drew attention to a woman painter in early 19th Century India reminded me that her meticulous watercolours of birds of Madras not only pre-dated by twenty years the work of perhaps the most famous bird artist of all time, James Audubon, an American, but were also of a quality that enabled viewers to speak of them in the same breath as Audubon’s creations. Sadly, her work vanished from the public eye in 1808 and did not come to light again till 1924, by which time there was no shaking Audubon’s reputation. Today, Lady Elizabeth Gwillim’s 121 bird paintings are in the Blacker-Wood Library of McGill University, Montreal, Canada, but not on display. The public, therefore, do not have the chance to see the watercolours that have been described as “the finest ever done of Asian birds”.
Elizabeth Symonds, the daughter of an architect, was not known as an artist when she met and married a barrister, Henry Gwillim, who went on to become the Chief Justice of the Isles of Ely, was knighted and then was appointed one of the three justices of the first Supreme Court of Madras. The Gwillims arrived in Madras in 1801, accompanied by her Ladyship’s most eligible sister Mary. It was in Madras that Lady Elizabeth began to paint in earnest, her work, according to experts, reflecting enormous patience and considerable powers of observation, besides much talent and a “saucy” sense of humour.
It was after tiring of the social whirl of the Madras of the day that Elizabeth and her sister began to spend time in the countryside around the city painting. While Elizabeth painted birds, Mary painted fish and flowers. Meanwhile, in the Madras courts, Sir Henry was proving a most quarrelsome member of the judiciary.
Justice Gwillim not only had “violent” disagreements with Sir Thomas Strange, the Chief Justice, and his fellow Puisne Justice, Benjamin Sullivan, but also with the Governor, Lord William Bentinck. After the Vellore Mutiny of 1806, Government created a regular police force. When there was a riot in the grain bazaar in Madras and this force tried to put it down, Gwillim had the policemen arrested! He held that the police force had been created without the permission of the Supreme Court. Not long after, when an Indian was arrested on a criminal charge, Gwillim admitted a motion of habeas corpus and turned his ire on the Superintendent of Police and the Advocate General. Not content with this, he wrote to the Cabinet in England, saying, among other things, “Can these outrages be sanctioned by a Bentinck, by one of that family so illustrious in the cause of liberty? It is impossible! None of the noble blood of the Cavendishes (the Bentinck family) can flow in the veins of this man. He must be some spurious changeling that has been palmed (off) upon that noble family and contaminated it…. What! put a soldier to act as the head of the Police where he is to deprive men of his liberties?... Not one of us is safe. We are living under a complete military despotism…”
The battle between Gwillim and the Chief Justice as well as with the Governor and Government went on for months before the Lords of the Privy Council ordered that he be removed from the Bench.
The behaviour of her husband must have tested the patience of Lady Elizabeth throughout their years in Madras. Maybe that’s why she turned to nature and painting for solace. But in the end, perhaps even that was not enough, for she died shortly before her husband’s dismissal and was buried on the Island, in the cemetery of St. Mary’s in the Fort. Her death left an unanswered question and, therefore, a mystery: She died of “unknown causes”, was what the official record stated.
*****
Trailing bridges and a canal
D. Hemachandra Rao is a veteran civil engineer who has been passionately exploring the city to rediscover its 19th Century bridges and following the lay of the Buckingham Canal in Tamil Nadu, especially examining its locks. His finds have been the subject of exhibitions at various venues during recent Madras Weeks. When he met me recently with several pictures of the arched bridges of Madras, he told me that he’s found several stories about their construction that he’d come across during his research on the bridges in the Archives.
Running out of space, I’ll keep a couple of Hemachandra Rao’s stories for next week. Meanwhile, I wonder how many of these 15 major bridges built before 1840 can be identified by readers:
The Government Garden Bridge (St. George’s Bridge); the Commander-in-Chief Bridge; St. Andrew’s Bridge; Wallajah Bridge; College Bridge or Anderson Bridge; Suspension Bridge; Munro Bridge; Burying Ground Bridge; Marmalong Bridge; Benfield Bridge; Basin Bridge; Elephant Gate Bridge; Hospital Bridge; Otteri Nullah Bridge; and Calingaroy Bridge. The first eight are over the Cooum River; the ninth is over the Adyar River; the next is over a drainage channel; the three thereafter are over the Buckingham Canal; and the last two are over the Otteri Nullah.
No prizes, but would be glad to hear from anyone who has identified the 15 locations with a landmark or a nearby road.
******
When the postman knocked…
* S. Subbarayalu of the Indian Forest Service, who retired as Principal Chief Conservator of Forests and was the founder Director of the Vandalur Zoo, had a quick answer to my question (Miscellany, September 29) seeking more information about Dr. Francis Appavoo who served in the Forestry Department in the Madras Presidency in the mid-19th Century. Apparently Appavoo was a Dresser in the Medical Department in 1855 when Dr. Hugh Cleghorn, Professor of Botany and Materia Medica, chose him as an Assistant. A fellow Dresser objected to the appointment but Cleghorn succeeded in convincing the authorities about Appavoo’s credentials. The next year, Cleghorn was appointed the first Conservator of Forests, Madras Presidency, and, as the Father of Forestry in India, he was asked by Government to write a book about the formation of the Forest Department and its early work. He wanted an assistant for the work and had a post created for Appavoo, who had by then been promoted a Native Surgeon. A year or so later, Cleghorn received a letter from Madras Medical College that Appavoo would have as a Native Surgeon been drawing double the salary he was getting as Cleghorn’s Assistant. Sadly, Subbarayulu does not tell us what happened next, nor does he offer any background about Appavoo. Is there a descendant around who has some answers?
* Searching through Subbarayalu’s book on Cleghorn released earlier this year, after receiving his letter with further information about Appavoo, I found nothing about him in it, but I came across a tidbit that no one had mentioned to me many moons ago when I wrote about Robert Wight and the lack of information about his two artists, Govindoo and Rungiah (Miscellany, October 28, 2002). That they were indeed recognised for their work and remembered by Wight is what I found in this biography of Cleghorn. Apparently Wight named an orchid Govindooia nervosa and a medicinal plant Rungiah pectinta. I also found in Subbarayulu’s Dr. H.F.C. Cleghorn: Founder of Forest Conservancy in India the fact that Gerhard König (Miscellany, September 29) had focused not only on Botany but also done research into South Indian entomology, particularly on termites. An article on them by König was published in 1779 in the German journal The Research Activities of the Berlin Society of the Friends of Nature. Could this be considered the first paper on entomology from India? An item in Miscellany, January 6, however, tells a different story. Perhaps an adjudicator will have an answer for readers.
* Madhusudan Vittal, a doctor from Australia, writes asking me to “enlighten the public about an unsung hero, a remarkable doctor called Yellapragada Subba Rao, an alumnus of MMC.” Vittal adds, “He has done some path-breaking medical research for which neither we nor the international fraternity have given him any credit. Perhaps you could by writing to mobilise opinion so that at least he gets a memorial plaque in MMC to inspire present students.” I did write about Dr. Row (the spelling in the records) as far back as July 16, 2001, in Miscellany, listing many of his medical discoveries at Harvard Medical School and Lederle Laboratories. My item was titled ‘Another forgotten for the Nobel’ and could be found in the Miscellany archives in The Hindu’s website. If Vittal could provide me more information than what I’ve already recorded about Dr. Row, I’d be glad to do another piece on the man who was called ‘The Wizard of Wonder Drugs’. Meanwhile, I endorse the idea of commemoration at the College.

Oscar Pistorius Sentencing Live: Where to Watch Online Judgment Day as Blade RunThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Reliance Industries Q2 net profit seen at Rs 5 600 cr: PollThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Kerry calls for new Middle East peace talksThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Top economic news of the day - October 13  2014Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Reliance Inds. - Adil Zainulbhai appointed on the Board of R...Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Cyclone Hudhud: Andhra Pradesh stays on alert  focuses on restorationThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India better prepared for US rate rise: RBI GovernorThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Top 10 Exclusive Brands In The WorldThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Here are 22 business legends who wake up really earlyAOL CEO Tim Armstrong: The former Google executive told The Guardian that he’s “not a big sleeper,” and that he wakes up at 5 or 5:15 every morning to work out, read, tinker with AOL’s products, and ... more 
AOL CEO Tim Armstrong: The former Google executive told The Guardian that he’s “not a big sleeper,” and that he wakes up at 5 or 5:15 every morning to work out, read, tinker with AOL’s products, and answer emails. Armstrong has a driver who takes him to work every day, allowing him to get things done throughout his hour-long commute. less 

Going crazy over Indias Black FridayUpdated: October 18, 2014 21:50 IST
Going crazy over India’s Black Friday
Sruthi Radhakrishnan
The Hindu Websites offer crazy deals and unlimited choices. Photo: V. Sudershan
TOPICS
technology (general)
Sruthi Radhakrishnan takes stock of online shopping and finds that it isn’t a big deal
It was mayhem last Monday as Flipkart announced it’s mega sale titled “Big Billion Day”. A bit of a misnomer considering Flipkart later said about 1.5 million people logged in on the site that day. By the time this is printed, everything that can be written about the sale has been written. The sale has inspired a lot, from jokes — comparing the home-grown e-tailer to many politicos — to an expletive laden open letter, to the buyers, and to Flipkart as well.
Amidst all the brouhaha, Flipkart sent a tear-stained apology letter to its users, making everyone become the next forgiving person, in line for sainthood.
But there is one thing this all points to. Earlier, shopping during the festive season involved entering a busy market area with a dejected father and an excited mother for most of us. This year has probably changed the way we look at festive season shopping.
Buying things online isn’t a big deal anymore, but this year, apart from Flipkart, consumers have more choice with Amazon and Snapdeal in the market. And this may be the first year, a significant portion of us are buying a majority of new festive clothes online.
Karthik Srinivasan, Social @ Ogilvy’s national lead, who fondly remembers shopping for fireworks as a child growing up in Tiruchi says “e-commerce works perfectly in tandem with people's primary past-time on Diwali — to watch 'special' TV programmes on all the 562 channels!”
“Turning up in a store offline for a sale involves physical movement and that is, given current traffic and crowds in most metros, is a chore. Turning up in an online store is zero effort, so there's obviously going to be massive interest in ecommerce going forward. Many Indians are discovering e-commerce now and it'd only get better (or worse, if you see the increasing traffic putting extra load on servers),” he adds. This change, he calls “fantastic”, can only get better “with deeper internet penetration and better mobile-based access. The demand is already here, and can only get better - what's still not ready is the back-end — technology that can truly scale, delivery mechanism, payment mechanism”.
27-year-old Abhishek Madan who bought a 32-inch TV on an “impulse” during the Flipkart sale, says he has had mostly positive experiences with Indian websites. “For me, e-commerce is as much about saving time as it is about saving money. So I steer clear of websites that might inconvenience me.”
Diwali or Eid in our childhoods consisted tiring trips to the busiest possible shopping areas in the city, where if someone lets go of your hand, you may very well end up on the missing persons report on Doordarshan (“Last seen wearing something that will embarrass her in front of adult friends when they come over for dinner, looking at awful childhood photographs”). Ease of use, and mostly, laziness has made e-commerce an easy way out of such incidents.
For Vaishnavi Prasad, a travel writer, “what you see online, is often NOT (emphasis hers) what you get”. She, though, didn’t fall prey to the temptation on sale day. “I saw a camera lens on sale for a great deal and I was sorely tempted, but being the sceptic that I am, last minute, I backed out.”
Online buying also works perfectly well for impulsive shoppers. Food blogger and Pune-based advertising professional Protima Tiwary calls herself “impulsive when it comes to online shopping”, but “takes out some time before the checkout to review the items again”. This, she says, ensures that the experience remains pleasant for her.
Not everyone has a pleasant experience shopping online. Take the case of R. Ramkumar. The 21-year-old wedding photographer says Flipkart’s customer service is “non-existent. I have had to deal my issue through email as every time I call them I end up speaking with 3-4 of their employees who in the end tell me to put it all on the email.”
In a few cases, bad service makes sure the consumer never comes back. “What's needed is to keep the ears to the ground, ascertain spread and tone of feedback, bucket feedback quickly and address them in batches, as fast as possible,“ says Srinivasan.
For all its supposed ineptitude on sale day, Flipkart seems to have won back everyone, first with its apology and later, a lot of support from other buyers. So what do we do now? Buy more, because nothing is sweeter than telling your second cousin what a great deal you got on that tablet which came in a bundle with the home theater system.

10 divas who just got hotter with ageThey got hotter with age
by clipko 1:35 mins
These leading ladies aren't just aging gracefully, they appear to be getting hotter as well.
Link

Slowly  very slowly  getting Chinas house in orderRemember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

GST: Centre plans 3-year compensation for statesGST: Centre plans 3-year compensation for states
Vrishti Beniwal | New Delhi Oct 13, 2014 12:59 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's plan to roll out a Goods & Services Tax (GST) by April 2016 could hit another hurdle, as the finance ministry wants to compensate states for only three years. States, on the other hand, have been demanding that the Centre compensate them, for losses incurred on account of switching to the proposed indirect tax regime, for five years.
Also, the ministry has ruled out making any provision for compensation in the Constitution amendment Bill; it may be provided for in the GST law.
The compensation will be given to states on the lines of a formula to be suggested by the 14th Finance Commission, which is likely to give its report later this month. The panel was asked to give its recommendations on GST's impact on finances of the Centre and states, besides a mechanism for compensation.
"In our view, there will not be any loss. But, to address states' concerns, we can compensate them for the first three years. We have conveyed this to the 14th Finance Commission," a finance ministry official, who did not wish to be named, told Business Standard.
TAXING JOURNEY
The road ahead for GST
Cabinet note on Constitution amendment Bill for GST prepared
Approval After approval from the finance minister, the note will be sent to ministries for consultation
Compensation For losses incurred on account of GST, the Centre wants to compensate states for three years, against their demand of five years
Constitutional provision Centre does not agree with states’ demand that a provision for compensation be included in the Constitution Amendment Bill, says it will be provided for in the GST Bill
Council The Centre is amenable to states’ demand for changes in the GST council and dropping the dispute-resolution council
Tabling The Centre wants to table the Constitution amendment Bill in Parliament’s winter session
Deadline Many deadlines for GST implementation, originally scheduled for April 1, 2010, have already been missed
Likely date Even if the Constitution amendment Bill is tabled in Parliament’s winter session, GST is unlikely to come into effect before April 1, 2016
States had also asked the Centre to make a provision for the compensation in the Constitution amendment Bill, but the finance ministry is not ready to yield on this. The official explained that the Constitution Bill could not have such a provision because as amending it was not easy. An amendment to the Constitution requires passage of the Bill by a two-thirds majority in each house of Parliament, and ratification by at least half the state legislatures.
The Constitution amendment Bill, which will pave the way for GST, is likely to be tabled in Parliament's winter session (but it will not have a compensation provision).
A draft Cabinet note on the amendment Bill has been prepared and will be circulated for an inter-ministerial consultation after Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has approved it.
"The fear over loss of revenue will remain for some time. It had happened at the time of the value-added tax (VAT) implementation as well. But all states eventually gained from it. So, in my view, both the Centre and states will gain from the broad-based structure of GST," said Sumit Dutt Majumder, former chairman of the Central Board of Excise & Customs and author of 'GST in India'.
Majumder said putting a sunset clause on the compensation had no meaning. The Centre could not say it would compensate for only three years even if some states made losses for longer.
"The Centre is committed to suitably compensating states through a legal mechanism. We are hopeful of an amicable resolution," said another finance ministry official who did not wish to be named. However, some manufacturing states like Gujarat, Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu fear incurring losses in the proposed destination-based tax. To allay their fears and to protect their revenues, the Centre is planning to keep alcohol out of the GST ambit, constitutionally. According to a revised draft of the Constitution amendment Bill, petroleum, though zero-rated, will be under GST because it is an input product. GST, a value-added tax, gives credit for taxes paid on inputs. If petroleum is kept out, it will break the chain for input credits.
However, since "alcohol is primarily a final product and states have revenue considerations, it can be kept out of GST". Tobacco, on which the Centre levies excise duty, and entry tax in lieu of octroi, will also be subsumed in GST.
Among other contentious issues were the GST council and the dispute-resolution authority proposed in the Constitution amendment Bill of 2011. At various meetings of the empowered committee of state finance ministers on GST, states opposed the authority and wanted changes in composition of the council to decide GST rates, exemptions and threshold limits, among other things.
"Changes will be made to the composition of the GST council proposed in the Bill of 2011, and the dispute-resolution authority will be dropped in the new version of the Bill," said one of the officials quoted earlier.
The Centre's concerns on the GST compensation issue, as well as those of states, stem from earlier disagreement over on the Central Sales Tax compensation. While states fear they will become dependent on the Centre for their own dues, the finance ministry's suspicion is that states might charge higher compensation on the pretext of something else "as they did in the case of CST".

Amazon & Future Group ink deal to sell goods online | Amazon gets a month for tax callAmazon and Future Group ink deal to sell goods online; starting with apparel
Sagar Malviya, ET Bureau Oct 13, 2014, 07.19AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(Both firms will also develop…)
MUMBAI: The world's largest online store Amazon and India's largest listed retailer Future Group have signed a deal to jointly sell goods over the Internet amid growing friction between online and offline retailers over heavy discounting.
Future Group will sell more than 45 own labels of apparel initially, followed by in-house brands in the home, electronics and food categories, while the US-headquartered company will handle order fulfillment and customer service for the merchandise on its portal. Both firms will also develop a new line of products across categories to be exclusively sold at Amazon and Future Group's retail stores. ET was the first to report, on October 3, that Amazon founder Jeff Bezos and Future Group's Kishore Biyani met in New Delhi to discuss an alliance.
"The deal is deeper than just transactional involvement with Amazon. We are exploring several synergies in data sharing, co-branding, crosspromotion and distribution network sharing through the partnership," confirmed Biyani, who has been quite vocal on whether ecommerce firms' deep discounting strategy makes business sense, suggesting that offering cheaper prices wouldn't help in the long run. "We are targeting gross merchandise sales of Rs 6,000 crore in next 3 years through the alliance," he added. The deal comes soon after Flipkart's Billion Day Sale on October 6 led to protests by traditional retailers that they were being hurt by the alleged predatory pricing.
The complaints by traditional retailers led to the government saying it would examine the policy on ecommerce. Following this, Amazon's October 10-16 Diwali Dhamaka Week has been a subdued affair with sharp discounts restricted to stock clearances and products only being sold on the site. Under the deal, Amazon and Future will also jointly develop discounting strategy and price tags on their products won't be very different from rates at stores so that both channels don't end up cannibalising each other.
In its home market, Amazon had similar alliances with retailers such as Target Corp and Toys R Us in the past decade though both soured over time once the online seller gained scale and attracted other large brands.
Following the India deal, Future Group's four dozen own brands such as Lee Cooper, John Miller and Indigo Nation will be taken off from other online marketplaces where they are currently being sold.
Amazon's agreement in India also indicates its aggressive intent to spread itself across many product areas quickly in India — especially foods — a relatively niche category for online retail, which it has only recently entered. In July, the US company announced it would invest $2 billion in India operations that exceeded gross merchandise sales of more than $1 billion within a year of its launch. It completed a year in June this year.
Meanwhile, it was reported recently that Amazon plans to open its first brick-and-mortar store in New York .
The company's main rivals in India are Bangalore-based Flipkart and Snapdeal, the latter a Delhi-based company that counts eBay , Azim Premji and Ratan Tata as investors.
Together, they have sold goods worth more than $4 billion, with Flipkart alone estimated to have crossed $2 billion. The battle is set to intensify. According to a report by consulting firm Technopak, the $2.3-billion e-tailing market is expected to swell to $32 billion by 2020 and account for 3% of the total Indian retail sector.
In the offline retail market, just three companies — Aditya Birla's Madura Garments, Arvind Brands and Future Group — either own or sell more than two dozen brands each, thus becoming the preferred options for any online player looking to partner retailers.
The move holds benefits for both sides, but there are pitfalls as well.
"The upside is Amazon getting instant product diversity and capability while Future Group can explore a new channel for sales," said Devangshu Dutta, chief executive at retail consultancy Third Eyesight. "However, if the business is not aligned in terms of orientation and customer service, then it could create issues going forward, especially when one of the biggest barriers for online sale is inconsistency of products." Future Group has more than 75 own brands that earn it at least 15% higher margins on average compared with national brands, which is why Biyani is bullish on private labels across categories. The tie-up means Future Group's brands that now have a presence in 98 cities and towns will be marketed to 19,000 PIN codes serviced by Amazon across India.
Industry insiders also said the Indian retailer's move reflects a bid to expand into new distribution channels such as ecommerce in the search for growth. Last month, Snapdeal agreed to create Croma's Flagship Store on its ecommerce portal to sell electronics items including mobiles, tablets and laptops.
The $3-billion Future Group, on its part, has opted for SAP's Hybris OmniCommerce solutions and plans to invest nearly Rs 100 crore to beef up its ecommerce venture. It is targeting about 20% of revenue from online sales over the next 18 months. By 2020, the aim is even higher — at 40% of its sales through ecommerce or virtual platforms.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sikka gets a thumbs up from Infosys employeesYou are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Employees at Infosys give thumbs up to CEO Vishal Sikka
Neha Alawadhi, ET Bureau Oct 13, 2014, 08.26AM IST
Tags:
Infosys
(On Friday however, Sikka…)
NEW DELHI: On the day of his first earnings presentation as the Chief Executive of Infosys, Vishal Sikka on Friday reached out to the employees through an hour long town hall address, and made several announcements that left many of them cheering for the new boss.
Infosys regularly conducts an annual employee satisfaction and feedback survey called "litmus", in association with a third party vendor. Employees have complained about very few of their suggestions seeing the light of day, and often fill out the survey as a formality. On Friday however, Sikka took to the Infosys stage and announced several initiatives, based on feedback from over a lakh employees.
Amongst the ones that got the biggest cheer was the relaxation of the dress code. "It was such a relief when he said "untie the knot". We have been asking them to do away with this tie rule forever now," said a Pune-based employee who has been working with Infosys for about eight years.
Sikka also said all employees, across job levels, would now have access to the Internet. This has also been a long-standing demand of the employees since Internet access at the workplace depended on job role or required additional approvals based on project requirement. Another initiative that got the thumbs up from the staff was that they would get access to Infosys' intranet, or internal network, from all personal mobiles and tablets.
He laid stress on simplifying internal processes, and empowering managers to make local financial decisions, and said more funds would be allocated for team awards every quarter.
A few days after taking over as CEO, Sikka sent an email to former employees, saying "I know I can look forward to our continued association and your support as an ambassador for Infosys". On Friday, he reiterated his stand and said Infosys would build a community for former Infoscians—as the company refers to its employees—and look to "hire them back".
Sikka spoke at length about the themes that dominated Infosys' second quarter earnings- automation and artificial intelligence. "He spoke about how companies such as Google and Facebook have shown how efficiency can be achieved using automation," said a Chandigarh-based employee.
Another theme that Sikka dwelled upon during the earnings call with analysts on Friday was that of reskilling employees and encouraging a creative, user-centred approach to problem-solving called d.thinking. When he addressed the employees, he stressed the need to focus on training and the need to go back to the Mysore training facility.
"Vishal is bringing the focus back to employees. You can gauge the change in our attitudes given the fact that I saw the town hall address even though I am on site, while most of us just deleted the town hall emails without a second glance for at least the past couple of years," said an employee who is currently based in the US at a client location.
FEATURED ARTICLES

No more stock options for Coca Cola India bo...Chief Executive Officer
(Over 50 executives of the…)
NEW DELHI: Some senior executives of Coca-Cola India , with stock options in the parent company, could see a cut in their long-term remuneration as the cola-maker replaces its stock option programme with a cash payout scheme for most of its managers, globally, in order to curb compensation.
Over 50 executives of the Indian arm hold options and about three-fourths of them are expected to be transferred to the cash payout scheme. A person familiar with the development said relatively junior and mid-level executives with fewer options and longer vesting periods will not mind the new cash awards scheme but senior managers with more options will see a reduction in their long term compensation as in their case, the annual cash bonus could be less than the value of their accumulated stock options.
A Coca-Cola spokesperson said in an email reply to ET: "The new equity stewardship guidelines do not change eligibility for long-term awards or the current compensation of employees. The change is in how those incentives are delivered and earned. Starting 2015, some employees currently eligible for longterm awards will begin receiving longterm incentives as performance cash awards instead of stock options." The spokesperson added that that most stock option holders exercise options for cash.
The move is in line with Coca-Cola reining in salaries across markets, after the beverage firm's biggest shareholder and billionaire investor Warren Buffett recently called the firm's pay packages "excessive". Buffett has, in the past, frequently equated pay plans that rely heavily on stock options, including that of Coca-Cola, as "lottery tickets" that generate outsized rewards. Search firms and industry observers say moving away from stock options at the top-level impacts not only compensation but employee retention too, though it benefits entry- and mid-level said Sangeeta Pal, senior partner at search firm Transearch .
Last week, the world's largest beverage maker had announced that it is curtailing its pay plan for executives. Coca-Cola said it will distribute the company's shares to a smaller group of executives, while the rest will be given cash payouts. Further details of the new compensation plan will be announced in the coming months. Coke's move to curb pay packages comes at a time when developed markets US and Europe are dealing with declining soda sales as consumers turn away from sugary drinks to healthier beverages. Coca-Cola had reported flat sales volumes in the US, its biggest market, in its last-declared April-June quarter earnings. The company has announced that it will increase global advertising by $1 billion over a three year period, up from $3.3 billion last year.
Last year, Coca-Cola chief executive officer Muhtar Kent's pay package — at $18.2 million — was 16% lower than the previous year, with Coca-Cola unable to meet its own growth targets amidst declining soda consumption in the US and other markets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

JSW Steel in talks of acquiring London MiningJSW Steel in advanced stages of acquiring London Mining
PTI Oct 12, 2014, 11.01AM IST
Tags:
european market
(JSW Steel is about $ 9 bn…)
NEW DELHI: Set to expand its global footprint, the country's third-largest steelmaker JSW Steel is close to acquiring embattled West African iron ore miner London Mining in a bid to secure raw material for its plant.
"JSW Steel is very close to finalising a deal to acquire London Mining which is battling big debts amid crashing iron-ore prices and the Ebola outbreak in Africa, where it operates a mine," a source privy to the information said.
The announcement of acquisition may be made on October 21 along with the financial results, the source said without divulging details of the deal or financial considerations.
Queries sent to the company about any possible acquisition of London Mining remained unanswered.
However, the Sajjan Jindal-led firm last week had said that it is open to expansions through acquisitions besides augmenting present capacities.
The statement had followed reports that the steel major is in advanced stages of acquiring London Mining.
"As a long term strategy, we would like to expand both organically by means of brownfield and greenfield expansions and inorganically by acquiring some existing assets," the company had said in a filing to the BSE.
It had said that the company kept on scanning suitable opportunities, which have a strategic fit.
The debt-ridden UK-firm London Mining operates a small mine in Sierra Leone producing high grade iron-ore but is expensive to run. Sierra Leone is one of the worst-affected African nations by the ebola pandemic.
JSW Steel is about $ 9 billion global conglomerate spread over six locations in India and a footprint that extends to the US, South America and Africa.
The flagship company of about $ 11 billion JSW Group , JSW Steel has steel plants in Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra with a combined installed capacity of 14.3 million tonnes per annum (MTPA) which it plans to take to 40 MTPA in the next decade.
Set to foray into European market with the acquisition of an Italian steel firm, JSW Steel has on its radar a handful of potential companies for takeover both in the space of steel making as well as raw material.
Last month Sajjan Jindal had said there are many such units which are potential takeover targets, adding, "We are looking at iron ore assets all over -- in Australia, Africa, North America and South America."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Typhoon Vongfong hits southern Japan  moves to main islandUpdated: October 13, 2014 09:25 IST
Typhoon Vongfong hits southern Japan, moves to main island
Reuters
Tweet
Reuters Waves crash as Typhoon Vongfong approaches Japan's main islands in Kuroshio Town.
Reuters A Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer image from NASA's Aqua satellite shows Typhoon Vongfong in the Pacific Ocean, approaching Japan's main islands on its northward journey on October 11, 2014.
TOPICS
cyclones
Typhoon Vongfong hit Japan's southern island Kyushu earlier on Monday and was expected to bear down on the main island Honshu later in the day, forcing the cancellation of hundreds of flights, Japan's NHK broadcaster said.
The strongest storm to hit Japan this year has forced the evacuation of about 450,000 people on the islands of Kyushu and Shikoku, as well as Okinawa which was hit by Vongfong on Sunday, according to NHK.
Vongfong battered the southern Japanese island of Okinawa, 600 km south of Tokyo, as well as Kyushu and Shikoku islands, injuring 52 people, NHK said.
On Sunday, wind-speeds weakened significantly on Saturday's peak of 234 kmh hour, which had made Vongfong into a “super typhoon”.
Japan Airlines Co spokesman said 92 flights connecting Japan's western cities and the eastern cities of Osaka and Tokyo had been cancelled.
ANA Holdings Inc also cancelled flights flying in and out of the southern cities, according to ANA website.
A major baseball game in Osaka city between the Orix Buffaloes and the Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters for the Pacific League playoff was also postponed, the first time a Nippon Professional Baseball playoff game was cancelled due to a typhoon.

Asian stocks tumble to 7-month lows on growth anxietyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Day after Hudhud   Andhra and Odisha step up relief workThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Gold futures settle lower 0.29% to USD 1 221Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Bargain buying lifts Oil futuresThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Gold climbs as global concerns stoke safe-haven bidsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rupee opens marginally higher at 61.28 per dollarThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Markets see a gap-down opening; Nifty at 7 800Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India seems poised for recoveryThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Future Retail  Amazon India enter into strategic partnershipFuture Group, Amazon India announce strategic e-commerce alliance
BS Reporter | New Delhi Oct 14, 2014 12:47 AM IST
From being dismissive about the potential of e-commerce in India to joining hands with the sector, leading 'brick and mortar' retailing entities seem to have had a change of thinking on the former.
Kishore Biyani's Future Group has made a tie-up with Amazon to sell its private labels in the fashion category. Last month, Tata Group’s Croma entered into an alliance with Snapdeal.
The tie-up of Amazon and Future comes right after Jeff Bezos, founder-head of the former, visited the country and met Biyani. The partnership will be extended to other categories over time. Future will use the Amazon platform to sell its private labels such as Lee Cooper, Converse, Indigo Nation, Scullers and Jealous21, among others. The company has a portfolio of about 40 brands.
AMAZING FUTURE?
Fashion and food will be the first of Future labels to be sold through Amazon
Future Group recently announced a tie-up with SAP company ‘hybris’ for its omni-channel strategy that allows the group to converge its digital and physical channels
Omni-channel strategy is set to go live after Diwali and is a retail strategy or extension of its physical stores
The strategy will work simultaneously along with retailing on e-commerce partner
As part of the omni-strategy, group’s electronics format, Ezone, is expected to go online first, followed by food chain Foodhall and hypermarket chain Big Bazaar
Amazon India's vice-president and country manager, Amit Agarwal, said the combination was a “win-win for all”. Biyani said it would help the retailer promote its own private labels.
ALSO READ:  DIPP to seek competition watchdog's views on discount sale by e-tailers
Last week, Biyani had criticised Flipkart and other e-commerce companies for the deep discounts offered in its Diwali-eve sales. Amazon did not follow the flash sale/discount policy of Flipkart and Snapdeal and went easy when it came to offering discounts during its Diwali sale.
The partnership between Snapdeal & Croma or Amazon and Future is not one between two retailers but of vendor and technology platforms offering technology and logistics services. This will help in the growth of new brands and private labels, said Arvind Singhal, chairman of Technopak, the management consultants.
However, even after entering into the Amazon partnership, Biyani was sceptical about the euphoria around e-commerce. “The mindspace they (e-commerce players) have occupied is far larger than their share of the market,” he'd said in a recent interaction with Business Standard.
Experts say the association of Future with Amazon is important. It establishes that leading brick and mortar retailers cannot be dismissive about e-commerce players, which have become a brand in the online space. Despite their own omni-channel strategy, an association with e-commerce players has become important because of the latter's logistics expertise and consumer reliance on the brand, said Singhal.
It is also a crucial step for Amazon, to grow into the much-sought fashion category. It currently lags Flipkart and Snapdeal in the assortment of products, number of sellers and brands, etc. Fashion is the focus category for most e-commerce companies because of its high margins and growing demand. Amazon, unlike Flipkart, Myntra or Jabong, does not have its own private labels in India.
The next category for partnership could be food. Amazon recently also entered the non-perishable foods category, offering ready-to-eats and like products online. Future has similar plans to expand into food brands. It is set to launch Sunkist, a beverage range, beside three new foods brands —Karmiq, So Fresh and Veg Affair.
“Each of these will have its own range. Veg Affair will be ready-to-eat frozen vegetables, including peas and carrots. Karmiq is for canola oil and other such products, as well as dry fruits,"Biyani recently told Business Standard.
Future operates some of India’s most popular retail chains, including Central, Big Bazaar, Foodhall, Planet Sports, Brand Factory, Home Town and eZone. The group operates around 17 million sq ft of retail space in  98 cities and towns, and 40 rural locations.
Its retail formats attract about 300 million customers annually and connect them to around 30,000 small, medium and large enterprises. Amazon started its e-commerce operations in 2013 and is a leading contender for the top position in India's growing e-commerce market.

Indian share markets open weakThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Why Sony owns SpidermanWhy Marvel Studios doesn't own Spider-Man
By Frank Pallotta   @frankpallotta October 8, 2014: 6:45 PM ET
Spider-Man is one of Marvel's biggest brands, so why does Sony Pictures own the rights?
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
This news had fans speculate that the web-slinger may be on his way to Marvel Studios's cinematic universe, which has produced big blockbusters, such as "The Avengers" and "Guardians of the Galaxy."
Yet, the too good to be true rumors seem to be exactly that.
"Why would the company even think of selling the character that is among its most reliable earners? Answer: it would not," wrote Slashfilm's Russ Fischer . "You might want to see Marvel Studios produce an 'Avengers 2' that features Spider-Man, but it ain't happening."
While the latest film in the series, 2014's "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" struggled domestically, it brought in $708 million worldwide, showcasing its global profitability as a franchise for Sony.
And since Sony is in need of more big-screen franchises , it makes very little sense to share Spidey.
Yet, how did Sony get one of Marvel's biggest brands in the first place?
The first thread of that web begins in the mid-eighties.
In 1985, superhero movies weren't considered solid box office bets as they are today, so even though Spider-Man was incredibly popular most studios passed on making a film on him.
"When Marvel put the feature film rights up for sale in 1985, there were few takers," wrote Michael A. Hiltzik for the LA Times in 2002 . "Hollywood was bored with superheroes. The Superman franchise, launched to huge success in 1979, appeared to have suffered premature arteriosclerosis with the release of the dreary 'Superman III' in 1983."
Eventually a small studio, Cannon Films, bought Spider-Man's film rights and tried to produce a film based on the comic.
However, Cannon Films went bankrupt and the character changed hands several times.
Litigation over ownership kept the wall-crawler off the screen and in court for years.
It wasn't until 1999 when Marvel finally reclaimed the film rights, which it then sold to Sony Pictures for a reported $7 million .
In 2002, Peter Parker and his alter-ego finally hit the big screen.
The Sony-owned Columbia Picture's "Spider-Man" became a huge blockbuster raking in $114 million in its opening weekend (a record at the time) and grossing $821 million worldwide . It also arguably revitalized the superhero film genre we see today.
Related: Why Hollywood's dismal summer won't matter
Marvel too waded into the game and started to release it's own films with "Iron Man" in 2008.
In 2009, Disney ( DIS ) bought the company and both have utilized the genre to great critical and box office success ( $4.5 billion worldwide since 2012) all without your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man.
"Clearly we would prefer everything be at home, so to speak," Marvel Studios chief Kevin Feige told Wired in 2012 . "But we are more than comfortable with the way things stand now, because it worked out pretty well, right?"
Marvel Studios declined to comment and Sony Pictures did not return calls for comment.
First Published: October 8, 2014: 4:50 PM ET
Most Popular

Modi can replicate Gujarat success at Centre  feels BarclaysModi can replicate Gujarat success at Centre, feels Barclays
Mahua Venkatesh  New Delhi, October 10, 2014
First Published: 23:48 IST(10/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:21 IST(11/10/2014)
Comments
British multinational banking giant Barclays on Friday said that it was unfair to judge the NDA government on the basis of just 100 days.
“To judge a government and its performance on the basis of 100 days or 120 days is unfair, more times needs to be given, expectations are very high from and if things don’t change in the next one and half to two years, there will be discomfort for investors,” Kevin Wall, chairman, corporate banking,  UK, Barclays told HT.
Wall said that “the mood was incredibly positive” and there was hope that Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be able to deliver the same at the centre that he did in Gujarat as the chief minister.
With the government easing foreign direct investment (FDI) norms in various sectors and the newly launched Make in India campaign, there will be a further boost of FDI from the UK, Wall said, adding that Barclays would follow its customers. “India is a critical market for us,” he said.
At present, Barclays in India have 1,500 employees, of whom 1,000 are in the back office — the administration and support department of a company.
Wall, however, said that Barclays has no plans to enter the retail segment. “The Indian banks are very strong and have huge networks, so it is naïve for us to come in … you either need to acquire or partner with a domestic bank to make it a success and then it would require huge capital,” he said.

Devendra Pathak: Meet the soldier who keeps Pakistan in checkBSF
(Pathak, in the twilight…)
NEW DELHI: Devendra Kumar Pathak did not get much sleep on the three nights he spent at the border in Jammu & Kashmir earlier this week. Besides being alongside his men inside border outposts as bullets rained across the frontier, the director-general of Border Security Force (BSF) got encouraging calls from Prime Minister Narendra Modi , exhorting him to return fire with fire.
Pathak, in the twilight of his long career in the Indian Police Service, much of which has been spent fighting terrorism and insurgency in Jammu & Kashmir and Assam, is now the man fighting Modi's 'war' with Pakistan on the international border. Although cross-border violations are nothing new, the sheer intensity has made many rate the ongoing skirmish as the worst in a decade.
And much of the action this time has been along the international border, which BSF guards, rather than the Line of Control ( LoC ) overseen by the army.
"We have decided we will give Pakistan a thrashing for their misadventure this time. We have given them a very solid pounding and the loss on the other side is very heavy," Pathak told ET on Friday. "We have fired many more times the rounds Pakistan has fired. They have been silenced."
With his tenure set to last until February 2016 in the post, Pathak is the key man for Modi as things are expected to be on edge at the border given the new, aggressive strategy of engagement.
Incidentally, Pathak was the UPA govt's choice for BSF directorgeneral this April. Top sources in the new government said there could not be a better candidate for the key job given his years of experience on both the frontiers that BSF guards — those with Pakistan and Bangladesh.
Rajnath sent Pathak to Jammu
Hailing from Bihar, he joined the IPS in 1979 at 23 in the Assam-Meghalaya cadre and held charge of four districts as senior superintendent of police (SSP) in the two states at the height of the insurgency there. At the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF), he was entrusted with raising the elite, specialist anti-Naxal force CoBRA (Commando Battalion for Resolute Action).
It is, however, his deep knowledge of Jammu & Kashmir that is coming in handy for the government amid the unprecedented crisis on the western front. Pathak was CRPF inspector general in Srinagar as well as CRPF special director-general of the Jammu & Kashmir zone before he shifted to BSF last year as special director and then became DG.
"I do know Pakistan and J&K well," he told ET. "That is why I feel though Pakistan has stopped firing today, you never know what will happen tomorrow. After all, they broke their earlier promise from August to not resort to unprovoked firing."
Home minister Rajnath Singh told Pathak to rush to Jammu on October 6 after firing intensified on the eve of Eid. Sources said Modi spoke to Pathak on multiple occasions while he was in Jammu, exhorting him to raise the morale of his forces and hit back with heavy retaliatory fire.
"It is rare for a PM to speak directly to the BSF chief... Usually the home minister or the home secretary remain in touch with the DG. But this time, from national security advisor Ajit Doval to the home minister and the PM, he was the direct go-to man," one of the persons said.
Pathak declined to reveal what Modi told him. "The PM and defence minister made a public statement on our response," he said. He, however, said that spending tense nights in border outposts with his men and visiting all sectors on the international border was a conscious decision. "You have to do this to show the men that their DG is alongside them. It boosts their morale," he said. On one such night, while Pathak was at an outpost in RS Pura, India fired at 65 Pakistani border outposts inside 15 minutes.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Spotted: Saif  Ileana  Kalki at trailer launchCelebrity
Saif Ali Khan, Ileana D'Cruz, Kalki Koechlin, Ranvir Shorey At Happy Ending Trailer Launch
The Happy Ending movie trailer was launched recently. The movie features Saif Ali Khan, Ileana D'Cruz, Kalki Koechlin and Ranvir Shorey in pivotal roles. We bring you the cute photos!
Fri 10 Oct, 2014 2:13 PM IST
Latest Galleries
Prev Next
Saif Ali Khan who plays the main lead (a flamboyant writer) dressed up in casuals- a black tee, denims and a watch.
Saif Ali Khan who plays the main lead (a flamboyant writer) dressed up in casuals- a black tee, denims and a watch.
Recommend

Fixing the economy: 6 bullets that Modi govt must biteprint
At a recent investors summit, PM Narendra Modi spoke about how investment worth $100 billion was waiting to come in from the US, Japan and China. It is for the states to seize this opportunity, he said at that meeting.
Since becoming PM, Modi has tried to talk up confidence among investors and business — by announcing the “Make In India” campaign; by interacting with CEOs on his trips to Japan and the US; and by affirming how he is committed to getting India’s economy back on track. These sound bites do send out the right signals to local and foreign investors but if Modi wants to spur investments, boost growth and create jobs, his government will have to bite some bullets, many of them not sugarcoated.
Business lobbies have a laundry list of the policies they want changed — that’s pretty much everything since Independence! Here is a shorter to-do list that may be more pragmatic to hope for but still fraught with risks.
Resetting diesel prices. Instead of subsidising oil companies, the government should use the latest fall in global crude oil prices to let the market decide diesel pricing. That would slash subsidies, help reduce the fiscal deficit and align fuel prices with global levels. Risk: When crude oil prices rise, market-linked pricing would mean higher costs for consumers and even stoke inflation — not an ideal situation for winning elections.
Privatising key PSUs. If Modi really believes that the government has no business being in business, he should walk the talk by privatising both Air India and Coal India — the former is a bleeding mess (accumulated losses: Rs. 30,000 crore) that has consistently lost market-share; and the latter, a near monopoly, is run badly and delivers poor-quality coal. Selling them off, especially a big stake in Coal India, can go a long way in bridging the fiscal gap. Risk: Finding a buyer for the battered airline won’t be easy; and the coal conglomerate’s strong trade unions may be a showstopper.
Fixing a faulty PDS. India’s public distribution system for food-grain and other essentials is a leaky mess. Intended to benefit the poor (a third of the population is below the poverty line), it ends up being exploited by the unscrupulous. If the government wants to ensure that the right people get the benefit of the Food Security Act, it should implement a direct cash transfer system that is foolproof. Risk: None really, because the Aadhar ID network and the Jan Dhan banking scheme can combine to ensure that benefits reach the poor.
Revising gas prices. Natural gas prices (around $4 a unit) have not been revised since 2004 and a move to double the rate is stuck in litigation. India’s oil and gas import bill last year was $145 billion. While India is oil-deficit, it has gas reserves that could meet demand for the next 25 years. But investors in gas production would want prices that are worth it; at $4 they aren’t. Risk: Higher gas prices will push up fertiliser prices and gas-based power tariffs, dealing a dual blow — a bigger subsidy bill for the government and higher inflation.
Simplifying land buying. Large projects that can generate employment get mired in land acquisition laws. Poor compensation, ambiguous title deeds, environment issues and social concerns are hurdles faced by industry. Simpler, yet equitable and environment-friendly land buying rules can ease such impediments. Risk: It is a formidable task to ensure simplicity, equity and environmental balance and can turn into a political battlefield between the Centre and the states.
Making it one market. The Goods and Services Tax, which would make India a common market by doing away with varying rates of local tax, is the single-biggest indirect tax reform that can make things easier for business. Risk: Can’t happen without a consensus among states, which fear it will rob them of their powers to control their exchequers.
Those are just six bullets. There are plenty more. But biting these could be a beginning.

This honour a sad commentary on lack of freedom: KailashKailash Satyarthi
( For instance in 2006,…)
For most Indians, Kailash Satyarthi, 60, was a surprise choice for the Nobel Peace Prize , but the child rights activist doesn't hold a grudge against his country for the lack of recognition. Ironically, the honour has come at a time when the new central government seems deeply suspicious of social activists. Satyarthi says he'll work towards bridging the gap between the state and civil society. Excerpts:
Were you expecting this honour?
Not really. I knew that I had been nominated a few times before this, but I did not expect it so suddenly and, that too, today (smiles). For instance in 2006, many foreign agencies had parked outside my office expecting me to win the Peace Prize. Then I was, kind of, expecting it. But this time, there was complete silence before the announcement.
Do you know who nominated you for Nobel Prize this time?
I am not exactly sure who all nominated me this time. But Senator Tom Harkins, who has been the champion of child rights acitivism in the US Congress, was one of them. He has nominated me a couple of times before as well. He's been a big strength for me in my fight against child labour.
What are the thought going through your head as this honour sinks in?
This prize will definitely make the issue of child rights even more important now. More importantly, I hope this honour will change the paradigm of stardom from being just about people who act and act well to those who work on the ground. This will give strength to ordinary activists fighting against child labour and exploitation in my country and globally.
Can you describe the moment or episode that brought you into this field?
When I was about five years old I remember seeing a cobbler and his son, who was probably on my age, sitting outside my school. I was disturbed by this. One day I mustered the courage to ask the cobbler why he doesn't send his son to school. He said, "Babuji, hum toh kaam karne ke liye paida hue hain" (Sir, we are born to work).
That made me angry. I am still angry today even though I am peace laureate now. Why are few children allowed to have dreams, aspirations, career and future and others not?
Does it bother you that you received recognition internationally and not as much in india?
Not really. I love my people in India.
Isn't this honour also at a level a sad commentary on the state of affairs in India, an indictment of Indian society?
Child labour is not a problem exclusive to India. I work in 144 countries gainst this. You could say that this honour is a sad commentary on everyone who talks of freedom, humanity, education and childhood.
Have you spoken to Malala? Do you plan to work with her closely?
I spoke to Malala a little while ago. I've known her for quite some time and met her last in Netherlands with her family. I have suggested that now, apart from our own issues, we have to also work on the issue of peace. We have to see that no child is born or grows up in an environment of fear and violence in my country and in Pakistan.
The new government in India is extremely suspicious of activists and the NGO sector? Is that a right stance to adopt?
I can't say anything about this right now. Let me first talk to the government on this.
Do you think the NGO sector in India is guilty of overreach?
It depends. There is very strong need for the civil society sector everywhere in the world. No government can ignore them. So the onus of responsibility is on both the government and activists.
On hand, the government has to respect the NGOs and civil society who are doing great work and inspiring others to do the same. On the other hand, the civil society must also realize it's equally important to work constructively on social issues. I'll try to bridge the gap between the state and the non-state actors in my country and across the world.
What are your expectations from the country's new Prime Minister.
The PM, as a child, was disciplined and fond of cleanliness. So, as the head of the state he has now initiated the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan. He also sold tea as a kid. He was also a child labourer. So, I am sure he also feels equally strongly about the issue of child rights and will definitely do something about it.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why Patrick Modiano winning Nobel in Literature irks someWhy Patrick Modiano winning the Nobel in Literature would exasperate some
By Indrajit Hazra, ET Bureau | 12 Oct, 2014, 04.00AM IST
0
Share More
By picking the French writer for the Literature Nobel, the Swedish Academy wants us to choose something on the menu most of us haven’t tried before
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Patrick Modiano. Blank. Patrick Modiano. Blank again after which a Google search follows.
With some basic information about this year's Nobel laureate in Literature under your belt, you make an obligatory crack about the surname of the Nobel Prizewinning French writer 'whom no one has heard of' linking it to that of our prime minister. A few of you may make the connection of 'Modiano' with a great Italian artist famous for his portraits of women with elongated, swan-like necks. But that you keep to yourself because airing it would only make you come across as an arty-farty smart-assed twat.
At least unlike Tomas Transtromer, the Swedish poet who won the Lit Nob in 2011 — whose name you can vaguely remember (wrongly) because you had watched the film Transformers in 2007 — Modiano is easy to remember.
But the choice of Patrick Modiano as Nobel laureate once again exasperates and befuddles you at the same time. Why has the Nobel Academy , again, gone 'art house' and chosen someone that 'no one has heard of '? Especially when the bookies this year provided the option of the muchtranslated-into-English, much-distributed, muchsold and much-loved Haruki Murakami as a favourite, along with the Kenyan Booker International prizewinning Ngugi wa Thiong'o, whom the media via the bookies (or is it always the other way round?) made wellknown as a Nobel contender before...
...Patrick Modiano closed the deal on Thursday.
So what tender mischief is the Swedish Academy up to each year? If it was consistently an "obscure" writer who got the Lit Nob every year, at least you would have figured out by now that the gong is something they give "obscure" writers — the way most of you would look at, say, Sahitya Akademi Award winners. That is, writers whom you have 'never heard of'.
But no. The Lit Nob does get all 'normal' from time to time. As if deciding to rub shoulders with "normal literary readers" some years, it decides to award folks you 'know': Alice Munro (2013), Mario Vargas Llosa (2010), Doris Lessing (2007, the year of the first Transformers movie), Orhan Pamuk (2006), Harold Pinter (2005), JM Coetzee (2003) and VS Naipaul (2001), if you stick to the 21st century. The chances of you following the writing career of 2000 laureate Gao Xingjian or 2004 winner Elfriede Jelinek are slim.
India, Too
Trying to find out the algorithm that picks Lit Nob winners being impossible, you stick to more certain things. Like knowing the books on the Booker Prize long list, and then the books on the Booker Prize short list, and finally knowing the book that wins the Booker.
Ditto, to a lesser extent, with the Pulitzer and homegrown book awards such as the Crossword Book Awards and The Hindu Best Fiction Award — even as the Sahitya Akademi Awards go into a blind spot because the language-specificity of the award categories make the prizes smack of 'quota' even though there is plenty of quality. (2013 awards for Hindi, Punjabi and Tamil literature went to Mridula Garg, Manmohan and RN Joe D'Cruz, names even more 'nobody has heard of' in India than Patrick Modiano.)
But why does the Nobel going to someone 'nobody has heard of' feel so much more irksome than when someone 'nobody has heard of' gets a Sahitya Akademi Award, or, for that matter, even a Nobel in Chemistry?
It's because of two things: One, our expectations and understanding of the Nobel Prize in Literature.
Two, our inability to think of deserving writers beyond the ambit of books available in the English language. ( Just imagine if 1999 Lit Nob laureate Gunter Grass was not translated into English.)
First, the Literature Nobel category itself. Along with the Peace Prize (simply note the ruckus over the Satyarthi-Malala 'Indo-Pak' prize) everyone and their donkey have an opinion about who should and shouldn't get the Lit Nob — quite unlike the lack of interest or speculative knowledge about who should win the Nobel for Physics, Chemistry, Medicine and Economics. Only taste marks the quality of the reader-as-a-Lit Nob punter, not domain knowledge.
But then, this is how the Lit Nob Prize winner is distilled and chosen: The Swedish Academy (motto: 'Talent and Taste') comprises 18 members, all of whom are Swedish. These 18 people of refined literary taste choose five writers among those nominated by members of various literature academies (along with the Swedish Academy itself ) and societies across the world (including the Sahitya Akademi), literature and language professors, former Nobel winners and presidents of writers' organizations.

Brazils election: in face-off with Mantega  Fraga disappointsSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Perfect start for Atletico de KolkataUpdated: October 12, 2014 23:55 IST
Perfect start for Atletico de Kolkata
Amitabha Das Sharma
Atletico de Kolkata's Fikru Teferra Lemessa (centre) is all set to jink the ball over the Mumbai City custodian Subroto Paul and score the very first goal in the inaugural ISL match in Kolkata on Sunday. — PHOTO: SUSHANTA PATRONOBISH
SLIDESHOW
soccer
The hosts conjured up a delectable passing game while Mumbai clearly missed Anelka and Ljungberg
Living up to expectations, the Indian Super League football got off to a cracker of a start as Atletico de Kolkata (ATK) blanked Mumbai City FC (MCFC) 3-0 in a well contested opener at the Salt Lake Stadium here on Sunday.
Pitted against the country’s regular inter-club engagement — I-League — the ISL lung-opener provided relief from the usual odium related to domestic football. A packed 68,000 capacity stadium cheered and enjoyed the contest as the big-budget tournament launched a host of foreign professionals gleaned from across the globe.
Fikru Teferra Lemessa had his name etched in the history of Indian football as the first goal scorer of the inaugural fixture of the ISL. The 28-year-old Ethiopian striker produced the perfect finish to a breezy attack in the 27th minute.
Inspired by its marquee player Luis Garcia, ATK conjured up a delectable passing game that said a lot about the Spanish influence in the team.
Having sourced most of its foreign imports, including Garcia, on the inputs gained from its Spanish parent Atletico Madrid, ATK showed better organisation at the start and consolidated its advantage gaining the lead near the half-hour mark.
The host looked to have done its preparation well under the former Bolivia and Valencia coach Antonio Habas, who strung together a nice combination that drew its strength from the creativity of the former World Cupper Garcia and former Real Madrid midfielder Borja Fernandez.
Mumbai FC definitely missed the services of its two star acquisitions — Frenchman Nicolas Anelka and former Swedish captain Fredrik Ljungberg — who sat out of the opener owing to suspension and injury respectively.
Mumbai City FC’s English coach Peter Reid used the alternatives to spruce up the attack but his attempt did not bear fruit as the host pounced on the visitor’s weakness. The ATK attacks flowed more freely as Fernandez and Garcia combined well in the middle to feed the offensive.
The first goal remained a product of Garcia’s ingenuity as he located an advancing Lemessa with a perfect through pass, which the latter finished with a nice chip over the MCFC goalkeeper Subrata Paul.
The visitor tried to come back in the first half but the lone striker — Argentine Diego Fernando Nadaya — could not make much of an impact against some good defending from ATK.
Borja gave ample proof of his class when he curved a long-ranger past Paul in the 69t minute to make it the most spectacular finish of the match. Young striker Arnal Llibert, who replaced Garcia in the 87th, did not wish to be left out of the jamboree and slotted home an assist from Lemessa in added-time to make it a perfect start for the host.

Multiplex major Cinepolis in talks to buy Fun RepublicMultiplex major Cinepolis in talks to buy Fun Republic
Reghu Balakrishnan | Mumbai Oct 13, 2014 12:50 AM IST
After the backing out of private equity (PE) major Everstone Capital from talks to acquire Fun Republic, it's now the turn of Mexican multiplex giant Cinepolis.
Sources say Cinepolis is in advanced talks with the management of Fun Republic for a buyout. It is learnt a term sheet (a preliminary to a final agreement) has been signed.
Fun Cinemas, promoted by E-City Ventures (part of the Essel Group), currently operates 87 screens across 17 cities in India. The group also has a single screen division that is run under the name E-City Digital Cinema. Fun Republic currently operates four lifestyle malls, in Mumbai, Chandigarh, Lucknow and Coimbatore. Atul Goel, son of Laxmi Goel, younger brother of Subhash Chandra, runs E-City Ventures as managing director.
EXPANSION PLANS
Fun Cinemas, promoted by E-City Ventures (part of the Essel Group), currently operates 87 screens across 17 cities in India
According to sources, the deal size could be about Rs 300 crore
According to reports, Cinepolis, which runs 100 screens in India, plans to invest Rs 1,200 crore to increase the screen count to 400 by 2017
According to sources, the deal size could be about Rs 300 crore. E-City Ventures is keen for 15 times the Ebitda (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation) as valuation against the industry standard of eight to nine times, sources said. PE firm Everstone, which had signed a term sheet and is in advanced talks with Fun, had backed out last month. The reason is not known.
Mails sent to the spokesperson of Cinepolis and to Atul Goel did not elicit any response till the time of going to press.
Cinepolis currently operates at Ahmedabad, Amritsar, Bangalore, Bhopal, Hubli, Jaipur, Ludhiana, Mangalore, Mumbai, Patna, Pune, Surat and Thane. It has 18 screens in Gujarat. According to reports, the multiplex chain, which runs about 100 screens in India, plans to invest around Rs 1,200 crore to increase the screen count to 400 by 2017. Cinepolis plans to expand its presence in all big cities, and in the National Capital Region. And, add screens in tier-II and tier-III cities.
Founded in 1971, Mexico-based Cinepolis began operations in India in 2009, at Amritsar. Currently, it is the world's fourth-largest movie theatre circuit and operates 3,500 screens in 11 countries. From being the 15th operator at the time of entry, Cinepolis has grown to fifth-largest multiplex entity in India. Cinepolis is also the worldwide pioneer of the first luxury cinema concept, Cinepolis VIP, launched in 1999.
Strong consolidation has been seen in the Indian multiplex sector since 2012. The latest acquisition was in July, when INOX Leisure acquired Delhi-headquartered Satyam Cineplexes for Rs 182 crore. In July, South India-based Carnival Cinemas had acquired HDIL's multiplex chain, Broadway Cinema, for Rs 110 crore. Another deal in the market is Reliance's Big Cinemas, where PE majors and multiplex ones such as PVR, INOX and Carnival Cinemas are in discussions.

Coalgate: Banks may be hit by Rs. 3L-cr in bad loansComments
Indian banks are bracing for the fallout of the coal block allocation scam.
As the government gears up to pursue the issue of reallcocation of coal blocks after the Supreme Court judgement last month, banks are staring at the possibility of most of their Rs. 3 lakh crore exposure to the sector turning into non-performing assets (NPAs) — loans that do not yield returns.
The apex court last month cancelled 214 blocks allocated since 1993.
According to a note sent to the coal ministry by the finance ministry, “if coal is not made available to the companies/project as per the sanctions or arrangements, it will seriously impact the asset quality of the loan accounts, rendering them NPAs.”
This would deprive banks of their interest income and may call for additional provisioning, the note said.
The banking sector has exposure of rs. 5.01 lakh crore to the power sector. The exposure has grown from 4.3% of non-food credit in March 2008 to 8.83% in the June 2014. “During the same period the banks had financed many new power projects, which may be negatively impacted by the SC verdict,” the analysis said. “If these project fail to take off, banks will have to either write-off or classify them as NPA.”
The finance ministry is keeping a close watch on the situation. Banks have been directed to come up with concrete alternative plans to ensure that the impact of such NPAs, if any, is minimal and there is no further pressure on the asset quality of the banks.
An internal research by the State Bank of India projected the total demand for coal in the country at 787 million tonnes for 2014-15.
“There is should not be any major concern, as the government has assured supplies  would not be disrupted... if the issue is addressed appropriately, there should be no major impact on lenders, though there could be some temporary setback,” Soumya Kanti Ghosh, chief economic adviser, SBI told HT.
Last month, the Supreme Court ordered the cancellation of 214 coal blocks. Forty-six of these have been given six months to wind up their businesses — of these, six had just got permission to open mines, while 40 had begun production.
Axis Bank, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Yes Bank among others are assessing the impact of the verdict on their assets.
India’s banking industry has witnessed a surge in the level of NPAs in recent months. Bad loans touched Rs. 2,45,809 crore in 2013-14 from Rs. 1,83,854 crore in 2012-13 and Rs. 1,37,102 crore in 2011-12.

Ranbir-Katrina to ring in Diwali together in ThailandComments
Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif’s next big film with director Anurag Basu seems to be hitting too many roadblocks with shoots constantly going off track. But this time, in spite of his recent nose surgery and consequent hospitalisation, Ranbir and Katrina have made sure that nothing plays spoilsport to their Diwali plans or the outdoor shoot schedule of the film.
While Bollywood’s new ‘it’ couple Katrina Kaif and Ranbir Kapoor are rarely spotted together, paparazzi caught the two leaving filmmaker Karan Johar’s latest star bash together on Friday night at 2am. (HT Photo/ Yogen Shah)
The rumoured couple will be shooting in Thailand. “Ranbir and Katrina will celebrate Diwali in Thailand. The next schedule is during that time, and they will be leaving on October 22,” reveals a source.
Also read: Ranbir, Katrina to spend a month in Thailand for Jagga Jasoos
The makers are planning to complete a major portion of the shoot during this schedule. “Though no one knows now they are going to stay in Thailand, they would most likely finish off most of the film in this schedule,” says the source. The actors remained unavailable for comment.
The football super league, where Ranbir has his own team playing, is also set to commence around this time. The actor is believed to be trying to take time out of his tight shoot schedule to cheer his team when they play.

How falling crude oil prices will benefit IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections
How falling crude oil prices will benefit India
ET Bureau Oct 13, 2014, 10.24AM IST
Tags:
Crude oil
(According to global brokerage…)
The slide in crude oil prices to four-year lows is a huge positive for India as the country depends on imports for more than threefourths of its consumption. It is expected to help improve pivotal macroeconomic indicators such as current account and fiscal deficit besides giving a fillip to energy firms, tyre makers and consumer companies.
India's net imports of crude oil amount to about a billion barrels every year. So, if crude oil prices average about $100 per barrel in the current fi scal (vs about $106 per barrel in the fi rst six months of the fi nancial year), the country's import bill will fall by $10 billion (about Rs 61,000 crore), which is close to one-third of the current account defi cit or CAD in 2013-14. Analysts say that if crude oil averages at $100 per barrel this fi scal, India's CAD will reduce to 1.3% of GDP from 1.7% in the previous year.
Cooling crude prices will also help bring down fuel underrecoveries (cost of selling LPG & kerosene below cost), lowering the government's share in the total under-recoveries and, therefore, resulting in narrowing of fi scal defi cit.
According to global brokerage CLSA, oil under-recoveries are likely to decline 40% in FY15, compared to the previous fiscal, to Rs 83,500 crore and a further 20% in the next fi scal to Rs 66,600 crore due to the fall in crude oil prices. PSUs such as HPCL , BPCL and IOC are set to gain as cheaper crude will reduce their working capital requirement, thus reducing their dependence on subsidy payout from the government. Tyre makers can look forward to an improvement in margins since 25-35% of their raw material is based on crude oil. Similarly, consumer companies will benefi t from lower cost of packaging, which is derived from crude oil.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RIL launches internal constitution | Likely to report flat Q2You are here: Home > Collections > Ril
First time in 38 years! RIL launches internal constitution RMS to adopt next generation practices
Baiju Kalesh & Sabarinath M, ET Bureau Oct 13, 2014, 07.55AM IST
Tags:
David Oxley
(RIL unveiled the new framework…)
MUMBAI: Reliance Industries (RIL) has formally launched an internal constitution known as Reliance Management Services (RMS) to define processes and policies for the first time in its 38-year-old history as India's largest private sector company looks to embrace next generation practices.
RIL unveiled the new framework before 150 top executives at a function held at Chairman Mukesh Ambani's South Mumbai home Antilla on October 6. As part of RMS, the company also unveiled a series of human resource initiatives including steps to promote the wellness of employees and simplify policies.
A Reliance spokesperson confirmed the launch of RMS but declined to provide details. The sevenhour function saw David Oxley , BP's senior vice-president who oversees an HR transformation programme at RIL, setting the tone by posing questions to Ambani on the reasons for initiating change.
"Oxley asked simple and quick questions. Mukesh Ambani presented his views," said a person who is aware of the development. BP has a stake in RIL's hydrocarbon blocks.
The new system clearly defines the critical policies, processes and execution measures for segments ranging from topics such as HR management to risk management.
RMS clearly spells out what needs to be done within a specified time. For instance, the new framework provides guidelines on the delegation of authority and clearly explains how it should percolate from top to bottom. Similarly, it also explains the processes to detect risks easily and quickly.
The launch of management system RMS will accelerate the pace at which contemporary HR practices are put in place.
Apart from implementing a five-day week last year, RIL has set in motion a series of fresh HR initiatives. Prabir Jha, who joined from the Tatas to head RIL's human resources function, is spearheading the new initiatives.
These changes are meant to simplify policies, encourage education, promote wellness of employees and reward talent at various levels. The new changes, among other things, include discontinuation of service bonds and extension of maternity leave for six months.
RMS, which was conceptualised out of the learnings from the business transformation initiative launched in 2011, will reshape RIL's practices at various levels and inform decision-making from top to bottom, sources said.
"Interestingly, the genesis of this transformation is rooted in a deep spirit of entrepreneurship ," said Sangeeta Singh, partner, HR consultancy firm Sanguine Consultants and former partner (HR) at KPMG. "So professionals within are innovating with processes, systems, technology, ideas. It is an invigorating time for the younger professionals as they see senior leadership talent being brought in and new ideas being seeded as they watch."
Executive committee members such as PMS Prasad, Alok Agarwal, Nikhil and Hetal Meswani and LV Merchant also spoke on the transformation at RIL at the meeting. Ambani summarised the essence of RMS in his concluding remarks.
Historically, RIL was perceived to be managed by the top 100 people as its founder Dhirubhai Ambani nurtured the practice of creating loyal leaders good at executing mammoth projects.
As technology redefined management practices and the attitudes and needs of the younger generation changed, current chairman Mukesh Ambani set the ball rolling for a business transformation initiative. "What got us here will not take us to where we want to be in the future," Ambani was cited as saying.
Ambani also believes that the average life of the top 100 corporations in the Standard & Poor's list is 30 years and RIL needs to re-invent itself in a rapidly changing world.
India's third-most valuable company is making huge investments in consumer-facing sectors such as telecom and retail. The company is planning an investment of $11.7 billion in the telecom business and going for massive expansion of its retail business.
The formal launch of Reliance Management Services is aimed at institutionalising systems and processes as RIL embarks on expansion and diversification while adding more young people to its employee profile.
"This level of change will have a significantly positive impact on employee morale, buy-in of the larger organisational vision, individual productivity and most of all, a sense of belonging with the company," said Singh of Sanguine Consultants.
FEATURED ARTICLES

View: BJP  not Modi  on test in Maha  Haryana | More than just state polls(A strong performance for…)
By: Ashok Malik
Rather than get embroiled in minutiae, any analysis of the Maharashtra and Haryana elections must ask three questions: are these elections important in the national context? What are the broad trends? Is Narendra Modi a factor?
Let us begin with the first question. The two elections, especially the one in Maharashtra, complete an 11-month period in Indian politics that arrives every five years and determines the power balance in the national polity. In November-December of Year Four, Madhya Pradesh, Delhi, Chhattisgarh and Rajasthan see elections. In April-May of Year Five, there is the Lok Sabha contest. Five months later comes Maharashtra.
All of these are states where the BJP and the Congress compete directly, and where the national parties still have a grip. This year, Haryana has been added to the list. A traditional Congress stronghold, the BJP has of late gained ground here.
From Lower to Upper House
A strong performance for the BJP in Maharashtra and Haryana, to cap its Lok Sabha victory and robust results in the state elections this past winter, will have implications down the line. It will be reflected in Rajya Sabha elections in 2016 and then in 2018. Rajya Sabha MPs, it must be remembered, are chosen in accordance with party presence in a state assembly.
As such, these elections are crucial for Modi to change the BJP's precarious numbers in the Rajya Sabha to his advantage. If all goes well, the BJP will be better placed in two years and could have absolute command of both houses of Parliament in the final year of the Modi government, 2018-19. This will determine what legislations can be passed, how quickly reformist policy can be pushed and so on.
Destination Mumbai
What's the state of play in the two states? The BJP-Shiv Sena alliance broke up when the Sena insisted the BJP contest only 119 seats (in a 288-member assembly). Polls commissioned by the BJP told it that if it contested alone, it was likely to cross 120: that is, win more seats than the Sena was willing to grant it. As such, it took a calculated gamble. The result is a 4-or 4.5-way battle between the BJP, the Sena, the NCP, the Congress and the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena.
In such a splintered situation, a party that gets 30-33% of the vote can win an exponential number of seats and maybe even a majority. This is the psephological experience in similarly fractured polities such as Uttar Pradesh. It has the BJP quietly confident of forming a government in Mumbai. In terms of seats, the Congress could well finish fourth.
 
In Haryana, the battle is between the BJP and the Chautala family's Indian National Lok Dal (INLD). The Congress, in power for 10 years, is in trouble. It has to be said though that Bhupinder Singh Hooda, the outgoing chief minister and one of the Congress' last regional chieftains, is fighting hard. Actually, the BJP is cheering Hooda, who, like the Chautalas, is a Jat. If the Congress can take away a slice of the INLD's Jat support, the BJP, banking on a non-Jat consolidation, could pull away.
Both the BJP and the INLD are looking to win at best 35-40 seats in a state assembly of 90. A majority for any party would be a miracle. An impossibly hung house cannot be ruled out, and that could make government formation a challenge.
To what degree are these elections about Modi? As prime minister and national mascot, he has been a key campaigner for the BJP and has brought that extra something to canvassing. That apart, the parliamentary victory has given state-level BJP units a confidence boost. In Maharashtra, by targeting Modi and his government, the Congress and the NCP, principally Rahul Gandhi and Sharad Pawar , allowed Modi to do what he does best: play the underdog being attacked by everyone.
Half Done is Well Begun
All of this is true. Yet, these elections are not really about Modi. In both states, they will test an incremental growth of the BJP even in a pre-Modi period and a non-Modi context. Yes, the Lok Sabha verdict has been a catalyst but the larger chemical changes were happening anyway. In Maharashtra, the BJP has been expanding, and with the public hostility to the NCP and the Congress, it was always likely to gain.
In Haryana, there is a fatigue with Jat domination. Bhajan Lal, who died in 2011, was the last major non-Jat leader who built a wide-enough social coalition. Institutionally, the BJP is attempting to take over that role. Even without a chief ministerial face, this is giving it some traction. The big loser of this round will be the Congress. Till a year ago, it ran the Union government and six highprofile state governments critical for political funding and economic influence: Delhi, Andhra Pradesh, Rajasthan, Maharashtra, Haryana and Karnataka. On October 19, it may be left with just Karnataka. Maybe this is what they call an annus horribilis.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt for fast solution to start stalled powe...Bank of India
(The central bank has this…)
MUMBAI: As deadlines near, leading banks, power firms and the government are anxious to find a quick solution for stalled power projects and the mountain of loans at stake. On October 17, finance ministry officials led by Financial Services Secretary Gurdial Singh Sandhu will meet top bankers to explore ways to get projects going and help banks avert a blow.
Banks take a hit if projects financed by them fail to generate cash flow after the announced date of completion. As various projects were stuck due to delays in land acquisition and environmental clearance, the Reserve Bank of India had given a two-year grace period during which banks do not take any loss on these loans. For some projects, the grace period will end in the next six months to a year.
According to a senior banker , there could be discussions on financing extra cost overruns, greater flexibility in financing existing projects and refinancing ventures at various stages of completion, besides the issue of fuel linkage following the cancellation of coal blocks by the Supreme Court .
Banks' exposure (as percentage of total non-food credit) to power has doubled from 4.3% in 2008. Indian lenders' outstanding to power generation and transmission projects (other than those led by state electricity boards) is around Rs 3 lakh crore. Around Rs 80,000 crore of loans to non-SEB companies have been restructured.
"While RBI has given banks some flexibility in infra financing, a few grey areas have to be sorted out. Also, issues like whether more than 10% cost overrun can be funded without considering it a restructured asset may also crop up... Unless these issues are addressed now, losses will start showing up on banks' books by the close of this financial year," said the credit head of one of the large banks.
The central bank has this year allowed existing as well new lenders to refinance an infrastructure project as long as 10% of the loan was repaid. Banks have been allowed to do this without classifying the loan as 'restructured asset' which boils down to higher provisioning. Earlier, such a transaction would have been construed as ever-greening of loan. Also, an existing consortium of banks now has the elbow room to refinance a borrower once the project is completed as long as at least one new bank joins the team of lenders to take over 25% of the exposure.
"Banks would like to have a clearer idea on whether such flexibility is applicable irrespective of the stage at which a project is. Developers have also been asking the ministry that they need to find a solution with bankers," said a banker. According to a study by Alvarez & Marshal, 80,000 mw of power projects — of which 20,000 mw are gas-based ventures — worth Rs 4,50,000 crore are on the block due to increasing debt burden.
Besides myriad problems that troubled infra projects, the banking regulator had reworked the lending rules because banks with few years of short-term funds financed long-gestation projects that took 20 years to repay loans. But even as RBI was addressing concerns stemming from a shallow corporate bond market — which has been the single source of infra finance in many countries — project developers ran into other hurdles, the latest being the apex court ruling.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ET Wealth | 12 mistakes to avoid when you qu...You are here: Home > Collections > Clearance
12 common mistakes to avoid when you quit a job
Oct 13, 2014, 10.30AM IST
Tags:
Career transition
By Devashish Chakravarty
Leaving a job can be difficult, especially if it is not out of choice. However, if you intend a smooth career transition and do not want to diminish your prospects, you must avoid making the following mistakes.
Histrionics: You were just told that your services are no longer required. You are tempted to abuse, scream or maybe plead to be retained. Control your emotions. Resist the urge to sulk and snap at your teammates. You want them to remember your achievements, not your breakdown.
Stealing or damaging: You may feel that you got a raw deal and were laid off for no fault of yours. Perhaps your financial dues have been withheld. Don't seek revenge. It's a terrible idea to damage office property or take away stuff/data that does not belong to you. Your reputation will be tarnished, leaving you unemployable. In the worst case, you could risk going to jail.
Checking out mentally: Your notice period has commenced and your last working day is fast approaching. Be a thorough professional and work with the same intensity as before. People may not remember your contributions, but if you slack off, they will remember for a long time how you let them down.
Not planning a transition: Once you leave, your colleagues will deal with the projects you leave behind. The impact of these unfinished tasks will help determine your professional reputation. So sit down with your manager and make a knowledge transfer plan for your replacement. Communicate the plan and progress with everyone concerned in person and on e-mail. Let your work speak for you after you leave.
Forgetting data and equipment: Don't forget to hand over data and equipment and get a clearance certificate or e-mail from every stakeholder, including teammates, HR, accounts, IT and vendors. Upload a copy of the certificates to your personal e-mail ID before you submit the clearance to your superviser and HR.
Keeping claims pending: If your reimbursements, travel and medical bills are pending with your employer, make sure you pursue the matter to conclusion and get your money before you leave. Recovery will be difficult once you are outside. Where possible, sign off in advance on the date and amount of your full and final settlement.
Offering criticism: You will have an exit interview before you leave. This is not the time to show your angst or pour your heart out. Your misplaced 'constructive criticism' can either harm your teammates or brand you as a person who chose not to speak up while at work. Discuss only what worked for you and what was good about your team.
Withdrawing PF: Are you afraid that you may run out of cash if you don't find another job shortly? Resist the temptation of withdrawing from your Provident Fund (PF) account. Though it is an easy way out, you will lose the savings meant for retirement. Dip into your PF only if you are retiring, or if you plan to reinvest the amount in an asset like property. If not, find ways of curtailing your expenses until your cash flow stabilises.
Discussing your future employer: Do not share your future plans with your colleagues. Whether you are interviewing elsewhere or have job offers in hand, do not talk about them. Discussing the 'fantastic opportunity' at your workplace will cause resentment and negativity among colleagues. If, for some reason, the new job does not work out, you will face ridicule.
Badmouthing the employer: As you head down to the pub or catch up with your colleagues over coffee, it will be tempting to vent out against your manager or teammates. Don't do so. Whatever you say will invariably find its way to your workplace. Also, at future job interviews, you will be asked to justify your exit. Badmouthing your last firm or manager will get you rejected for coming across as a disgruntled employee. It is best to focus on your desire for better growth opportunities.
Fudging your CV: While you craft your resume for a new role, be extra cautious in describing your present responsibilities and achievements. Most employers will run a third-party verification check. At the very least, the HR at the firm you have applied to will call your present employer for a quick reference check. A negative verification report will not only cost you your job but also tarnish your reputation in the industry. Similarly, don't tweak your joining and relieving dates or designation on your CV.
Holding a grudge: As you walk out for the last time, drop the grudges at the office step. Leave your ex-colleagues empowered and energised in your final conversations. Take the emotional high ground of forgiveness and gift yourself freedom and energy to propel yourself in your next role.
 
5 things to do
Make a personal plan:
Much before you quit, think through your reasons and consequences of quitting. Work out your finances and cash-flow options. If you have been fired and are feeling overwhelmed, plan out one day at a time.
Share contacts

Sensex dips over 150 points  Nifty near 7 800; Infosys top gainerYou are here: Home > Collections > Trade
Sensex drops over 150 points, Nifty slips towards 7,800; Infosys top gainer
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 13, 2014, 09.25AM IST
Tags:
Capital goods
(Infosys surged as much as…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex plunged as much as 160 points in trade on Monday, led by losses in ITC, ICICI Bank, L&T and Tata Motors Ltd.
However, Infosys which was the top gainer on Friday in the BSE Sensex index managed to keep the momentum going despite muted trend in the overall market.
Infosys surged as much as 1.6 per cent in trade to hit its fresh record high of Rs 3953. It hit a low of Rs 3890 and a record high of Rs 3953 in trade today.
The 50-share Nifty index also came under pressure and was trading near its crucial psychological support level of 7800, weighed down by losses in capital goods , metal, power and banking stocks.
At 09:20 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,139.77, down 158 points or 0.60 per cent. It touched a high of 26276.57 and a low of 26137.47 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 7809, down 50 points or 0.64 per cent. It touched a high of 7835.10 and a low of 7802.30 in early trade.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was down 0.09 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index was trading flat.
Infosys (up 1.2 per cent), Reliance Industries (up 0.18 per cent), Hero MotoCorp (up 0.10 per cent) and Sun Pharma (up 0.02 per cent)were among the major Sensex gainers.
Tata Motors (down 2.09 per cent), Bharti Airtel (down 1.84 per cent), Sesa Strelite (down 1.7 per cent), M&M (down 1.4 per cent) and ICICI Bank (down 1.3 per ent) were the major index losers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Memes do the rounds as last day for campaigning arrivesMemes do the rounds on last day of campaigning in Maharashtra
Soubhik Mitra , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 13, 2014
First Published: 00:53 IST(13/10/2014) | Last Updated: 13:44 IST(13/10/2014)
Comments
Away from the political mud-slinging unfolding at poll rallies across the state, more risque versions have been gathering steam in the virtual world. With just a day left for curtains to come down on election campaigns, chat groups and social media pages are being bombarded with muck-soaked memes.
For instance, one meme shows Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray outmuscle Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Amit Shah inside a free-style wrestling ring. Another shows Prime Minister Narendra Modi holding a placard seeking votes from a party other than the BJP.
“Memes normally work well in grabbing eyeballs. But this time, the response has been particularly good among youngsters,” said a person in charge of a political party’s social media campaigns requesting anonymity.
Poll slogans have become the ideal fodder for jokes doing the rounds on WhatsApp groups. The BJP’s poll slogan ‘Arey kuthe nehun thevlay Maharashtra majha?’ (What have they reduced my Maharashtra to?), for instance has become a funny quip among smartphone users. Even the Sena’s ‘Majha naav Shiv Sena’ (My name is Shiv Sena) has been used to poke fun at the party.
While memes are expected to have little impact on voters’ decision, they can influence young voters. “Young unbiased voters seldom have knowledge about issues. Hence, these memes could generate top of the mind recall for a particular political party,” said city-based psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty.
He added that poll propaganda is most effective if the memes have resonance with the political personality featuring in them. “A meme featuring a politician known for his or her inflammatory oratory has better chances of connecting with the audience if it captures that aspect of their personality,” he added. Social watchdogs collecting voters’ feedback from poll campaigns, however, felt that a majority of voters take memes with a pinch of salt.
“Our assessment of voters’ feedback showed that a majority of voters are upset because all political parties have failed to address issues. Almost every poll speech focused on showing rival parties in poor light,” said Sharad Kumar, trustee of the city-based Action for Good governance and Networking in India.

Hong Kong police remove barricades  say protesters can remainThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Oil falls more than $1 on Kuwait  Saudi signalsOil falls more than $1 on Kuwait, Saudi signals; China offsets
By Reuters | 13 Oct, 2014, 09.55AM IST
Brent crude oil briefly touched its lowest since December 2010 at $87.74 in early trade, but pared losses after the China data to trade at $89.04 a barrel by 0323 GMT, down $1.17.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE/SEOUL: Global oil futures lost more than a dollar on Monday after Saudi Arabia and Kuwait signalled a willingness to bear with lower prices to defend market share, although better-than-expected trade data from China pared the losses.
Contrary to market expectations, Kuwait said OPEC was unlikely to cut production to support prices, while Saudi Arabia has privately told oil market participants it could be comfortable with $80 for oil.
"Judging by the latest comments from Kuwait and Saudi Arabia, we expect more near-term downside ahead for oil prices amidst the ongoing global growth scare," said Gordon Kwan, head of oil and gas research at Nomura.
"Without a firm commitment to cut OPEC exports, China's increased demand alone is not enough to sustain a potential oil price rebound."
Brent crude touched its lowest since December 2010 at $87.74 in early deals, but pared losses after the Chinese data to trade at $88.68 a barrel by 0654 GMT, down $1.53 on the day.
US crude was down $1.40 at $84.42 after slipping to a low of $84.25. On Friday the contract touched $83.59, the lowest since July 2012.
Some stop-loss selling may have been triggered, leading to the sharp falls in prices early on Monday, said Rikio Ishikura, a commodity broker at Newedge Japan.
Growth in China's exports and imports trumped forecasts in September, and the world's largest energy consumer increased crude oil imports by 9.5 per cent from August.
"That's very good news for oil prices," Ishikura said, but he was cautious about whether China was really on the road to recovery as the global economic outlook remained gloomy.
According to chart analysts, oil prices are on the brink of sliding another $10 or more. They say a drop of over 20 per cent since June has wiped out key support levels and left behind a "technical graveyard".
Nomura's Kwan said West Texas Intermediate may breach $80 a barrel while Brent could fall below $85 ahead of an OPEC meeting next month.
"At these lower levels, we will see more Chinese strategic buying and marginal well production cuts to stabilise prices," he said.
Kuwait's oil minister, Ali al-Omair, was quoted as saying by state news agency KUNA on Sunday that $76-$77 a barrel might be the level that would end the oil price slide, since that was the cost of oil production in the United States and Russia.
Oil ministers from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) are scheduled to meet in Vienna on Nov. 27 to consider whether to adjust their output target of 30 million barrels per day (bpd) for early 2015.
Some OPEC members are clamouring for urgent production cuts to push global oil prices back up above $100 a barrel.
Saudi Arabia reported September production of 9.704 million barrels per day (bpd), up from 9.597 million in August, according to a monthly OPEC report issued on Friday.
The lack of a Saudi cut could add to perceptions of traders and analysts that the kingdom is looking to defend market share, not prices.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Cyclone Hudhud: 558 people evacuated by NDRF  Vizag runway clearance work underwayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Future Group shares surge 6.4% as company ties up with AmazonThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hamilton dedicates Russia GP win to Bianchi  says Frenchman in his prayers every dayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Gontermann Peipers (India) announces resignation of Company SecretaryThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

US win FIVB Women s Worlds titleThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Relief operations begin in cyclone-hit AndhraThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Exit polls could be big trigger for stock market this weekThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Future Group partners with AmazonFuture Group, Amazon India announce strategic e-commerce alliance
BS Reporter | New Delhi Oct 14, 2014 12:47 AM IST
From being dismissive about the potential of e-commerce in India to joining hands with the sector, leading 'brick and mortar' retailing entities seem to have had a change of thinking on the former.
Kishore Biyani's Future Group has made a tie-up with Amazon to sell its private labels in the fashion category. Last month, Tata Group’s Croma entered into an alliance with Snapdeal.
The tie-up of Amazon and Future comes right after Jeff Bezos, founder-head of the former, visited the country and met Biyani. The partnership will be extended to other categories over time. Future will use the Amazon platform to sell its private labels such as Lee Cooper, Converse, Indigo Nation, Scullers and Jealous21, among others. The company has a portfolio of about 40 brands.
AMAZING FUTURE?
Fashion and food will be the first of Future labels to be sold through Amazon
Future Group recently announced a tie-up with SAP company ‘hybris’ for its omni-channel strategy that allows the group to converge its digital and physical channels
Omni-channel strategy is set to go live after Diwali and is a retail strategy or extension of its physical stores
The strategy will work simultaneously along with retailing on e-commerce partner
As part of the omni-strategy, group’s electronics format, Ezone, is expected to go online first, followed by food chain Foodhall and hypermarket chain Big Bazaar
Amazon India's vice-president and country manager, Amit Agarwal, said the combination was a “win-win for all”. Biyani said it would help the retailer promote its own private labels.
ALSO READ:  DIPP to seek competition watchdog's views on discount sale by e-tailers
Last week, Biyani had criticised Flipkart and other e-commerce companies for the deep discounts offered in its Diwali-eve sales. Amazon did not follow the flash sale/discount policy of Flipkart and Snapdeal and went easy when it came to offering discounts during its Diwali sale.
The partnership between Snapdeal & Croma or Amazon and Future is not one between two retailers but of vendor and technology platforms offering technology and logistics services. This will help in the growth of new brands and private labels, said Arvind Singhal, chairman of Technopak, the management consultants.
However, even after entering into the Amazon partnership, Biyani was sceptical about the euphoria around e-commerce. “The mindspace they (e-commerce players) have occupied is far larger than their share of the market,” he'd said in a recent interaction with Business Standard.
Experts say the association of Future with Amazon is important. It establishes that leading brick and mortar retailers cannot be dismissive about e-commerce players, which have become a brand in the online space. Despite their own omni-channel strategy, an association with e-commerce players has become important because of the latter's logistics expertise and consumer reliance on the brand, said Singhal.
It is also a crucial step for Amazon, to grow into the much-sought fashion category. It currently lags Flipkart and Snapdeal in the assortment of products, number of sellers and brands, etc. Fashion is the focus category for most e-commerce companies because of its high margins and growing demand. Amazon, unlike Flipkart, Myntra or Jabong, does not have its own private labels in India.
The next category for partnership could be food. Amazon recently also entered the non-perishable foods category, offering ready-to-eats and like products online. Future has similar plans to expand into food brands. It is set to launch Sunkist, a beverage range, beside three new foods brands —Karmiq, So Fresh and Veg Affair.
“Each of these will have its own range. Veg Affair will be ready-to-eat frozen vegetables, including peas and carrots. Karmiq is for canola oil and other such products, as well as dry fruits,"Biyani recently told Business Standard.
Future operates some of India’s most popular retail chains, including Central, Big Bazaar, Foodhall, Planet Sports, Brand Factory, Home Town and eZone. The group operates around 17 million sq ft of retail space in  98 cities and towns, and 40 rural locations.
Its retail formats attract about 300 million customers annually and connect them to around 30,000 small, medium and large enterprises. Amazon started its e-commerce operations in 2013 and is a leading contender for the top position in India's growing e-commerce market.

Yes  they are supermodels  and yes  they eatBigg Boss 8
Revealed: What models really eat
You'd expect models to follow rigid diets and eat only strictly calorie-counted meals, but their Instagram feeds prove otherwise. While there are a few, like Liu Wen and Doutzen Kroes, who seem to never have a cheat day, but the rest indulge unabashedly every now and then.
- Jerusha Ratnam Chande

Smart City: PM Modi s GIFT project caught in red tapeAhmedabad
(The Gujarat government…)
NEW DELHI: The Narendra Modi government has ambitious plans to build 100 smart cities, but the first smart city that the Gujarat government had embarked on under then chief minister Modi in 2007 — the Rs 78,000 crore GIFT city is caught in red tape at the Centre, threatening its viability due to incomplete buildings, lack of power utility lines and most importantly, the absence of corporate tenants who were expected to populate it.
The Gujarat government has approached the Centre, now firmly under its previous boss' grip, to push long-pending clearances from the ministries of finance, highways and civil aviation, for the Gujarat International Finance Tec (GIFT) City so that its first phase can meet its 2014 deadline.
A 50:50 joint venture between a state government undertaking and Infrastructure Leasing and Financial Services (ILFS) Limited, GIFT city was planned as a global financial and IT services hub spread over 886 acres near Ahmedabad airport and is expected to create a million direct and indirect jobs.
Though the project was allowed to set up a multi-services special economic zone with an international financial services centre in 2011, not a single financial institution is ready to set up shop at the city yet, said officials, as the government is yet to issue any regulatory norms on carrying out operations within the financial services centre.
"We wanted GIFT City to be comparable to other global financial hubs like Shanghai, Tokyo and London, but not a single financier is ready to book space in the city due to the lack of norms. We have repeatedly requested both the finance and commerce ministries to notify some regulations for such operations, without which existing capacity isn't being utilised while further development of the project is hindered," said a state government official aware of the development, requesting anonymity.
The state has now urged the urban development ministry to intervene for an early resolution of the hiccups faced by the GIFT city. The ministry, in turn, has escalated the case to the project monitoring group set up in the cabinet secretariat to expedite stalled investment projects and the project's issues are now under examination, officials said. One of the biggest roadblock faced by GIFT City, is the aviation ministry's reluctance to grant height clearances most of the tall buildings expected to tower the city's length and breadth. This has thwarted construction work on most of its flagship towers being built in the first phase.
"The Airports Authority of India has only granted permission to build towers upto 191 metres above the mean sea level. At this height, 47 of the 110 buildings, including its biggest towers, cannot progress," the official quoted earlier said. The tallest of the 110 buildings that are part of the masterplan, named Diamond Tower, is expected to rise up to 410 metres, while two other towers would be over 350 metres tall.
GIFT City had requested the airport authority, which is also in charge of air space navigation services and related clearances in India, to grant it a height clearance for buildings upto 476 metres. Similarly, the National Highways Authority of India has been hesitant about granting permission to lay power cables to light up the City's infrastructure.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Water  public services etc to be considered for smart citiesLeo Apothekar
(Various parameters including…)
NEW DELHI: Various parameters including mobility, water and public services should be considered before finalising the government's ambitious plan of establishing smart cities.
Leo Apothekar , Vice-Chairman and Independent Lead Director, Schneider Electric said, "There are multiple components to a Smart City which need to be considered while planning such a project."
He said these mainly include energy, mobility, water, public services and buildings & homes.
"We are confident that contributions from all sections of the society, public and private, can make this dream a reality. Only cities can accommodate population growth and there is a need for Smart Cities," Schneider Electric said in a statement quoting Apothekar.
Shivendra Nath, Superintending Engineer (Project), Naya Raipur Development Authority said, "We need to keep consumer happiness at the core while ensuring that whatever we do is economically viable and gives the best output."
A panel discussion on smart cities -- Changing India: A Smart City Revolution -- put the spotlight on the socio- economic necessities that drive the Smart City objective.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Will big census towns benefit from the  Rurban  MissionCensus Towns
(Welcome to Burari Gaon which,…)
Dalip Singh of Delhi stumbles upon the same dilemma every time he prints his visiting cards: what address should he give his optical shop? No local authority has given him any shop number. Nor does the lane in front of his shop bear any name or number.
If a potential customer calls him up, Singh directs him to a bylane next to the post office located in North Delhi's Burari Gaon. But Singh, like 1.46 lakh other Burari residents, does not make a fuss over the lack of such basic conveniences. There is, after all, an upside to the gaon (village) tag: it ensures that Singh pays very little for his water and zilch as house tax. What is more, he is licensed to raise a floor or two of his residence without taking permission from any government agencies.
Welcome to Burari Gaon which, like 3,893 other urban settlements, displays visible characteristics like a large population and predominantly non-agricultural economic activity. Yet, the office of the Registrar General and Census Commissioner prefers to classify them as "census towns". The respective state governments too have not bestowed the urban tag to them as yet. Not even to 20 of such 'towns' — including Noida, Greater Noida, Khora (all in Uttar Pradesh), Navi Mumbai Panvel Raigarh and Burari in Delhi — that have a population of over a lakh. That these are still towns means that they do not qualify for aid from the union urban development ministry; instead, what they get is a handful of rural development sops.
Rakesh Gupta, a resident of Khora, sums up the problems a typical census town faces: "There is no health centre here. There is just one school, that too a primary one. There is no park here. No one knows the status of our town. It's an urban area, but we have a panchayat. No resident here qualifies to get bank loans and credit cards."
  Urban Confusion
According to the 2011 census report, Khora in Uttar Pradesh's Ghaziabad district (in the vicinity of the national capital) is the eighth largest census town in India with a population of 1.9 lakh. As no building regulations are applicable here, residents have happily constructed four storeys on plots as small as 15 to 25 square yards.
Former urban development secretary M Ramachandran who recently edited a book titled India's Urban Confusion has described the phenomenon of census towns as a classic case of urban confusion. "The census towns will someday become statutory towns. But the tragic
reality is that the state governments have allowed those to grow in a haphazard manner. You won't find proper sewerage, drainage or street lights in most of these towns. There is no regulation in building norms there," he says.
Since census towns are yet to be declared statutory towns by the state governments, the upshot is that they are villages, and hence are eligible to avail of rural development ministry schemes. The UPA government had announced that some of the census towns would be handpicked for holistic development under a scheme called PURA, or Provision of Urban Amenities in Rural Areas, originally a brainchild of former President of India APJ Abdul Kalam.
Under the scheme, which never quite took off, a private bidder was to identify a gram panchayat or a census town with a population of 25,000 to 40,000 and develop it in public-private partnership mode.
  Sorry State of Affairs
The NDA government is likely to subsume PURA in a more ambitious mission called Rurban (rural plus urban), which is likely to be rolled out in a month. A panel headed by the rural development ministry's additional secretary SM Vijayanand has been designing the new scheme. "Yes, census towns will be major beneficiaries under the Rurban Mission," says a rural development ministry joint secretary declining to go into the contours of the new scheme. But if President Pranab Mukherjee's address to Parliament in June was any indication, Rurban Mission would provide urban amenities to rural areas while preserving the ethos of villages.
Though some of the 3,894 census towns are bound to be covered under this ambitious scheme, it is unlikely that all big census towns (12 out of the top 20 fall within the National Capital Territory of Delhi) will benefit from this move, according to people familiar with the matter. Most of the big census towns are in the vicinity of big cities, and the census towns coming under NCT of Delhi even elect their representatives to the Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD). Yet, none of those has been notified as urban areas as yet. KP Singh, a resident of Burari, says: "Many here don't want Burari to be a fully urban area as it were will force them to pay property tax. Also, water will get costlier then." Singh runs a fodder shop in the locality, but the dwindling number of buffalos in the area has hit his daily sales — that's perhaps one indicator of Burari's transformation from a rural pocket to a full-blown urban area.

Gender biased Haryana polls: Too early to expect an end(Haryana has a record 109…)
At first blush, Anandita Yadav typifies the new 'Her'yana.
Young, just 25, well educated (Master of Science in International Business from University of Leeds, UK), she is contesting her maiden election as an independent candidate from Ateli, an assembly constituency that is host to a record six women contestants in the polls on October 15. In all, there are 109 women slugging it out across the state this time, again a first for Haryana, which has the lowest sex ratio in the country, is numb to rampant female foeticides despite the audacity of men trying to 'buy' brides from other states and is notorious for turning a blind eye to barbaric acts of khap panchayats. It seems women are finally getting empowered in Haryana.
Really? Sunita Verma doesn't think so. "Numbers reveal as well as conceal," says the 34-year-old Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) candidate, who is also making her debut from Ateli.
Here's what the numbers conceal: of the six women contestants in Ateli, says Verma, three are fighting as independent candidates. Of these, two are 'covering candidates' — which means these women were 'covering' for their husbands in the event of the latter's nominations getting rejected. The third is a dummy candidate, in the fray to cause confusion in voters' minds as her name is similar to that of the sitting MLA from Ateli. "So what record are we talking about," wonders Verma. "It's still Haryana."
Reality Check
Early this month, when Haryana chief electoral officer Shrikant Walgad announced in Chandigarh that a record 109 women are in the fray — the highest since the formation of Haryana in 1966 — it became the talk of the town.
A trip to Ateli, in the Mahendragarh district of Haryana and some 125 km from Delhi, is an eye-opener. The small town is still awaiting its messiah. Roads are in terrible shape and electricity supply is erratic. Anandita Yadav is missing in action — both in town and villages, as well as on posters and innumerable loudspeakerblaring canvassing vans and rickshaws. Nobody seems to know about her.
ET Magazine tried contacting her to seek an appointment. Initially, she agrees to meet; but in a few minutes, somebody calls from her mobile number informing that she won't be in town and so the meeting has to be cancelled. A request for an appointment for the next day is unsuccessful. Since then, calls made by this writer to Yadav's number have not been answered. "She looks like a dummy candidate," says Verma of BSP, adding that there is a triangular contest in Ateli between the Congress, BJP and BSP. Maybe voters would confuse her name with Anita Yadav, the sitting MLA of Ateli from Congress, she adds.
  So, on to the second independent candidate, Priyanka. The 29-year-old's credentials look promising — a graduate with no criminal record, and a first-timer in politics. But the wife of one Pardeep Kumar turns out to be a covering candidate for her husband. When contacted, Kumar confirmed that his wife is not contesting elections. She is in the fray as her nomination could not be withdrawn. "She is a covering candidate," he says. Priyanka declines to meet ET Magazine.
The third independent, Anita Chauhan, happens to be the richest candidate in Haryana with assets worth Rs 212 crore. Her husband too owns assets valued at Rs 212 crore. And it's no coincidence that she too turns out to be a covering candidate for her husband. This is confirmed by Ravi Chauhan, her husband. Pan IDs in their affidavits match. "Anita is only a covering candidate, " he says.
Political pundits are shocked, but not surprised. "It's a shame and a sham," says Professor RS Yadav, dean of the faculty of social sciences at Kurukshetra University in Haryana. Yadav, though, does see a silver lining. Even if all women candidates turn out to be 'proxy' or 'covers', it's still a good beginning, he adds. Reason: This is the second consecutive year when two women candidates are fighting for the top slot in Ateli. "It sends out a positive message to the women of the state."
Political Greenhorn
Verma says she's in it for the long haul. And the irony is that she never wanted to be in politics. It just happened. "In fact, I hated politics," confesses Verma who became vicechairman of Ateli's district council in 2010. Till then, she was like any other woman in Ateli — a homemaker — and was content with the social service that she has been doing over the last 13 years.
Verma is still a homemaker. When ET Magazine reached Ateli at 5.30 on Monday morning, Verma was getting ready — not for her political rallies but to make breakfast for her children. "Sandhaya (her four-year-old daughter) is too small. She won't get ready for school on her own," she says.
So, will she marry off her daughter at an early age? "I would be insane even if I think of doing so," she says. Education is the most important weapon for girls and I want my daughter to be highly educated, she adds.

INLD bets on sympathy for to-be-jailed Om Prakash ChautalaHaryana Polls
( The CBI had appealed to…)
The Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) has decided to play the sympathy card in the upcoming Assembly elections in the state after its senior-most leader Om Prakash Chautala was asked to surrender by the Delhi high court in the Teacher Recruitment Scam case. Unfazed by the court order — which would put INLD's biggest crowd puller in jail — INLD leaders have changed their campaign strategy and are going to the electorate with the charge that the Narendra Modi-led government at the Centre has misused the CBI to incarcerate Chautala.
"The Prime Minister was getting nervous after Chaudhary Om Prakash Chautala started pulling huge crowds at his rallies in the state," Chautala's grandson and Hisar MP Dushyant Chautala said. The CBI had appealed to the Delhi high court to cancel the bail given to Chautala on medical grounds until October 17. The 79-year-old leader has been convicted by a CBI court for ten years in the scam during his tenure from 2000-05. "His arrest will give a boost to our campaign," Dushyant Chautala said. Chautala's rallies drew large crowds.
Modi directly attacked the INLD leader and charged him with graft and promoting dynastic politics. Chautala's son Abhay is holding the rallies that the former was scheduled to address. He has been raising the issue of his father's arrest and how Modi is responsible for it. Dushyant and Abhay have also been telling the electorate in their rallies that OP Chautala has been wrongly indicted in the graft case. "We (INLD) talk about generating jobs. Unless there is employment, how can there be progress? He (OP Chautala) was only trying to create jobs for the youth. Even the judge has said that there was no exchange of money," Dushyant said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

No candidate favourite  but satta market expects a BJP chief ministerBhupinder Singh Hooda
(Chautala’s Tihar claim…)
HANSI: Both PM Narendra Modi and Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda may have a reason to thank Om Prakash Chautala . The former Haryana chief has said that he will be the state's next chief minister even if he has to operate from Tihar jail—the boast has boosted the stock of both BJP and Congress, according to the satta bazaar.
This is the analysis of punters in Hansi, infamous as Haryana biggest betting market. Once regarded as a site of archaeological importance, it's now known more for its chopta bazaar, the hub of satta activities.
Chautala's Tihar claim has to be set against his conviction in a teachers' recruitment scam. Unless overturned on appeal, this disqualifies him anyway from political office. Nevertheless, it's apparently had the opposite effect to what was intended.
"The educated class of Haryana, especially non-Jats, have taken against this dream of having an incarcerated CM," said a financier in Hansi.
Hansi's betting public is "fairly confident" that no single party will be able to get a majority, said one of them. They are also not ruling out chances of a hung assembly.
According to them, the BJP may end up with 28 to 32 seats, while the Hooda-led Congress could get close to 25. Chautala's INLD may be hard pressed to get to the 25-seat mark, punters suggested.
The Congress has "improved" in the past few days, said a bettor. While rallies by Modi have had an impact, the "damage" on Congress because of this is not more than "5 to 10%", the person said.
One bettor said the forecasts made by the satta soothsayers were fairly reliable. Unlike other bookies who had predicted a victory for the Haryana Janhit Congress party's Kuldeep Bishnoi over Dushyant Chautala in the Hisar LS byelection, the Hansi satta market had predicted a clear win for the first-timer over Bhajan Lal's son, which is how it played out.
But Bishnoi may have reason to be happier now. According to the Hansi odds, Bishnoi and his wife Renuka Bishnoi will sail through from Adampur and Hansi. But Bishnoi's HJC isn't likely to do too well, with not more than half a dozen seats expected, by the satta baaar.
On the other hand, the contest between Dushyant Chautala and Prem Lata, wife of Chaudhary Birender Singh, for the Uchana constituency is being viewed as a close one. Lata has the potential to create an upset, according to the market.
There's some good news for inde pendent candidates. The expectation is that around eight to 10 independent candidates may emerge victorious in the upcoming multipronged contest.
No candidate is seen as a favourite for the post of CM, but the satta bazaar expects this person to be from the BJP.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ambani s twin kids Isha & Akash made directors of RJio & Reliance RetailYou are here: Home > Collections > Ril
Mukesh Ambani's twin kids Isha & Akash made directors of Reliance Jio Infocomm & Reliance Retail Ventures
ET Bureau Oct 12, 2014, 02.18AM IST
Tags:
Ajay Piramal
(Ambani's twin kids Isha…)
MUMBAI: Gen Next is taking charge at Reliance Industries (RIL), India's biggest private company. Isha Ambani, 23, and twin brother Akash, the children of Nita and Mukesh Ambani , are joining the boards of Reliance Jio Infocomm and Reliance Retail Ventures, a wholly-owned subsidiary of RIL, as directors.
Older by seven minutes to his sister, Akash completed his undergrad studies from Brown University. Isha, once ranked by Forbes as among the world's top heiresses, studied at Yale and has a double major in psychology and South Asian studies. Until recently, she was a business analyst at McKinsey & Company's New York office. That stint was intended as preparation for an eventual role in RIL, especially their consumer businesses.
The timing of the inductions is interesting as RIL has been working towards a 2015 launch for its 4G telecom service and may invest as much as Rs 70,000 crore towards this end. Akash has already been associated with the telecom venture, involved in the development of products and digital applications.
Similarly, RIL's retail unit, which posted its first annual profit in the last fiscal year, has been focussing on improving profitability now that revenue growth has stabilized. As part of its efforts to boost margins, Reliance Retail Ltd shut "low-performing" stores across its different formats, the company told analysts post its last quarterly earnings release in July.
Reliance Retail's revenue grew 15% in the quarter ended June 30. During the quarter ended 30 June, Reliance Retail closed 137 stores under its so-called value format. It, however, opened 169 stores in high-margin or scalable categories. The net addition to stores during the quarter stood at 32.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Meet liquor baron Kishore Chhabria: What sets him apartChhabria’s story is inevitably linked with that of two other men — United Spirits chairman Vijay Mallya and Chhabria’s elder brother, the late Manu Chhabria.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Kishore Rajaram Chhabria, 59, loves being driven across the United States. In September, Chhabria along with wife Bina travelled more than 500 km between two small American towns, Barnard in Vermont and Bedford in Pennsylvania, staying in hotels for several days in both towns. Empty roads and lonely towns inspire Chhabria.
The sense of emptiness helps him "strategize", he says. Though a frequent visitor to the US, Chhabria does not own a house there and prefers hiring chauffeur-driven cars. Left-hand-drives confuse him. For Chhabria — the businessman — this is the right time for strategizing. A lot is at stake. His company Allied Blenders and Distillers (ABD), which owns Officer's Choice, the world's largest selling whiskey brand by volume, has blueprinted an aggressive growth plan. It includes the buyout of a competing brand, acquisition of distilleries and bottling units, heavy borrowing to fuel this binge, and finally, a public issue of shares in two years.
Chhabria's story is inevitably linked with that of two other men — United Spirits chairman Vijay Mallya and Chhabria's elder brother, the late Manu Chhabria. The trio has over the last three decades joined hands and fallen out many times (see The Liquor Wars). Manu Chhabria passed away in 2002, and his family sold the liquor business to Mallya. Mallya has since handed over management control of his liquor business to Diageo and is struggling to hold on to his board seat and chairmanship. Only Kishore Chhabria , with Officer's Choice, which accounts for 75% of ABD's sales by volume, has the luxury to plan growth or take time off in never-heard-of towns in the US, which are almost cathartic for him.
Old-World Style
In India, Chhabria seems to have wrapped himself up in familiarity and tradition. Chhabria loves to be unconventional, in an industry where flamboyance is the convention. At home, which is Casa Grande on Little Gibbs Road, near south Mumbai's Hanging Gardens, Chhabria prefers an old-world style. His office is in the same building as his residence, and he is surrounded by a group of old faithful and some anachronisms like CCTV cameras monitoring every room in the office with the monitor placed directly in front of his table. The office decor is anything but modern, and the drapes and chandeliers may even qualify as opulent.
"I have married only once. Bala (VR Balakrishnan), my secretary, was earlier my father's secretary. My cook has been around for 36 years and my driver for 27 years. Once I grab hold of a person I rarely let go," Chhabria says. Chhabria's company ABD is the third largest maker of Indian-made foreign liquor (IMFL, the rather curious contraction used by governments to differentiate liquor made in the organised sector from indigenous hooch). An 8% market share in IMFL makes ABD one of the largest Indian-owned liquor businesses. The corporate office is at Lower Parel, in a spanking new building, where the company's CEO Deepak Roy sits. Roy, an industry veteran who has also worked with Mallya in the past, has been allotted 5% sweat equity in the company by Chhabria, who owns the rest. Chhabria's son-in-law Jeetu Hemdev, who is married to his elder daughter, works under Roy.
Chhabria confesses that he never encouraged either of his two daughters to take an interest in his business. "In hindsight, I can admit I was wrong. I thought liquor was not a good business for women," he offers.

How the liquor ban in Kerala may benefit Mahe in PuducherryConventional wisdom tells you that a liquor ban is bad for business. But nations that toyed with Prohibition experienced a boom in unexpected quarters
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
If Kerala goes through with implementing Prohibition, one place will do very well. Mahe, the one part of the Union Territory of Puducherry on the west coast, will be able to use its position within Kerala to mint money from liquor trade. This sleepy town, almost a suburb of Thalassery, could easily witness one of the most rapid economic booms.
There is a precedent for this and, like Mahe, it is one with links to the old French empire. St Pierre and Miquelon is the name of a few islands in the North Atlantic, just 25 km off the coast of Canada. It is still part of France, the last scrap of its North American empire, held on to for access to the fishing grounds nearby, much as Mahe was retained during the British Raj for purposes of the pepper trade. Major fortunes were once made through St Pierre and the reason was the imposition of Prohibition in the US in 1920. Imposition came with a one-year grace period for liquor traders to liquidate their stocks. Most of them spent that year looking for ways to get around Prohibition and they realised that Canada, with its long, lightly patrolled border with the US, was the solution. As one Prohibition enforcement official noted dourly, "You cannot keep liquor from dripping through a dotted line."
But some, like a young entrepreneur Sam Bronfman , looked at a map of the Atlantic and saw an even smarter way. Canada did not charge excise on liquor made for export and since St Pierre was part of France they could legitimately export alcohol to the island, from where it could be taken in ships out to sea and mysteriously end up in US ports.
Boom on the Rocks
The Canadians were fine with this since excise loss was more than made up in manufacturing income, and this helped them deflect American demands to patrol the border (where, in any case, much was going on). This marine trade also gave good jobs for fishermen and used the extra capacity in shipping that had built up during World War I.
St Pierre enthusiastically smoothed out procedures. Soon ships didn't even have to dock, but could get paperwork done in the harbour before heading out again. The island's levy of four cents a bottle quickly gave it customs income thrice the size of its annual budget. This largely barren and poor scrap of land was suddenly awash in money and alcohol, as well as side benefits like the wood from packing cases. Daniel Ockrent , in his entertaining history of Prohibition, Last Call: The Rise and Fall of Prohibition, writes that "one especially resourceful islander built a brand-new home out of a matched set suite of Scotch cases". He called it Villa Cutty Sark.
Mahe will probably not get Hercules housing (from Kerala's favourite, super potent rum). But it might be interesting to see if a property boom develops there and whether, by any chance, ownership of some of the bars and hotels that will be coming up can be linked to Kerala politicians. In the US, it was found that the special Prohibition agents, quickly recruited from often dubious backgrounds to enforce the new law, regularly turned out to have lucrative links with bootleggers.
Ockrent's history shows that Prohibition did reduce overt drinking a little while also leading to an explosion of business. One has to wonder if it's this sweet spot that chief minister Oommen Chandy is aiming for. It has long been a mystery why Malayalis, who are so industrious in the Gulf and in shops and small businesses around the world, don't display this zeal at home. Prohibition might be the one way to push them to it.
Women 'Power'
It helps that such Prohibition-averting activities avoid all the hassles of official rules and regulations, and also result in tax-free income. It could even help with gender empowerment since, as has been seen wherever Prohibition has been imposed, women have always made money from making and selling illegal alcohol. Memories of Prohibition in Mumbai, for example, are always linked to the 'aunties' in place like Bandra who stored booze under their beds and made their homes impromptu pubs. In the US, many of the speakeasies were run by women, often from immigrant backgrounds, for whom they were an important source of income.
Ockrent's history shows some unexpected beneficiaries of Prohibition. Grape growers in California, for example, thought they would be ruined by having to stop making wine. But The Volstead Act, which made Prohibition law, allowed an exemption for people making alcohol at home — and grapes were in huge demand. Before 1920, grape prices in California had never been more that $30 per ton, and often much less. "In 1921, the price reached $82, then $105, and at one giddy moment in 1924 it spiked to a shocking $375," writes Ockrent. Kerala is likely to see soaring sales of easily fermentable fruits such as cashew apples and pineapples.
Even better, growers didn't have to bother with the delicate grape varietals that made the best wine, but could plant inferior varieties that grew fast and had thick skins that made them easier to transport. This also meant immediate returns, rather than the long-term investment that wine needed. California's wine suffered, but its grape growers did very well. In later years, they invented even more convenient forms like grape syrups and bricks of dehydrated juice and skin, which they shipped out with conscientious, and very useful, directions on the precautions buyers had to take to prevent these products fermenting and turning into wine.
Beer brewers came up with an equivalent product, malt syrup, that was also sold with dutiful directions on how not to break the law! Manufacturers of corn sugar and yeast, ingredients for home wine-making, also did great business. (The scion of one of these companies, Fleischmann's Yeast, put some of this money into starting the New Yorker magazine, which would become a leading chronicler of the absurdities of Prohibition).

Liquor  tobacco products now cost more in KeralaYou are here: Home > Collections > Tax
Liquor, tobacco products now cost more in Kerala
IANS Oct 10, 2014, 03.21PM IST
Tags:
beer
(The government announced…)
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The price of liquor went up in Kerala Friday after the government, in its bid to enforce total prohibition, imposed an additional 25 per cent tax.
Also, an eight per cent tax hike on tobacco products came into force Friday, making them more expensive.
"We have already decided that on Oct 2, 2023, total prohibition would be in force in the state and all the measures that we are now implementing is to make the availability of liquor less available and another step to wean away people is a hike in price," Chief Minister Oomen Chandy said.
"Our aim is to make people kick their habbit and the gains that we get through taxes is nothing when one looks the loss this causes," he added.
The government announced its new liquor policy in August and decided that barring 20 five-star hotels, no other hotels could serve either liquor or beer . But the Kerala Bar Owners Association approached the Kerala High court against this decision and a verdict is now awaited.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modern Asian cooking: The new trend to watch out in foodREAD MORE ON » Vikramjit Roy | Sunday ET | Nan Gyi Thoke | Manu Chandra | Jack Daniel | Ayurveda
At Tian, the literally “heavenly”, rooftop restaurant at the ITC Maurya in New Delhi, rustling up a Thai Green Curry is hardly a pedestrian task. The flavours are bang on: there’s that freshness of herbs one associates with the perfect rendition of this classic
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
At Tian, the literally "heavenly", rooftop restaurant at the ITC Maurya in New Delhi, rustling up a Thai Green Curry is hardly a pedestrian task. The flavours are bang on: there's that freshness of herbs one associates with the perfect rendition of this classic. And that tinge of sweetness — without cloying coconuty thickness which invariably sneaks up in restaurants in India.
Ask chef Vikramjit Roy , master chef, newly arrived from Chennai where he helmed a sprucing-up of brand Pan Asian to open this modern Asian restaurant in Delhi, what's the secret and he merely shrugs: the curry is done from scratch, in-house, he says. Well, that's the least one expects from a restaurant with an ITC pedigree and a chef of this calibre. So, I think no more about it, till one evening over Jack Daniel's and coke, the drink, the chef truly explains how it is all done.
Thai herbs — as also Japanese seafood and Chinese ingredients — are all flown in on a weekly basis. And the curry is done from scratch. But there is more to it. For one, it is finished in a coconut shell. For another, in sous-vide!
"We put the curry in a coconut shell and vacuum-pack it. For 30 minutes, it is allowed to simmer in the water bath, so that the white flesh of the coconut gently disintegrates and blends into the curry," says Roy, trying his best to explain cooking chemistry to a layman. "That's what gives it that exact body and sweetness."
I am hooked. To the food. But also to the science behind it. So, we go on chatting a bit more. It turns out that the John Dory I have eaten and appreciated the evening before does not get its gorgeous brown crust from pan or oven. It is also cooked in sousvide, and topped with a crispy layer of METIL (methylcellulose) and then finished under a salamander. The overwhelming umami in the soup comes because all the wild mushrooms have been dehydrated (it concentrates the flavour); the crispy lotus stem in spicy soy is crispy not because it has been fried but because it is dehydrated, as are all the sweet potato chips et al.
And finally, the dessert to die for that has exotic berries does not taste of tinned fruit (how else do you get blueberries in India?) because of lyophilisation — freezefrying, in which the material is frozen and the surrounding pressure reduced so that the frozen water in the material sublimates directly from solid to gas! "That is why the flavour is intense and the shape of the fruit is maintained," says Roy.
Thought for Taste
Chemistry is inevitable to cooking but fancy lab-like processes are hardly ever the best indication of the best food. And just last month, I went to hyped-up meals where the process of cooking was more raved about than the lessthan-stellar food that landed up on the table! But at Tian, the cooking processes are only secondary to taste.
"An immersion circulator is calibrated to .01 degree centigrade. Ovens are calibrated to 5-10 degree centigrade. And with many of these processes, we can achieve the same texture and better flavour without frying and still retaining the nutrients. But at the end, these are merely cooking aids, to help you cook better and with more precision," points out the chef, who was allowed by the hotel group to also research old cooking techniques and recipes in Korea, Japan and China before opening the ambitious new project.
But Tian's gourmet credentials are not founded on modern cooking processes alone. The food sits on a bedrock of research: Sichuan prawns, for instance, have a pronounced cumin taste because the food from that region bears an Indian culinary influence. And there are little nuances like starting off with a fruit/sweet element as part of the amuse bouche because the elusive and little-researched Korean Temple Food philosophy also ties-up with Ayurveda in saying that a little sweet whets the appetite.
As you break a bite off the prawns that lie on a bed of guacamole, spear a bit of the pineapple on to the fork as well, dip into what looks like some innocuous powder on the plate, and take a bite, you do a double take. Smoke fills your mouth and as you exhale, the gleeful chef claps, "So you have been smoking..."
Though that is the only bit of smoke, there is enough spectacle in the presentation to keep you gripped. Everything in the restaurant reminds you of the new direction Asian dining out is taking in the country: Luxe ingredients, the playful combinations of flavours backed by research, and yes, cooking techniques. In that the restaurant sits on the cusp of a brave new trend.
Playful Twists, Seriously Gourmet
Worldwide, contemporary Asian, where diverse Asian flavours have been combined (Aussie meats with Vietnamese ingredients, Korean BBQ in a Chinese bun — Momofuku — et al) with western cooking techniques and presentations, has been quite popular in the last few years. And now, it is beginning to be experienced in India as well at a handful of restaurants.
"This has been a way in which the often esoteric culinary traditions of the East have been made accessible to a large number of people, who have found easy ways to enjoy it," points out chef Manu Chandra , who helms The Fatty Bao in Bangalore, a modern Asian gastro bar.
Chandra's restaurant is obviously a much more casual concept but it is quirky and modern in its sensibilities and in its irreverent takes on classic Asian dishes. So, you could have bacon-asparagus fried rice for comfort (because the Chinese have so much salty meat), you could have a veg version of the popular sesame-prawn toast that borrows from a dim sum classic, turnip cakes, and you could have a very clever PB&J (braised pork belly with miso jam).
Chandra's take on 'modern' Asian is a trifle different, though. Not only does it encompass a clever combining of diverse and authenticated regional flavours it also boasts gourmet-level detailing. "Instead of using sauces and pastes out of bottles that most chefs have got used to, it could also mean doing things from scratch: how to do miso from rajma or how to do interesting things with noodles," he quips.
The Third Wave
Contemporary Asian seems to be the third wave for the cuisine in India. We have all, of course, grown up on Indian-Chinese, the red-lanterned restaurants with doused-insoy, fried bites and indigenous creations like the Manchurian. But more recently, a wave of much more authentic and sophisticated pan-Asian flavours has hit the metros.
In fact, this year alone, Mumbai seems to have been flooded by Asian flavours: From Mekong and Oh:Cha Kitchen & Bar to the much-talked-about Burma Burma that brings vegetarian Burmese food to the table and authentic dishes: Lahpet Thohk, a pickled tea leaf salad and Nan Gyi Thoke , a onebowl meal of rice noodle salad with chickpea flour, not to mention what has been rated as the most credible khao suey in India. Both Gurgaon and Chennai, on the other hand, have had enough to keep Korean palates happy, backed by primarily expat consumers and also the better-travelled corporate crowd. And Japanese, in any case, is another ballgame altogether, its popularity still intact — its appeal spreading and no longer confined to the very upscale Wasabi and Megu (both incidentally 'contemporary Japanese', the format that has best caught on in India) but to takeaways and smaller standalone chains (Aoi, a chain from Japan, entered India via Kolkata last year). Finally, there has also been the advent of global flavours in the Chinese/Asian space with Hakkasan serving up their versions of the cuisine.
But the indigenous modernization of at least the Asian dining concept can perhaps be attributed to a space like Mamagoto. The chain of cafes (that started with Delhi and has now spread to Bangalore and Mumbai) changed the way of serving Asian flavours. Instead of family-style sharing meals, the format became fun and young. And instead of familiar Indian-Chinese staples, a variety of other flavours and street-food traditions from other Asian countries was incorporated into the menu, albeit in a populist way, to cater to a mass audience.
In Bangalore, spaces like the High Ultra Lounge, similarly catering to a younger, well-travelled audience, are serving up similar bites, like beef tataki (tenderloin carpaccio with avocado), grilled asparagus with wasabi potatoes and scallops with Japanese pickled plum. The chef comes from Zuma, the contemporary Japanese restaurant chain.
But even home-grown celebrity chefs are having fun treading the territory. At Ritu Dalmia's Diva Kitsch that came up last year, you could try similar inventive fare: have rocket leaves in an oriental dressing, papaya curry, chili-caramel-flavoured sea bass and even ravioli that reminds you of Asia. It's a sophisticated but fun take on classic flavours and ingredients.
Watch this space for more.

At Rs 1.2 lakh   The Glamburger  is worlds costliest burgerAt Rs 1.2 lakh, 'The Glamburger' is world’s costliest burger
By Kounteya Sinha, TNN | 8 Oct, 2014, 12.28PM IST
A Chelsea restaurant in west London called Honky Tonk has created the world's most expensive burger embellished with gold leaf and caviar. (Representative Image)
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: The world's most expensive hamburger is here and it could cost you as much as a luxury holiday to the Maldives .
A Chelsea restaurant in west London called Honky Tonk has created the world's most expensive burger embellished with gold leaf and caviar.
Priced at £1, 1237.50 with service (Over Rs 1.2 lakhs), the burger took three weeks to develop.
Talk about extravagance and "The Glamburger" has it all.
The burger patty is made from 220 grams of Kobe Wagyu beef minced with 60 grams of New Zealand venison to perfectly balance the fat content, and a rich centre of black truffle brie to create a liquid pocket once the meat has cooked.
The burger patty is then seasoned with smoked Himalayan salt and served with a Canadian lobster poached in Iranian saffron.
Atop the lobster, creator of the burger, chef Chris Large , has added maple syrup-coated streaky bacon, Beluga caviar and a hickory-smoked duck egg intricately covered in edible gold leaf.
The bun is seasoned with a Japanese matcha and cream mayonnaise and coated in gold leaf. Finishing touches come in the form of a mango and champagne jus and grated white truffle.
The burger has been verified by Record Setter as the highest priced in the world. The dish has about 14 listed ingredients — including salt and mayonnaise - costing around £78.50 each.
Interestingly, the restaurant has thrown open a competition to win a chance of having the burder for free.
The creation is to celebrate the sale of the restaurant's five millionth food and drink voucher.
"Anyone brave enough to rise to this monstrous challenge can enter this prize draw for a chance to travel to Honky Tonk and taste this burger for free," the restaurant said.
One winner will be selected at random and contacted by 6pm on Oct 13, 2014. For waist watchers, here another caveat — the burger adds up to a total of 2,618 calories: more than the recommended daily intake for an adult.

Australia s iconic gift to the world: The Granny Smith green appleAustralia's iconic gift to the world: The Granny Smith green apple
By Vikram Doctor, ET Bureau | 8 Oct, 2014, 12.50PM IST
0
Share More
Granny Smiths apples from Australia now stands for 'apple green' as their aroma used in perfumes and their fresh flavour in candies and vodka. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
100 years ago when Australian troops in World War I set out on the long voyage to Europe's warfront they took along an apple developed in Australia. It had a good taste and stored well, but befitting its down-under origin, also had a topsy-turvy appearance. When apples are green it usually means they are unripe, hard and sourly inedible, but Granny Smith apples glowed bright green, yet had a crisp texture and a refreshing sweet-sour taste.
Most fruits that seem so unripe would never sell, yet Granny Smiths are the exception. WWI took them to the wider world and they have become iconic. The Beatles used a halved Granny Smith as the logo of their Apple Records and innumerable toothpaste ads have shown gleaming white teeth crunching into a Granny Smith.
There are other edible green apples, but the vivid green of Granny Smiths now stands for 'apple green', their aroma used in perfumes and their fresh flavour in candies and vodka. Long before MasterChef and macadamias, Granny Smiths were the first famous Australian food export. As often happens with apples, their origin was pure chance.
Apples rarely grow identical from their seed, but always tend to mutate and change. Good new varieties have often been found growing wild, with no idea of par- entage and among similar wild trees, each slightly different and all mostly inedible, except for that good one. The standardised apples we see in the market are not grown from seed, but are clones, grafted from the original tree.
Maria Ann Smith was the wife of a poor farm labourer in England who in 1838 signed on with a British government scheme to colonise Australia. They settled near Sydney, growing produce to sell in the city, and also tried new varieties, like French crab apples, small, sour relatives of regular apples that grow wild and are used for cooking.
Smith discarded some near her house, from where they seeded and grew, having possibly pollinated with a domestic apple at some point to create this unlikely hybrid. Smith found it one day, tasted and liked the fruit. She developed it from cuttings and in 1868 showed it to other horticulturists who also started growing it. She died two years later, but by then the variety was already known as Granny Smith. Australia started growing them on a large scale and by the time WWI came had enough for export.
Granny Smith sales have grown steadily since, not least because their good storage qualities made them ideal for long distance transportation. Recently, Granny Smiths have also been found to be particularly healthy, high in antioxidants, but low in calories. It is one reason they sell in India, but also, I think, there is the sheer surprise of their taste.
Imported apples are flooding our markets, and they often look great, but have a blandly sweet taste and mushy texture. Granny Smith's are a reminder that all apples aren't like that, but can be savoured for so many reasons more.

Without RIL s wealth  I wouldn t have been able to pursue my passion(Without the wealth I would…)
Nita Ambani talks about her pet ventures. Excerpts from an interview with ET Magazine:
On the interest in sports, first cricket and then football:
I will be honest. I got involved (in football) only three months back. I lost my father recently. The first meeting on the football league was on the 13th day. Now everywhere I am surrounded by it. You know, honestly, I realized I didn't know anything about cricket when we started Mumbai Indians . I learnt by mistakes. In football too, we have a long journey ahead, the goal being that India plays the 2026 World Cup.
On her penchant for getting into details of projects:
I do get involved in a lot of detailing and I have learnt this from my husband Mukesh. It can have positives as well as negatives. Attention to detail can sometimes slow us down. For example, sometimes people ask me why aren't we building 15 Dhirubhai Ambani International Schools across the country. But while looking into detail, I like to empower our teams to take the decisions. And as Mukesh says, one needs to have both floodlights (for the big-picture view) and spotlights (for the nitty-gritty).
On what she has learnt from Mukesh Ambani and Dhirubhai:
From Mukesh, I have learnt two things: that we should not be afraid to make mistakes. You never get it right the first time, but you have to accept the mistake, work harder and move on. The second thing is you should never sacrifice quality. One more thing that I learnt from him is to respect every human being. I was 21 when I got married, and there was so much inspiration in my house from my father-in-law Dhirubhai Ambani and husband Mukesh. Living in the same house as my father-in-law, I could learn so many things. The main thing was positivity. He used to say that if you can keep your attitude positive, small issues will disappear.
On how her philanthropic focus juxtaposes with the wealth-creation machine that Reliance is:
Without the wealth I would not be able to pursue my passion (for philanthropy). And a big part of wealth creation is also creation of jobs — we (Reliance) are creating 1,25,000 jobs. Now with me on the board, where I represent the CSR part of Reliance, we are looking at how to lend scale to the CSR activities. I want to speed up the foundation work. Education can be scaled up. With Reliance Jio coming in, we can somehow make healthcare available on the phone.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Kohli and Raina: A successful partnershipSmith's low high score and the Kotla fortress
A stats review at the end of the second ODI between India and West Indies in Delhi.
By Bishen Jeswant | ESPNcricinfo –  Sun 12 Oct, 2014 11:10 AM IST
Tweet
0
12.3 West Indies' win percentage when chasing 250-plus in ODIs over the last ten years. The only Full Member nation with a worse record is Zimbabwe, who have a marginally lower win percentage of 11.1. West Indies have lost 48 out of 57 such matches in this period. India have the best record under such circumstances, winning 39 out of 87 matches, for a win percentage of 44.8.
Virat Kohli and Suresh Raina love batting together. (Photo: IANS)9 Number of years since India have lost an ODI at Feroz Shah Kotla, Delhi. India have played eight ODIs here in this period, and have won all six of the completed games.The last ODI India lost here was to Pakistan in April 2005.
2 Number of times all of India's middle order batsmen, i.e. Nos. 4, 5 and 6, have made a 50-plus score in the same game. The batsmen involved on both occasions were Suresh Raina , MS Dhoni and Virat Kohli . They made 62, 51* & 62 respectively against West Indies, and 68, 107 and 54 against Sri Lanka in 2009.
102 Number of ODI wickets Jerome Taylor has taken. He started the day on 99 wickets and picked up 3 for 54 in Delhi. He became the 15th West Indies bowler and 122nd overall to take 100 or more ODI wickets.
4 Number of times, including against West Indies, that Mohammed Shami has taken four wickets in an ODI. However, this was the first instance of Shami taking four wickets while conceding less than 50 runs - he gave away only 36 - making these his best ODI figures. He is yet to take a five-wicket haul in ODI cricket.
5 Number of times India have batted first after winning the toss since the start of 2013. India won the toss 32 times in this period, and chose to bowl 27 times.
55.4 Average partnership runs between Virat Kohli and Suresh Raina in ODIs. This is the fourth best for any India pair who have played together on at least 30 occasions. Topping this list are Gautam Gambhir and Virat Kohli , who average 60.6 together.
1 Number of times Kieron Pollard has batted higher than No. 4 in ODIs - this was the first. His strike-rate of 80 was his fourth lowest for an innings of 40 or more.
2 Number of extras that India conceded in this game. This is the fewest extras that India have conceded when they have bowled at least 40 overs in an innings. This also means that India only gave away 0.9% of the opposition's total runs through extras, which is their lowest ever.
97 Dwayne Smith 's score in Delhi, his highest in List A cricket. His previous highest was 96 against Windward Islands in 2005. Previously, Smith's highest score in ODIs was 68. He had played 92 matches and scored 1318 runs at an average of 17.47, including only six fifties.
105 Number of runs scored by Virat Kohli and Suresh Raina for the fourth wicket. This is India's only 100-plus stand for the fourth wicket in more than two years. The last such partnership was between Gautam Gambhir and Manoj Tiwary against Sri Lanka in August 2012.
19 Number of West Indies players who have made 2000-plus ODI runs - Pollard became the latest. Eight of these 19 players have also taken 40-plus wickets, including Pollard.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

RIL likely to report flat growth in Q2 net profit: AnalystsReliance Industries likely to report flat growth in Q2 net profit, predict analysts
Ramkrishna Kashelkar, ET Bureau Oct 13, 2014, 07.16AM IST
Tags:
Bank of America-Merrill Lynch
(It is also down 17% QoQ from…)
Reliance Industries, India's biggest private sector company and No 2 on the ET 500 list, is unlikely to offer any reason for its underperforming stock to change track when it publishes results for the July-September quarter on Monday.
The company, with interests in areas including petroleum refining, oil and gas exploration and production, petrochemicals and retailing, may post a 4% growth in net profit from a year earlier, analysts predict, although a majority of them believe earnings growth will be flat.
Reliance reported a net profit of Rs 5,490 crore in the second quarter of 2013-14 on net sales of Rs 1,03,758 crore.
The refining business is expected to face pressure as the region's benchmark gross refinery margins (GRM) remained weak through the quarter. Reliance owns two refineries at Jamnagar with a combined crude processing capacity of 1.36 million barrels a day, the largest at any single location in the world.
"2Q FY15 Singapore GRM ended at $4.8 per barrel, which is a 16-quarter low. It is also down 17% QoQ from US$5.8/bbl in 1Q FY15 and down 9% yoy from $5.3 per barrel in 2Q FY14," noted a report from Bank of America-Merrill Lynch .
However, the better configuration of Reliance's refineries allows it to command a healthy premium over regional GRM benchmarks and the company may even match the level of $8.7 per barrel achieved in the preceding quarter.
Reliance had posted a record profit before interest and tax of Rs 2,504 crore in the petrochemicals segment in the July-September period last year, which will make it difficult to record strong year-on-year growth this quarter. On the other hand, oil and gas exploration and production may show healthy profit growth on the back of growth in its US shale gas business. Reliance has ventures with Chevron, Pioneer Natural Resources and Carrizo Oil & Gas for shale gas.
The refining business contributed 46% to Reliance's profit in the year ended March 2014, while petrochemicals accounted for almost 30%, the oil and gas segment 10% and other income 14%. This will be Reliance's first earnings report since completing the acquisition of control of Network 18 Media and Investments and its subsidiary TV18 Broadcast in July.
Network 18 Media posted a consolidated net loss of Rs 30.4 crore for the July-September quarter on a turnover of Rs 744.8 crore, which may weigh on Reliance's consolidated numbers.
In the April-June quarter, Reliance benefited from a drop in depreciation under provisions of the new Companies Act and a lower interest burden due to a stable rupee. These benefits could still add to the company's overall profit and enable it to pull off a surprise.
Nevertheless, this is not expected to boost the performance of the company's shares, which are in the seventh consecutive year of under-performance, since the company's mega investment drive is not expected to boost earnings in the near future. Reliance shares ended at Rs 960.30 on the BSE on Friday, gaining 7.3% this year compared with the BSE Sensex , which advanced 24%.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infosys hits fresh record high as brokerages raise target price post Q2 resultsYou are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Infosys hits fresh record high as brokerages raise target price post Q2 results
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 13, 2014, 10.11AM IST
Tags:
CLSA
(Infosys reported results…)
NEW DELHI: India's second largest outsourcer, Infosys surged as much 1.6 per cent to hit its fresh record high of Rs 3953 in trade today on Friday, after many global brokerage firms raised their respective 12-months target price post Q2 results declared on Friday last week.
Infosys reported results for the quarter ended September 30 last week with operating margins and net profit stood ahead of most analysts' expectations. Volume growth was healthy at 3.0 per cent QoQ and price realization inched up by 0.6 per cent QoQ.
The management has kept its FY15 USD revenue growth guidance unchanged at 7-9 per cent implying CQGR of 1.4-3.8 per cent for the next two quarters.
Most brokerage firms such as CLSA, JPMorgan and HSBC have maintained their rating, but increased their respective 12 months target price on the stock.
CLSA which has a 'BUY' rating on the stock also has the most aggressive 12 months target price on the stock of Rs 4700, which translates into an upside of 20 per cent from Friday's closing price of Rs 3888.95.
JPMorgan and HSBC both maintain an 'Overweight' stance on the stock but have raised their respective 12-months target price on the stock. JPMorgan increased its target price to Rs 4200 from Rs 3900 earlier, while HSBC raised to 4260 from Rs 4190 earlier.
The stock has been in a clear uptrend post Q2 results. The stock hit a fresh lifetime high of 3953 in trade on Monday despite muted trend in the overall markets.
At 09:50 a.m.; Infosys was trading 1.03 per cent higher at Rs 3929. It hit a low of Rs 3890 and a record high of Rs 3953 in trade today.
The stock is trading at 14x our FY17e EPS and should provide returns at least in line with the earnings growth, say analysts. Infosys still trades at only a modest premium to Nifty and in line with its 5-year median P/E.
"We marginally revise our FY16 earnings by 3 per cent our estimates. Unlike most other IT stocks , there is a potential for earnings upgrade if the new growth strategy and the new management is successful," HSBC said in a report.
HSBC is of the view that a sustainable progress will continue and if the new CEO is able to successfully implement its growth strategy we believe there is upside to our 12%/13% growth estimate for FY16/17, they say.
The company's board approved an interim dividend of Rs 30 per share and a bonus issue of one equity share for every equity share held which also boosted sentiment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ACC stops limestone mining; stock slips 1.6%You are here: Home > Collections
ACC stops limestone mining at Chaibasa, Bargarh; stock slips 1.6%
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 13, 2014, 09.54AM IST
Tags:
ACC
(At 09:35 a.m.; the stock…)
MUMBAI: Shares of cement major ACC were down on profit booking after the company suspended limestone mining operations at Chaibasa and Bargarh cement plants .
The mining has been stopped following orders from state governments of Jharkhand and Odisha.
Whilst the company has complied with the government orders , it is in the process of seeking relief in the order and is hopeful of a positive outcome.
At 09:35 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 1381.85, down 1.58 per cent, on the BSE . It touched a high of Rs 1394.70 and a low of Rs 1380 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Spectrum: Govt draws flak | Airtel for urgen...You are here: Home > Collections > Mhz
Government draws flak for faulty spectrum policy
Anandita Singh Mankotia, ET Bureau Oct 13, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Airtel
(CAG's latest draft report…)
NEW DELHI: The national auditor has criticised the government in a draft report for faulty allocation and usage policies until 2004 that supposedly benefitted carriers such as Bharti Airtel, Vodafone India and Idea Cellular. This cost the exchequer a notional Rs. 9,000 crore in revenue, it said in the draft note, a copy of which has been reviewed by ET.
The other beneficiaries include the erstwhile Reliance Telecom, now known as Reliance Communications, Spice, Aircel, Loop Mobile and staterun Bharat Sanchar Nigam, the Comptroller & Auditor General (CAG) of India said in its note.
CAG also faulted the then telecom secretary Shyamal Ghosh for hasty allocation of additional spectrum. Ghosh has already been charged by the CBI in the ongoing 2G trial for alleged irregularities in the allocation of spectrum during the last NDA tenure (1998-2004).
The allotment of spectrum to the licence holders "has not been done in a fair and transparent manner over the years," the CAG said in its draft note. The CAG's findings of wrongdoing in spectrum allocation in 2008 led to the cancellation of 122 licences by the Supreme Court in 2012 and added to the corruption allegations against the UPA government, which lost the general election this year.
None of the operators mentioned in the draft report of the auditor responded to queries sent by ET. Shyamal Ghosh couldn't be contacted for comments.
The telecom department is currently preparing a response to the allegations raised in the draft report. The final report will be prepared after reviewing the telecom department's response.
Among the many alleged irregularities CAG said it has uncovered in this latest report, the auditor criticised the telecom department (DoT) for arbitrarily allocating airwaves beyond the 4.4 MHz threshold, which was prescribed in the telecom permits.
 
"Between December 1996 and September 2001, the telecom department allocated additional 1.8 MHz airwaves to seven operators across 18 service areas, leading to a loss of Rs. 1,625 crore to the exchequer," it said in the draft report, "Major inconsistencies in allocation of additional spectrum and fixation of spectrum usage charge". The auditor said these airwaves should have been charged for.
CAG has also said that despite DoT's technical committee specifying that spectrum up to 6.2 MHz was sufficient to support a subscriber base of 9 lakh in Delhi and Mumbai, the telecom department decided to allot additional 1.8 MHz airwaves to Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India after they clocked 4 lakh subscribers. However, neither the Telecom Commission, the highest decision-making body in DoT, nor the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) were consulted before the department took a final decision.
Further, even as additional spectrum was to be awarded in the 1800 MHz band, certain operators such as Bharti Airtel, Vodafone and Spice were allotted airwaves in the prized 900 MHz frequency, without paying any extra spectrum usage charge.
DoT didn't consider efficiency, effectiveness and scarcity of bandwidth of 900 MHz spectrum in fixing revenue share. These operators, however, charged more from their rivals while allowing roaming on the lower frequency band compared to the 1800 MHz band, the auditor said. Consequently, the government lost close to Rs. 6,000 crore by not charging more for the more efficient frequency band.
CAG also come down heavily on the telecom department for not consulting Trai or the Telecom Commission before it decided to continue allocating airwaves on a subscriber base criteria, and also in not revising the spectrum usage charge (SUC) for airwaves allotted beyond 8 MHz till 10 MHz. It said that if the telecom department had charged an SUC of at least 1 per cent, the government would have earned another Rs. 1,323 crore till date. Instead, the telecom department chose not to specify any subscriber-based criteria for airwaves allotted beyond 8 MHz till 10 MHz and it didn't increase the SUC either.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi Effect: Cos get foreign loans at lower ...Bank of India
(Indian companies borrowed…)
MUMBAI: Indian companies have managed to borrow more from overseas markets and that too at lower rates since the new government took office, according to latest data from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
Although there has been no upgrade of India's sovereign rating, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's reforms agenda has improved outlook for the economy , which has restored confidence of the lenders and foreign investors.
Indian companies borrowed $10.3 billion (about Rs. 61,800 crore) in the four months to July, against $9.3 billion in the year ago period, Reserve Bank of India data showed.
At the same time, their weighted average margin for floating rate loans came down to below 3 per cent over 6-month London interbank offered rate (Libor) from 4 per cent. For fixed rate loans, the minimum rate came down nearly 200 basis points to 10.5per cent against over 12.5 per cent in the same period a year ago.
While floating rate loans are negotiated at a margin over a benchmark , which is the 6-month Libor, and vary with the benchmark, interest rates on fixed rate loans are negotiated by the banks according to the internal policy of individual lenders and are fixed throughout the tenor of the loan. The final pricing, however, in both kinds of loans is linked to the rating of the company as well as the sovereign rating of the country it operates in.
"Overall growth in credit spreads is down as the US treasury yields have come down," said Ananth Narayan, co-head of wholesale banking, South Asia , Standard Chartered Bank. "The contraction in spreads on Indian paper is more than what has happened with the spreads of papers issued by other economies. This is because Indian macro outlook has improved, which has added confidence among the global investors."
A relatively stable currency so far this year has also helped in bringing down the hedging costs. A worrying factor though is corporates are not borrowing from banks in India even when overseas borrowing costs are higher for companies that do not enjoy a natural currency hedge or those that are not export oriented.
Credit growth has slipped to a 5-year low of 9.8 per cent (year-on-year). "Borrowers have been cautious as economic activity remains slow while lenders have been less aggressive on account of asset quality and capital requirement concerns," said Rohini Malkani, India economist at Citi . Besides, firms are directly tapping the market and raising funds through CP as bank lending rate works out more costly. The base rate of a commercial bank ranges from 10 per cent to 10.25 per cent, below which even a top-rated company cannot raise funds. But a top-rated CP can raise 3-month funds at a rate of around 8.5 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rahul to do a BJP  veterans will make way for Gen NextComments
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi is planning to do a BJP on his party — an extensive organisational overhaul that will see many powerful veterans make way for Gen Next leaders handpicked by him, HT has learnt.
The party’s highest decision-making body, the Congress Working Committee (CWC), would see a generational shift. Most of the general secretaries and state in-charges, too, are likely to be dropped, a party leader in know of Rahul’s plan told HT.
“Senior leaders will be around but their role will be more of margdarshaks (guides), much like what the BJP created for LK Advani and Murli Manohar Joshi,” a Congress leader close to Rahul told HT on condition of anonymity.
After its worst-ever Lok Sabha performance this summer, the Congress has often seen the old guard and young leaders clash on the way the party is run. Many seniors have blamed the “Rahul brigade” for the party’s humiliation.
Rahul’s “reform plan” would be pushed after the October 15 Maharashtra and Haryana state polls, sources said.
Many Nehru-Gandhi family loyalists, who supported Sonia Gandhi during the ‘trying’ Narasimha Rao years and later, could see their long innings draw to a close, sources said.
“I’m not sure whether Soniaji will agree to Rahul’s proposal to dump those who made her a success story in Indian politics,” a party veteran said.
“Rahul’s own team has virtually been running all elections since 2012 Uttar Pradesh assembly polls. He may need to replace them first.”
“As for us, we will accept whatever Soniaji decides. You really need some radical steps to rejuvenate the Congress and if it means retirement for us, so be it.”
Sonia, he said, would go by Rahul’s plan as it is he who would eventually take over the party. “She may find it better to let Rahul make the changes he wants when she is at the helm,” a Congress functionary said.
“Rahul’s aides often argue that he “never got a free hand”, whether it was in picking candidates or devising the poll strategy. “The seniors always managed to get their way,” a young leader said, pointing to how chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda got his pick of candidates for the state elections.
Veterans, however, wonder if the party has enough talent to carry out what one of them described as Rahul’s “poore ghar ke badal daloonga” plan, borrowing the tagline from an old advertisement for a light bulb that talked of a complete overhaul.
“His close aide Madhusudan Mistry, in-charge of UP, drew a blank in the Lok Sabha election. Mohan Prakash has the record of finishing the party in every state that he has been given control of, be it Gujarat, J-K or Maharashtra,” a party general secretary said.
“Both Soniaji and Rahul talk about the party’s utter failure to communicate with people, but who has been in charge of the media department? Rahul’s close aide Ajay Maken.”
The 44-year-old leader’s so-called experiments in states have not met with much success.
While Rajasthan chief Sachin Pilot salvaged his reputation in the recent assembly bypolls, his counterparts in Haryana and Madhya Pradesh have failed to make any impact.
Similarly, Rahul-appointed leaders in Uttar Pradesh could all but watch from the sidelines the party’s decimation in the state that sends the highest number of MPs, 80, to the Lok Sabha. “For long, we have been blamed. Let him (Rahul) take charge and turn it around,” a party veteran said.

Retail inflation likely eased in SeptemberThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

IIP a negative surprise  but recovery durableHi Guest
IIP a negative surprise, but recovery durable
In a recent interview, Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan emphasised the point that India is relatively well-prepared to withstand any shocks that may emanate from the United States Federal Reserve’s monetary tightening. Against the somewhat grim picture of the state of the global economy painted by the International Monetary Fund at the annual World Bank-IMF meetings last week, the August numbers of India's Index of Industrial Production came as somewhat of a shock. For the ...

Nile announces appointment of AuditorsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Reliance Industrial Infra slips after weak Q2 outcomeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

NTPC plans solar power plant in Rewa  Madhya PradeshThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

BSE Sensex  Nifty plunge on capital outflowsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

First Case of Ebola Transmission in US; More Cases Possible  Say Health OfficialThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Day after Hudhud  Andhra and Odisha step up relief workThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Cyclone damages Visakhapatnam AirportThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Theres method in Pakistans border madnessThere’s method in Pakistan’s border madness
Oct 11, 2014, 04.44AM IST
Tags:
(Efforts to infiltrate some…)
By Lt Gen (Retd) Syed Ata Hasnain
Social media in India is abuzz with a variety of opinion about what is happening at Jammu & Kashmir's Line of Control (LoC) and the International Border (IB).
Most comments are by people who do not know the context of J&K too well and cannot remember the pre-ceasefire period prior to Nov 26, 2003. Listening and watching visual electronic media gets adrenaline flowing but that explains nothing about context and only snippets (sometimes nuggets) are taken and discussed.
So what really is happening at the LoC and the IB (Pak calls it Working Boundary in its belief that it is not the final border).
Internally imploding and externally getting less significant Pakistan is indeed worried. It has no common thread of policy due to different stake holders dictating different narratives and the Chief Executive horribly out of control. To make it worse, across the border the Indian State seems to be going from strength to strength with an economic revival on the cards, a strong leader in charge with intent of securing for the Nation its legitimate rights and an increasingly confident foreign policy. That policy also clearly projects that there will be no more talks unless Pakistan stops sponsoring terror in India. The contrast could not be worse. Pakistan's relevance lies in being hyphenated with India but that may soon be history.
Before it gets any worse Pakistan, or at least the main decision maker — the Pakistan Army, must do something.
Build the scenario further. The India focused Jihadi groups who have been Pakistan's force multipliers all this while are clamouring for more support to up the ante in J&K lest they get completely insignificant. As it is, they are being threatened into becoming bit players or just surrogates as the high profile ISIS with Taliban on board and the Al Qaida in competition, look towards the subcontinent. The Jihadi groups perceive that Pakistan's internal security campaign against the TTP is marginalising their importance.
Then comes the disastrous flood in J&K and suddenly there is a huge emotional connect from Rest of India through relief material and of treating it as an opportunity to work the Modi wonder; perhaps even make Srinagar and Jammu the first two of the hundred smart cities the prime minister intends to convert. It couldn't get worse for Pakistan; twenty five years of effort to make India bleed by a thousand cuts is under threat.
To top it all, there just aren't enough foot soldier terrorists left in J&K and no leadership at all to at least create some disruption and some turbulence during the upcoming high profile elections to J&K's assembly.
Efforts to infiltrate some terrorists in the Valley sector during the great deluge a month ago and thereafter have led to their near annihilation at the LoC.
In spite of all this, Pakistan's intellectuals offer the oft-repeated argument about their army and nation's fight against terror which supposedly leaves it no time to concentrate on J&K. That is exactly the point I am making; the Jihadi groups and the ISI wants more concentration on the Eastern front to prevent them all becoming history.
Just two other issues, in the limited space here. Why is the IB sector the target this time? Tactically, this is the best ground for infiltration and immediate targeting of suitable objectives in a very short time frame; the fence has been damaged by the floods and the BSF is doing a wonderful job with lesser than optimum density of deployment.
Where is this likely to go from here and is it any different to the situation last year? Well, the times appear to have changed drastically within a year. With a strong government and leader at the Centre, the Nation is definitely handling the situation better. Freedom to the Army does not translate into a free for all as many may perceive.
There is a level of calibration and India is correctly ratcheting its response appropriately. The warning to Pakistan should be clear; India's limit of tolerance will be crossed if Pakistan or the Jihadi groups under its control dare a trans LoC kind of an operation.
The response will immediately go up by many notches and we would be willing to risk a permanent breakdown of the ceasefire.
Handling the LoC requires insight into sensitivities of implications of every kind resulting from every action. It is not a situation which needs only bravado; much can be achieved through a range of almost unlimited options military commanders can employ but each must carry with it a message. It is an environment for thinking soldiers, politicians and diplomats, all affected in different ways. But central to the response is the need to be firm and committed to a strategy while retaining flexibility to wrest additional advantage at the termination of the standoff.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Massage points for great SEX revealed!Photo uploaded by Shailendra Dhodi
on Oct 09, 2014 , 05:35 pm
8052 Views  |  2  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
With the heel of your hands, add gentle pressure to the area where the thigh is connected to the torso, then lean in gently with your body weight. Ask your partner to breathe slowly. Place your thumbs over the pubic bone. This will relax and rejuvenate your partner and make him or her perform better sexually.
With the heel of your hands, add gentle pressure to the area where the thigh is connected to the torso, then lean in gently with your body weight. Ask your partner to breathe slowly. Place your thumbs over the pubic bone. This will relax and rejuvenate your partner and make him or her perform better sexually.

South siren Sneha s HOT photos!Photo uploaded by Madhavi Jain
on Oct 10, 2014 , 04:20 pm
5180 Views  |  3  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
South actress Sneha, real name Suhasini Rajaram Naidu, is a rare blend of beauty and talent. Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images
South actress Sneha, real name Suhasini Rajaram Naidu, is a rare blend of beauty and talent. Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images

India misreading the  suicidal logic  of Pak armyIndia
(Although Pakistan may be…)
The week-long exchange of heavy artillery and machine-gun fire between the armies of India and Pakistan, causing 30 civilian deaths and displacing tens of thousands of petrified people, has rewound the clock to habitual animosity and fear. Craters and blown-up roofs of homes have erased the euphoria about positive vibes between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Pakistani counterpart, Nawaz Sharif, in May this year. The sparring and poking that historically govern bilateral relations have sadly reasserted themselves.
Despite the plethora of Pakistan watchers in India and India experts in Pakistan, the tragedy of the latest flare-up along the Line of Control (LoC) and the international border (IB) is that neither party knows which factors are really driving the other side to behave so fiercely.
DK Pathak, director general of the Border Security Force (BSF), has expressed puzzlement to The Times of India as follows: "We have inflicted heavy damage on them, but they keep firing. I do not understand why." In a mirror image, the Pakistani major general commanding the forces, Javed Khan, is quoted by the BBC as saying, "I just want to know the reason from the other side. We are not finding the answer."
Whenever the ceasefire agreement of 2003 is battered by an uptick in cross-border firing, India and Pakistan resort to boilerplates for explaining the violence. Pakistan connects our belligerence with domestic elections and the competitive patriotism of ruling and opposition parties in India. We focus on the civil-military balance of power in Pakistan and believe that its mighty armed forces use periodic confrontations with India to straighten elected politicians who may stray in quest of amity.
Indeed, the last few months have witnessed a steady erosion of Nawaz Sharif's authority under the pressure of so-called civil disobedience campaigns of opposition parties of Imran Khan and Tahir ul Qadri, both of whom enjoy tacit blessings of the Pakistani military. By relying on the Army for securing critical state institutions against the protesters' threats of physical takeover, Sharif conceded that the military is Pakistan's ultimate arbiter and saviour.
To use a perceptive classification of the Pakistani intellectual Babar Sattar, the "de facto system" that struts in khakis has taught a lesson to the "de jure system" of Parliament and the elected prime minister. Raising the tempo at the LoC and IB, with Nawaz Sharif donning an embarrassed silence, is a way of reconfirming that Pakistan's India policy will not be allowed to transfer from the military headquarters in Rawalpindi to the prime minister in Islamabad.
Here, it is imperative to recall the psyche of the Pakistani military. Georgetown University's Christine Fair's recent book, Fighting to the End: The Pakistan Army's Way of War, argues that its strategic culture is a Kamikaze-like will to weaken "Hindu-dominated" India, come what may. Fair writes, "Pakistan will suffer any number of military defeats in its efforts to do so, but it will not acquiesce to India." For the Generals, any accommodation with India is "genuine and total defeat."
Warnings by India's leadership in the wake of the border clashes — that "times have changed" and that we would raise the costs of Pakistani adventurism to "unaffordable" levels by hitting back strongly — misread the suicidal logic of the Pakistani army. Pakistan is certainly inferior in conventional military terms and economically broke vis-a-vis a rising India, but expecting the former to respect this power disparity and back off from provocations is to forget former Pakistani Prime Minister Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto's dictum: "Even if we have to eat grass, we will make nuclear bombs" to match India.
If the Pakistani state is not guided by rational costbenefit thinking, the belief that we can somehow pummel and compel it to become benign is misguided.
Even Israel, which enjoys massive advantages over Hamas and Hezbollah in conventional military means, has not succeeded in silencing the guns of its rivals by means of disproportionate force. Be it Pakistan or combatants in the Middle East, the death-defying jihadist mindset is not cowed down by conventional superiority of the opponent.
So, what might actually produce the "credible deterrence" from attacks that Indian defence minister Arun Jaitley is touting? It has to be a mix of unconventional covert missions that blunt hardline Islamists and their allies in the Pakistani military, combined with routine political dialogue.
Much of the bad blood at the LoC is linked to infiltration of jihadists into India from Pakistani terrain under the cover of official army shelling. India has to take the battle to the launching points and supply-chain trail of these mujahideen inside Pakistani territory.
This would entail a westward shift of the point of kinetic action away from the LoC and IB, sparing innocent civilians in precarious border areas who are presently bearing the brunt of the two armies.
Simultaneously, dialogue channels with Sharif and some sections of the Pakistani military are essential, even if no solution or settlement is likely. Negotiation with intractable and camouflaged foes is necessary to glean valuable insights into bargaining tactics, bottom lines and authority structures of the adversary. As winter sets into Kashmir, the high-calibre weapons will head for their seasonal rest. The intelligence operations and diplomacy must go on.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India-Pakistan peace talks: A novel international settlement(By conferring him the award,…)
By Sriram Balasubramanian
Friday's announcement of this year's Nobel Peace Prize winners caught most of us by surprise. Considering the current political backdrop between India and Pakistan — especially with mortars from both countries over the international border keeping both countries on the edge — the Nobel being jointly awarded to Pakistan's Malala Yousafzai and India's Kailash Satyarthi can be interpreted as a signal to the two countries of the two laureates, rather than just being a confirmation of the good work done by the winners.
It also points to the fact that in the smog of negative news that the subcontinent delivers most of the time for the rest of the world, good work that is overlooked has also been recognised by an international body.
While one can argue about the validity of Malala and Satyarthi chosen as the two winners, the joint Peace Prize, as always when a Peace Prize is shared, offers lessons to opinion-makers in both countries. Malala was a front-runner for the Nobel last year due to her incredible journey from near-death in the hands of the Taliban in 2012 to being aglobal icon for the empowerment of women and children.
Her unassuming personality coupled with the support of the western media made her a global icon — and, dare we say, darling — over the last year. On Friday, she was awarded the Nobel for her campaign work based in Britain for the education of girls and women in Pakistan and the world.
Critics had earlier panned her inexperience and drew a distinction between being a global mascot for child rights and her actually not doing much groundwork for any considerable period that promoted 'peace'. That criticism will hold even after she has been awarded the Nobel Prize.
The surprise co-winner Satyarthi is, in a way, diagonally opposite to Malala. The electrical engineer-turned-social activist has spent over 30 years fighting for child rights in India, primarily through the Bachpan Bachao Andolan. He has been rarely covered by the Indian media, never mind the international media, and his credentials stem purely from the work he has been 'quietly' doing.
By conferring him the award, the Nobel Committee has stuck to its mandate of awarding the prize to those who deserve it irrespective of their relative anonymity. The arduous work of Satyarthi and the popular appeal of Malala make for a potent mix that somewhat restores the sanctity of the Nobel Peace Prize whose past winners have been controversial (Barack Obama in 2009, the European Union in 2012) or low key (Ellen Johnson Sirleaf and Tawakkol Karman in 2011).
Both Satyarthi and Malala have worked with a bigger goal in mind despite the apathy and obstacles that they have faced in their respective societies. The India-Pakistan narrative has often been undermined by short-term thinking and this 'India-Pakistan' Nobel injects a bit of 'long-termness' in that narrative. In a way, the Nobel Prize to Satyarthi and Malala, even while recognising their work and worth, provides an unexpectant counternarrative to the usual (and ongoing) subcontinental soap opera.
Malala has been rightly held up as an example in human courage and determination because she stood up when no one else would. Delivering her speech at the United Nations in July 2013, Malala singularly seemed to be at odds with whatever her home country Pakistan seemed to stand for.
In a way, her receiving the Nobel on Friday is a bigger affront to the current Pakistani civilian government that lacks the very mettle that one of its own has displayed.
To consider the Nobel Peace Prize being politically-motivated is a nonsequitur of sorts. Almost all, if not all, Nobel Peace Prizes are political in the truest sense. They are given to make a point or to prove a point or goad a point. This year's prize being shared by an Indian and a Pakistani does not, in any way, reduce the fact that the prize has been given to two remarkable individuals.
But at the same time, it would be wise and indeed fulfilling to realise that the Nobel Committee, with its own not-to-be-underestimated powers of influence, has nudged two battling, bickering countries to see what their two prized citizens can be capable of.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Reliance Industries looking to sell US shale gas stake for $4.5 billionReliance Industries looking to sell US shale gas interest for $4.5 billion
PTI Oct 11, 2014, 02.48PM IST
Tags:
Alpha
(Reliance Industries is…)
NEW YORK: Reliance Industries is looking to sell its 45 per cent stake in the Eagle Ford basin shale oil and gas venture in the US for an estimated USD 4.5 billion.
RIL, which bought 45 per cent interest in Pioneer Natural Resources Co's Eagle Ford shale formation of south Texas for USD 1.3 billion, is working with Citigroup Inc and Bank of America Merrill Lynch to find a buyer, industry sources said.
When contacted, a company spokesperson said, "Reliance constantly strives to identify means by which to create additional value for its shareholders" but declined to comment on the specific sale.
"It is Reliance's policy not to comment on market speculation. If there are any required disclosures, Reliance will make them at the appropriate time," the spokesperson said.
Pioneer holds 46 per cent in the Eagle Ford venture while the remaining 9 per cent is with Alpha SAB's Newpeck LLC. Newpek too is exploring opportunities to sell its share and is being advised by Tudor Pickering Holt & Co.
RIL is also selling its investment in EFS Midstream LLC , an oil and gas gathering treatment and transportation network, sources said.
EFS Midstream operates 11 central gathering plants in south Texas.
RIL, in a July presentation to investors, had stated that it has invested a total of USD 3.91 billion in Pioneer joint venture since inception. 472 wells have been drilled to date with average production rate of 676 million standard cubic feet per day.
The Eagle Ford assets spread over 230,000 acres have become more attractive after the US Commerce Department in June gave Pioneer permission to export a type of ultralight oil known as condensate produced from the region.
The approval will "help ease pressure on differentials, which has remained key challenge," RIL had stated in the presentation.
Besides Eagle Ford, RIL has two more shale ventures in US - 40 per cent stake in Chevron's Marcellus shale acreage and a 60 per cent interest in Carrizo Oil and Gas Inc's Marcellus shale acreage in Central and Northeast Pennsylvania.
According to RIL's July presentation, the company has till date invested USD 0.87 billion in the Carrizo joint venture and another USD 2.59 billion in the Chevron venture. Its total investment in US was USD 7.36 billion.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rahul Gandhi to do a BJP  veterans will make way for Gen NextComments
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi is planning to do a BJP on his party — an extensive organisational overhaul that will see many powerful veterans make way for Gen Next leaders handpicked by him, HT has learnt.
The party’s highest decision-making body, the Congress Working Committee (CWC), would see a generational shift. Most of the general secretaries and state in-charges, too, are likely to be dropped, a party leader in know of Rahul’s plan told HT.
“Senior leaders will be around but their role will be more of margdarshaks (guides), much like what the BJP created for LK Advani and Murli Manohar Joshi,” a Congress leader close to Rahul told HT on condition of anonymity.
After its worst-ever Lok Sabha performance this summer, the Congress has often seen the old guard and young leaders clash on the way the party is run. Many seniors have blamed the “Rahul brigade” for the party’s humiliation.
Rahul’s “reform plan” would be pushed after the October 15 Maharashtra and Haryana state polls, sources said.
Many Nehru-Gandhi family loyalists, who supported Sonia Gandhi during the ‘trying’ Narasimha Rao years and later, could see their long innings draw to a close, sources said.
“I’m not sure whether Soniaji will agree to Rahul’s proposal to dump those who made her a success story in Indian politics,” a party veteran said.
“Rahul’s own team has virtually been running all elections since 2012 Uttar Pradesh assembly polls. He may need to replace them first.”
“As for us, we will accept whatever Soniaji decides. You really need some radical steps to rejuvenate the Congress and if it means retirement for us, so be it.”
Sonia, he said, would go by Rahul’s plan as it is he who would eventually take over the party. “She may find it better to let Rahul make the changes he wants when she is at the helm,” a Congress functionary said.
“Rahul’s aides often argue that he “never got a free hand”, whether it was in picking candidates or devising the poll strategy. “The seniors always managed to get their way,” a young leader said, pointing to how chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda got his pick of candidates for the state elections.
Veterans, however, wonder if the party has enough talent to carry out what one of them described as Rahul’s “poore ghar ke badal daloonga” plan, borrowing the tagline from an old advertisement for a light bulb that talked of a complete overhaul.
“His close aide Madhusudan Mistry, in-charge of UP, drew a blank in the Lok Sabha election. Mohan Prakash has the record of finishing the party in every state that he has been given control of, be it Gujarat, J-K or Maharashtra,” a party general secretary said.
“Both Soniaji and Rahul talk about the party’s utter failure to communicate with people, but who has been in charge of the media department? Rahul’s close aide Ajay Maken.”
The 44-year-old leader’s so-called experiments in states have not met with much success.
While Rajasthan chief Sachin Pilot salvaged his reputation in the recent assembly bypolls, his counterparts in Haryana and Madhya Pradesh have failed to make any impact.
Similarly, Rahul-appointed leaders in Uttar Pradesh could all but watch from the sidelines the party’s decimation in the state that sends the highest number of MPs, 80, to the Lok Sabha. “For long, we have been blamed. Let him (Rahul) take charge and turn it around,” a party veteran said.

NPPA slaps Rs 300-crore penalty on NovartisNPPA slaps Rs 300-crore penalty on Novartis
Sushmi Dey | New Delhi Oct 13, 2014 12:58 AM IST
The National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) has imposed a fine of around Rs 300 crore on Swiss multinational drug company Novartis for overcharging consumers on sale of Voveran, its best-selling painkiller medicine.
The drug pricing regulator also served a showcause notice on the company, asking to explain within two weeks why action should not be taken against it for overcharging, a source in the know of the development, who did not wish to be named, told Business Standard.
Novartis' analgesic brand, Voveran, is based on diclofenac, a component that is under the government's direct price control. According to IMS Health annual data, Voveran, with annual sales of about Rs 225 crore, was among the top 10 brands in the domestic drug retail market as of April this year.
PAIN FOR THE DRUG
Voveran, Novartis’ analgesic brand, is based on diclofenac, a component under the government’s direct price control
According to IMS Health annual data, with annual sales of about Rs 225 crore, Voveran was among the top 10 brands in the domestic drug retail market as of April this year
A strip of 15 Voveran SR 100 mg tablets currently costs Rs 102, while one of 50 mg comes for Rs 74
When contacted, a spokesperson for Novartis confirmed the company had received a notice from NPPA. "However the basis of the demand itself has been challenged by us before the Delhi High Court. Since the matter is sub judice, we are unable to comment further," she said.
The new drug price control order, implemented in May last year, brought 348 medicines under price control. The prices of these were capped at an average of the prices of all drugs with more than one per cent market share in their respective segments.
However, Novartis, Cipla and GlaxoSmithKline had approached the court in July last year to protest against provisions of the new order, which required them to replace within 45 days their stocks in the market with new ones mentioning revised prices.
According to a trade source, a strip of 15 Voveran SR 100 mg tablets currently costs Rs 102, while one of 50 mg comes for Rs 74.
Voveran's market share is believed to have dipped since the new pricing regime came into force. The IMS data show the value growth of the drug has fallen 14.5 per cent from last year.
Industry analysts say Voveran faced a sharp cut after the new price control order as it was one of the more expensive brands in the segment and had a huge market share.
Recently, a Delhi High Court Bench of judges B D Ahmed and Vibhu Bakhru said representatives of pharma companies should hold a meeting with NPPA and the government to settle the matter. "You hold a meeting with the director of NPPA and come back in October. We expect the meeting to take place and be concluded before the next date of hearing (October 30). You should try to resolve the issue once and for ever. We are also tired of hearing it," the court said while hearing a bunch of petitions moved by drug makers challenging the government's new drug pricing order.

An event to remember: ISL kicks off with glittering ceremonyprint
From left to right, Abhishek Bachchan, Ranbir Kapoor, Priyanka Chopra, Nita Ambani, Sachin Tendulkar and Hrithik Roshan during the opening ceremony of the Indian Super League (ISL) in Salt Lake, Kolkata. (Subhendu Ghosh/HT Photo)
The presence of biggies from Bollywood, sports and business world notwithstanding, it was Sachin Tendulkar who stole the show at the gala opening ceremony of the Indian Super League.
As he walked into the grounds of the Yuva Bharati Krirangan Stadium in Kolkata, the legendary cricketer got a standing ovation from the 68000 spectators present there.
Just like it used to happen at the Eden Gardens during his cricketing career, the crowd cheered him and chanted 'Sachin, Sachin' as if he was going to bat once again for Team India.
Bollywood actress Priyanka Chopra introduced Tendulkar to the crowd saying he is "the greatest sporting legend of our country".
After addressing him as "Sachin Sir", Chopra also joined the crowd in cheering him.Watch: B-town celebs grace ISL's opening ceremony
Bengal's favourite son and former Team India captain Sourav Ganguly, actors Hrithik Roshan, Ranbir Kapoor, Abhishek Bachchan, John Abraham and industrialist Mukesh Ambani and others were present.
However, Team India skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni, who co-owns Chennai team, and Virat Kohli, who co-owns the Goan team, were not at the stadium to represent their teams at the inaugural ceremony.

Future Retail  Future Lifestyle gain on pact with Amazon IndiaFuture Retail, Future Lifestyle gain on pact with Amazon India
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 13, 2014 09:34 AM IST
Shares of Future Retail and Future Lifestyle Fashions were up over 3% after the Future Group announced a strategic tie-up with Amazon India.
The alliance will leverage the strong product knowledge, extensive brand portfolio and sourcing base of Future Group, and the e-commerce platform, customer base and reach of Amazon.in, Future Group said in a release.
Following the launch, customers on Amazon.in platform can now expect the largest online stores of Future Group fashion brands such as Lee Cooper, Converse, Indigo Nation, Scullers or Jealous 21, among others, the release said.
Future Retail opened at Rs 118 and touched a high of Rs 120 so far. Over 81,000 shares were traded on both the stock exchanges so far.
Future Lifestyle opened at Rs 95 and touched a high of Rs 96 so far. Over 32,000 shares were traded on both the stock exchanges so far.

Novartis India falls after NPPA s Rs 300 crore penaltyNovartis India falls after NPPA's Rs 300 crore penalty
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 13, 2014 09:26 AM IST
Novartis India has declined around 3.5% in early morning trade at BSE on account of being penalised by National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA)
The NPPA has imposed a fine of around Rs 300 crore on Swiss multinational drug company Novartis for overcharging consumers on sale of Voveran, its best-selling painkiller medicine.
Voveran, Novartis’ analgesic brand, is based on diclofenac, a component under the government’s direct price control. According to IMS Health annual data, with annual sales of about Rs 225 crore, Voveran was among the top 10 brands in the domestic drug retail market as of April this year A strip of 15 Voveran SR 100 mg tablets currently costs Rs 102, while one of 50 mg comes for Rs 74.
The stocks opened at Rs 675 and hit a low of Rs 651 with around 9,000 shares changing hands on BSE counters, so far. The company is not listed on NSE.

PVR gains on fund buyingPVR gains on fund buying
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 13, 2014 09:37 AM IST
Shares of multiplex chain operator PVR has trading 4% higher at Rs 646 on BSE in otherwise weak market after Sundaram Mutual Fund acquired nearly over one percentage points stake in the company through open market.
Sundaram Mutual Fund bought 576,202 shares representing 1.4% stake in PVR at Rs 603 per share through bulk deal on BSE.
On October 10, 2014 Sundaram Select Midcap purchased 347,519 shares of PVR at Rs 603 per share, while Sundaram Mutual Fund A/c Sundaram Select Microcap Series VI bought 228,683 shares of the company at Rs 603 per share on the BSE, the bulk deal data shows.
Name of the sellers not disclosed by the company.
The stock opened at Rs 630 and touched high of Rs 669 on BSE. A combined 32,000 shares changed hands on the counter in early morning deals on BSE and NSE.
 

Diamond Power Infra surges post Q2 resultsDiamond Power Infra surges post Q2 results
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 13, 2014 10:01 AM IST
Diamond Power Infrastructure has surged 13% to Rs 131 on BSE after reporting 29% year-on-year (yoy) growth in net profit at Rs 40.32 crore for the second quarter ended September 2014 (Q2), on back of strong operational income. The company had profit of Rs 31.19 crore during the same quarter last fiscal.
Net sales of the company for the quarter grew 34.5% to Rs 896 crore against Rs 666 crore in previous year quarter.
The stock opened at Rs 123 and touched a high of Rs 133 on BSE. The trading volumes on the counter surged over three-fold with a combined 891,136 shares changed hands in first 45 minutes of trade on BSE and NSE.
 

Amazon and Future Group sign deal to sell apparel onlineAmazon, Future Group ink deal to sell goods online
Agencies  Mumbai, October 13, 2014
First Published: 10:20 IST(13/10/2014) | Last Updated: 15:57 IST(13/10/2014)
Comments
India's largest retailer Future Group has entered into a strategic parnership with the world's largest online store Amazon to jointly sell goods online.
According to the deal, Kishore Biyani's Future group's portfolio of over 40 brands will be retailed exclusively through Amazon.in platform, with the initial focus on the Future Group fashion brands.
The company is known for having a significant prominence in Indian retail and fashion sectors with lifestyle stores like Brand Factory and Central and popular supermarket chains like Big Bazaar and Food Bazaar.
An employee packs orders in the Fulfilment Centre for online retail giant Amazon in Peterborough, central England.(AFP photo)
 
This comes just after Biyani complained of e-commerce companies, particularly Flipkart, of under-cutting the market and selling products at even below the cost price.
 
"The alliance will leverage strong product knowledge, extensive brand portfolio and sourcing base of Future Group, and the e-commerce platform, customer base and reach of Amazon.in.The partnership will initially focus on Future Group's fashion brands and will subsequently cover all other categories," Future Group said in a statement.
 
Future Group's current portfolio of over 40 brands will be retailed exclusively online through Amazon.in platform.
 
"The bottomline in each of our retail success stories is "know your customer". Insights into the soul of Indian consumers - how they operate, think, dream and live - helps us innovate and create functionally differentiating products and experiences.
 
"Partnership with Amazon, which obsesses to be earth's most customer-centric company, will enable us to leverage their strengths, investments and innovations in technology to reach out to wider set of consumers across India," it said.
 
Commenting on the tie-up, Biyani said: "Partnership with Amazon, which obsesses to be earth's most customer-centric company, will enable us to leverage their strengths, investments and innovations in technology to reach out to wider set of consumers across India."  
"We are excited to collaborate, leverage each other's unique strengths and serve customers across India. The product portfolio of Future Group, their innate understanding of the Indian consumer mindset and our ability to serve and deliver a convenient, easy, trusted and reliable delivery experience to a nationwide set of customers is a win-win for all," said Amit Agarwal, vice president and Country Manager, Amazon India.
 
Amazon.in will also partner Future Group brands in promoting the existing and new brands in markets, explore co-branding opportunities and accelerate new product development in categories which are currently not served by retailers, the company said.
 
The two firms will also explore synergies in areas such as distribution network, customer acquisition and cross-promotions.
Immediately after the news broke Monday, the shares for Future Retail Ltd jumped 6.4% while that of Future Lifestyle Fashions Ltd gained 5%.

Infosys @ record high as brokere up target priceYou are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Infosys hits fresh record high as brokerages raise target price post Q2 results
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 13, 2014, 10.11AM IST
Tags:
CLSA
(Infosys reported results…)
NEW DELHI: India's second largest outsourcer, Infosys surged as much 1.6 per cent to hit its fresh record high of Rs 3953 in trade today on Friday, after many global brokerage firms raised their respective 12-months target price post Q2 results declared on Friday last week.
Infosys reported results for the quarter ended September 30 last week with operating margins and net profit stood ahead of most analysts' expectations. Volume growth was healthy at 3.0 per cent QoQ and price realization inched up by 0.6 per cent QoQ.
The management has kept its FY15 USD revenue growth guidance unchanged at 7-9 per cent implying CQGR of 1.4-3.8 per cent for the next two quarters.
Most brokerage firms such as CLSA, JPMorgan and HSBC have maintained their rating, but increased their respective 12 months target price on the stock.
CLSA which has a 'BUY' rating on the stock also has the most aggressive 12 months target price on the stock of Rs 4700, which translates into an upside of 20 per cent from Friday's closing price of Rs 3888.95.
JPMorgan and HSBC both maintain an 'Overweight' stance on the stock but have raised their respective 12-months target price on the stock. JPMorgan increased its target price to Rs 4200 from Rs 3900 earlier, while HSBC raised to 4260 from Rs 4190 earlier.
The stock has been in a clear uptrend post Q2 results. The stock hit a fresh lifetime high of 3953 in trade on Monday despite muted trend in the overall markets.
At 09:50 a.m.; Infosys was trading 1.03 per cent higher at Rs 3929. It hit a low of Rs 3890 and a record high of Rs 3953 in trade today.
The stock is trading at 14x our FY17e EPS and should provide returns at least in line with the earnings growth, say analysts. Infosys still trades at only a modest premium to Nifty and in line with its 5-year median P/E.
"We marginally revise our FY16 earnings by 3 per cent our estimates. Unlike most other IT stocks , there is a potential for earnings upgrade if the new growth strategy and the new management is successful," HSBC said in a report.
HSBC is of the view that a sustainable progress will continue and if the new CEO is able to successfully implement its growth strategy we believe there is upside to our 12%/13% growth estimate for FY16/17, they say.
The company's board approved an interim dividend of Rs 30 per share and a bonus issue of one equity share for every equity share held which also boosted sentiment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Future Group shares rally 6% on Amazon tie-upFuture Group shares surge 6.4% as company ties up with Amazon
By Reuters | 13 Oct, 2014, 10.01AM IST
Future Group, the parent company, said that it is in a strategic partnership with Amazon Inc to sell its products through Amazon.in platform.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Shares of Future Retail Ltd surged as much as 6.4 per cent, while Future Lifestyle Fashions advanced 5 per cent.
Future Group , the parent company, said that it is in a strategic partnership with Amazon Inc to sell its products through Amazon.in platform.
Traders see this as an opportunity to tap online market and may increase their revenue substantially.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

RIL Q2 profit seen rising 2% to Rs 5 600 cr; here s how to play counter ahead of resultsYou are here: Home > Collections > Ril
What should investors do with RIL ahead of Q2 results?
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 13, 2014, 11.39AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The oil & gas major is expected…)
NEW DELHI: Reliance Industries Ltd is scheduled to declare its results for the quarter ended September 30 post market hours on Monday, 13 October.
The oil & gas major is expected to report 2 per cent YoY rise in its net profit number to Rs 5,600 crore for the quarter ended September 30, as compared to Rs 5,490 crore reported in the year-ago period, according to an ET Now Poll.
However, net sales are expected to decline by 3.3 per cent YoY to Rs 1,00,300 crore as compared to Rs 1,03,758 crore reported in the year-ago period, added the poll.
Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) which has the third highest weightage in the S&P BSE Sensex managed to rally a little over 8 per cent as compared to 22 per cent rally seen in the BSE oil & gas index and 24 per cent gain recorded in the BSE Sensex. In this calendar year, Reliance made low at Rs 793 and high at Rs 1142.50 (BSE).
RIL has been trading with declining bias since June, 2014 (down nearly 10%) and has retraced from Rs 1100 levels to monthly support area of around Rs 920 in September 2014.
It appears that the stock is currently in a consolidation phase and trading below the long term averages (100, 200 EMA) on the daily chart.
This scrip is a complete underperformer, but it appears to have bottomed out at a recent low of Rs 917 after retracing 62 per cent of its last leg of rise from the lows of Rs 793 - 1140 levels, say analysts. Usually, this kind of retracement supports after large corrections.
"In the last couple of trading sessions after registering a double bottom around 920 level this scrip is rallying may be in anticipation of some positive outcome ahead of its results," said Mazhar Mohammad , Technical Research Strategist, Chartviewindia.in.
"Hence, risky investors can create long positions with a stop below Rs 935 for a target of Rs 990," he added.
If history is anything to go by then shares of Reliance Industries have largely ended flat to positive note. Considering the fact that RIL always declares results post market hours, the impact is felt a day after the results.
RIL results have largely remained a dampener, but analysts are still not giving up on the oil & gas major yet. Being an index major, we generally see sharp reaction on result day due to participants' interest, say analysts.
"Investors' can uphold their position as Reliance has potential to retest 1100 in next six months and it also hold strong support around 900-920 zone so the profit to loss ratio is quite favorable for investment at current juncture," said Ajit Mishra, AVP - Equity Retail Research, Religare Securities Ltd.
However, the stock could show some big swings ahead of results, say analysts RIL has been on the path of recovery this week and good results could trigger a big rally in the stock.
"Investors are advised to hold the stock for a target of 1050-1075 if the results are good rather than booking Profits on small rallies," said S.M Sakthi Prakaash" Lead Analyst, WealthRays Securities.
After looking the movement of past two quarters results, stock had not given huge upside or downside movement post results and has traded sideways. Considering the fact that RIL is not expected to do a whole lot in September quarter any negative news can triggers deep cuts in the stock.
"RIL on daily chart is looking bearish; traders should adopt sell on higher level strategy currently stock is trading around 960. If stock further retraces till the level of 1000 one can sell it and can expect the target of 900 in downside," said Vivek Gupta, CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
"One should maintain stop loss of 1040 in it. Those who are still holding Reliance are suggested to close 50 per cent of the position in it & for remaining 50% they should maintain stop loss of 910. Short term traders can adopt sell on higher level strategy," he added.
We have collated list of strategies from different analysts which can be deployed by investors ahead of RIL Q2 results:
Puneet Kinra (AVP Research (Equity Technical), Bonanza Portfolio Ltd
On Monthly charts, Reliance has support at 900-875 levels and Resistance at 1050 levels. Stock has the habit of gap up and gap down on result day. At the moment, Reliance is trading in Intermediate down trend and short term down trend," said
It is showing reaction rally of decline. Any decline in Reliance near 900 levels may be good buying opportunity for medium term target of 1050 and then 1150 levels. On the other hand, if Reliance maintain above 975 levels then it may achieve its first target 1050 in short term time.
Ajit Mishra | AVP - Equity Retail Research, Religare Securities Ltd.
Keeping in mind the current chart formation, a trader can initiate a mildly bullish option strategy - Bull spread. Buy a current month call option of 960 strike which is roughly trading around 24 and sell a current month call option of 1000 strike around 10. So, the max loss in this strategy is Rs 3500 and the profit is also limited to Rs 6500.

Sensex  Nifty hit 8-week lowThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Andhra  Odisha step up relief work a day after Hudhud poundingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Amazon  Kishore Biyani s Future Group ink pact; focus on fashion brandsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Maharashtra Campaign Rally LIVE: PM Modi in Palghar  Says Congress Looted from PThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Pistorius back in court for pre-sentencing argumentsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

BJP s demands would have wiped out Shiv Sena: Uddhav ThackerayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

RIL edges higher ahead of Q2 resultsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Future Group  Amazon sign pact to sell goods onlineHi Guest
Future Group, Amazon sign pact to sell goods online
Kishore Biyani-led Future Group and global retail giant Amazon today entered into a strategic partnership to build on synergies of experience in online and offline businesses. This comes days after Biyani complained of e-commerce companies, particularly Flipkart, of under-cutting the market and selling products at even below the cost price. The alliance will leverage strong product knowledge, extensive brand portfolio and sourcing base of Future Group, and the e-commerce platform, customer base ...

Rupee up 8 paise to 61.27 against dollar in early tradeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

"Terrorism can be defeated by toilets  not just guns"Terrorism in India can be defeated by toilets, and not just guns
By MJ Akbar,  | 12 Oct, 2014, 12.38PM IST
0
Share More
The children of 1981 had become the youth of 1991, and the cry of insurrection was raging through mosque and lane in Srinagar.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
More than two decades have passed, but the memory of a conversation with a very senior leader of the Jamaat-e-Islami Kashmir remains etched in the mind as a formative experience. It was a summer of serenity in the Valley .The patriarch, Sheikh Abdullah, was chief minister. Kashmir was at peace with itself. But this Jamaat cleric foresaw a gathering storm that we missed in our complacence.
"You Indians," he told me, "look very happy, but your time is over. Our (Kashmiri) children have stopped going to your (state) schools. They are coming to my madrassas. Do you know why? Not because you offered brilliant education. They went because your schools had toilets, and their homes had none.
But after years of neglect those toilets are broken. Toilets in our madrassas are clean and covered. If my children spend ten years in my schools, who will they believe when they leave? Me, or your India?" A decade later, when working in the HRD ministry and still haunted by this question, I convened a meeting of relevant education ministry officials in the winter capital, Jammu. We had a one-point agenda: to repair schools and toilet facilities. Nothing happened. But something had changed outside.
The children of 1981 had become the youth of 1991, and the cry of insurrection was raging through mosque and lane in Srinagar.
Two generations of schoolchildren later, the moment has arrived when a national sanitation campaign can restore the toilets we lost to secessionists. This is not Kashmir-specific. The response to Naxalite violence in Chhattisgarh or Jharkhand or Odisha also begins in schools, for education offers a future that the present has denied to the impoverished. Schools will defeat Naxalites far more easily than guns. Privileged India has never quite understood the insecurity that absence of a toilet represents, or the dignity its presence offers. Our eyes have become smug after centuries of indifference. We do not think of the poor as equal human beings.
A broom is only a starting point. The real challenge of sanitation is not dry dust but wet dirt. A broom only displaces dust. Modern technology can now deal with a problem as old as existence. One of the agreements signed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama was WASH, a water, health and sanitation programme in which USAID and organizations like the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation will offer the latest expertise to the Clean India campaign.
But by picking up a broom, enthusing other icons to follow the lead, and offering Mahatma Gandhi as the lodestar of his movement, Narendra Modi challenged our mindset and ignited an offensive against prejudices deeply ingrained within the social history of India, across all religions. A familiar image of Gandhi shows him with a broom, kicking up dust. Perhaps it should have been an image of Gandhi cleaning lavatories in his ashram. This was compulsory for every inmate. If you could not bear to do so, you were free to leave. He refused to outsource the management of dirt to a designated caste.
Page 1 of 2

Don t bribe Pakistan with gas when we need it moreYou are here: Home > Collections > Gas
Don't bribe Pakistan with gas when we need it more
Swaminathan S Anklesaria Aiyar, ET Bureau Oct 12, 2014, 06.37AM IST
Tags:
Gas
(The govt seems serious about…)
The government seems serious about a ridiculous proposal — supplying Pakistan five million units of imported gas per day, enough for two large power plants. When India is desperately short of gas, this is folly.
Many Indian power plants lie closed for want of gas. The consequent power shortage translates into lakhs of farmers with idle tubewells, hundreds of industries without power, and hence thousands of people without jobs. One industry is buying gas from coal mines at $22unit, five times the government controlled price of $4.2unit, indicating high scarcity. Why deprive Indians of gas to meet Pakistani needs? Diplomats claim the gas deal will improve Indo-Pak relations. I am all for it, but why in this manner? As a free trader, I favour lifting all barriers to trade and investment between the two countries. But Pakistan says no.
For decades, it refused to normalize economic relations till the Kashmir dispute was resolved, which meant forever. In recent years, Asif Ali Zardari and Nawaz Sharif have spoken of normalizing relations. Yet neither has found it politically possible to take the first step: giving India equal trade access with all members of the World Trade Organization.
This MFN (most favoured nation) rule is the foundation of WTO: each member offers non-discriminatory access to all others. This rule can be abrogated only on security grounds. India has long granted Pakistan MFN status, but Pakistan has refused to reciprocate — an explicit declaration of hostility. India and China have a disputed border and history of war, yet grant one another MFN status.
Two Pakistani leaders have promised MFN status but not delivered. Clearly, Pakistan is not ready for normalcy.
It faces virtual civil war in its north-west, with the army battling jihadis. Nawaz Sharif 's peace talks with the Taliban have ended in disaster. He is under siege in the capital, and has lost control of the administration.
One day, Pakistan will get its act together and realize that its own interests require normal economic relations with India. Let's wait for that day. Such realization can come only through Pakistan's own political dynamics. It must first convince itself that normal trade is an excellent thing.
Indian giveaways cannot create that conviction.
  Worse, such Indian sops will actually subsidize the antitrade lobbies in Pakistan by reducing the pain of its stupid policies. Saving Pakistan from the consequences of its own stupidity can only aggravate that stupidity, not end it.
One blunt critic says: "The diplomatic argument seems to be that if only India drops its pants and offers its rear to Pakistan, this will lead in due course lead to normal intercourse." That's putting it too strongly, but you get the idea.
I am not among those seeking to ban economic relations with Pakistan till it stops aiding terrorists. I believe India must give Pakistan MFN status. But if Pakistan refuses to reciprocate, it is plain silly to try and bribe it into friendship through gas deals at the expense of Indian consumers.
India imports gas from the Gulf. Pumping it to Wagah will entail much cost and energy. The Jalandhar-Wagah pipeline will cost Rs 500 crore. Don't we have better uses for scarce funds? Pakistan is believed to have offered a price that covers costs of transporting gas to the Wagah border. So what? Surely Pakistani consumers must compete with Indians in open auctions. If Indians are willing to pay $22unit, how can Pakistan be offered a lower price? Indian consumers pay 5% import duty on gas. Yet the government proposes waiving import duty for sales to Pakistan. Why favour Pakistanis over Indians? Diplomats argue that one day gas from Turkmenistan will be pumped through Afghanistan to Pakistan and India.
By supplying gas to Pakistan today, India will create a friendly atmosphere that ensures safe Turkmen supplies.
Sorry, but if Pakistan is so unreliable that it has to be bribed in advance, why have such a deal at all? Some security experts strongly oppose the Turkmenistan deal, saying Pakistan can choke off gas to India at will. This dire outcome cannot be prevented by supplying Pakistan with gas in advance. Rather, the Turkmen deal must include a clause for supplying gas to a 4,000 MW power plant in India, jointly owned by India and Pakistan, half of whose output will be exported to Pakistan. That way, if Pakistan ever stops gas supply to India, it will automatically lose 2,000 MW of electric supply, and Lahore will suffer blackouts.
This is the sort of deal that ensures mutual benefits and trust, and discourages unilateral sabotage. That is the way to go.
FEATURED ARTICLES

An idiot-proof and swachh guide to nationalismAn idiot-proof and swachh guide to nationalism
By Gurcharan Das,  | 12 Oct, 2014, 12.30PM IST
0
Share More
In this kindly act ‘civilization’ was born. Those without civic virtue were called idiots in Greece, which is, indeed, the origin of the word ‘idiot’.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Civic virtue seldom comes naturally to human beings. It needs constant, relentless reminding and nowhere more than in India, which is still struggling to create citizens out of its people. The word 'civic' comes from ancient Greece and is related to 'city' and 'civility'. A 'citizen' lived in a city and a 'civilized' person was expected to show concern for his fellow citizens. In this kindly act 'civilization' was born. Those without civic virtue were called idiots in Greece, which is, indeed, the origin of the word 'idiot'.
Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is India's most ambitious programme to teach civic virtue to its citizens. Snatching the jhadoo from Arvind Kejriwal's uneasy hands and Mahatma Gandhi from Congress' anxious embrace, Narendra Modi has launched what is billed as the biggest drive in India's history to clean the nation. He hopes to succeed in this modernizing project where the Mahatma and previous governments failed partly because of technology. In his mind, universal cleanliness is on par with universal Wi-Fi. Vikas is not only about growth rates, he says, but also about improving the quality of peoples' lives — and clean spaces help to do that.
Frustrated by the lack of market reforms, liberals are realizing that Modi is a pragmatic modernizer, not a liberal reformer like Margaret Thatcher. He wants to transform India by changing attitudes and improving the functioning of the state — through better execution and efficient delivery of services. Without worrying about the colour of the cat (as long as it catches mice), he will reform pragmatically like Deng.
He is following Singapore's modernizing Lee Kuan Yew, who proved that nations could be built upon an ethic of cleanliness. If India is to remain clean after the hype is over, Modi too will have to institute litter laws and deterrent fines. Cleanliness will also require relentless and persistent investments in sanitation and public health, and it will be money well spent.
Modi is lucky when it comes to vikas. While he has been circling the globe, inflation at home has been falling steadily, growth has begun to recover mildly, the trade deficit is declining, forex reserves are rising, the rupee is holding up, and thanks to the drop in oil prices and better returns expected from PSU disinvestments in a bullish stock market, it looks as though he will achieve his ambitious fiscal deficit target.
Hence, India's credit rating has inched up, and it is now time for the RBI to cut interest rates. The RSS never fails to remind us that Indians ought to have more national pride. Modi is, however, turning the tables on the RSS by teaching that civic pride is more important. It is, in fact, a stronger, more durable foundation for nationalism. Indeed, a civic-minded citizenry is considerate of its neighbours no matter of which caste or creed. It will not tolerate campaigns like "love jihad" which rightly lost the BJP eight out of 11 seats in Uttar Pradesh in the recent byelections. A divide is growing between the ideas of Modi and the RSS — similar to the one that grew between Atal Bihari Vajpayee and the RSS — and my bet is that the PM will prevail.
Modi is unlikely to stop tutoring us on cleaning India. By launching his campaign in Delhi's Valmiki Colony, he realizes that India will have to negotiate the formidable reality of caste and the truth about who cleans India and who doesn't. But smart cities will be his allies —Delhi's Metro has shown that clean surroundings can help to create opportunities for rubbing shoulders with fellow citizens, and build empathy and respect for them.
If he wants us to clean India every day for the rest of our lives, he ought to say this in his next speech: My fellow citizens, if only we would extend the circle of our concern by only one metre beyond the door or the gate of our home; if instead of throwing dirt over that alien one metre, we would absent-mindedly sweep it clean; and if all Indians did that, India would turn clean. This is not a pipe dream — in some cities abroad, citizens actually wash the footpath outside their home daily. A journey of a thousand miles begins with the first metre.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Opinion on Twitter Follow

Power producers seeking compensation or bail-outbusiness environment
( With the coal blocks judgement hogging…)
On August 25, the Supreme Court handed down a major judgement on the coal block allocation policy of the government. It called the manner such blocks were allotted 'ad-hoc' and 'without application of mind'. Given that nearly 60% of the power capacity in the country runs on coal, it was a judgement with major implications for the sector. But on the same day in the Supreme Court itself, an episode of another case of critical importance for the power sector was played out. With the coal blocks judgement hogging the headlines the next day, the other case received lesser attention.
Pitted against each other in this fight were, on the one hand, two power distribution companies (discoms) in Haryana; and, on the other, two of the largest power generating companies in the country, Tata Power and Adani Power. And while the SC did not hand down a final judgement in that case, what the judges said in the hearing on that day made a lot of people sit up and take notice.
The hearing centred on what has come to be known as the compensatory tariffs case. Whichever way the case finally gets decided, it is clear that the implications, both legal and financial, for the power sector are huge. Even the immediate consequences were hardly minor.
Barely two days after the hearing, Adani Power yanked 1,424 MW of power that it supplies to Haryana from its giant Mundra plant in Gujarat, though it later claimed that the event was unrelated to the SC hearing. It was forced to restore supplies earlier this week following a critical and sharply-worded ruling from APTEL — the appellate tribunal for the electricity sector (on a par with a high court). "Yes, Adani has restored power to us between October 3 and 4," says an engineer with Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam, one of the Haryana utilities.
APTEL is also the forum that is currently hearing the overall compensatory tariffs case. And even though the case has not reached its final conclusion, it has spawned a bunch of me-too cases in various courts across the country with companies asking for compensation for everything from unexpectedly sharp rupee depreciation to higher taxes to increases in land acquisition costs. All this, after signing supposedly binding contracts with state utilities.
Predicting Prices
At the heart of the case are two bids launched in 2007 and 2008 by states such as Haryana and Gujarat, among others — asking generation companies to compete for the right to supply power (the winner is the one that bids for the lowest tariff for the power). Adani and Tata were the winners in those two bids, and they bid the tariffs on the understanding that they would absorb changes in the cost of coal over the life of the bid, though they had the choice to make a bid in a way so as to pass on fuel costs to customers (the discoms). Both companies decided to import coal from Indonesian mines for the projects, located in Gujarat.
  A couple of years after Adani and Tata signed the power purchase pacts, Indonesia introduced new rules which set a minimum export price for coal, linked to international benchmarks. Effectively, this pushed up the price of coal for any company importing the commodity from Indonesia, though for the two companies in question, the impact was lower, since they owned equity stakes in the mines they bought coal from. This new law, coupled with the sharp rise in international coal prices at the time, and the weak supplies of domestic coal, made the companies throw up their hands and tell their customers that the power tariffs they had bid were now unviable, and that these should be revised. Further, they asked for compensation for the power they had already supplied at the existing tariffs citing major losses.
The case eventually ended up in the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) where Adani and Tata claimed that two clauses in the power agreements — the so-called standard 'force majeure' clause (which allows parties to revise a contract when events occur which are beyond their control, like war) and the 'change in law' clause — allowed them the right to compensation. Interestingly, the CERC rejected both these claims but allowed compensation anyway in a ruling in April last year, and appointed a committee to decide the amount.
In February this year, it decided that Tata should get about `329 crore in past compensation, and that Adani should get `829 crore. The judgement was appealed by states such as Haryana, and APTEL, in July this year, stayed the payment of past claims, but asked states to pay the revised tariffs from this year, till a final ruling in the case. Haryana appealed this ruling as well, and it was this case that ended up in the Supreme Court, and was heard on August 25.
Critical Comments

Work out a plan to deal with supply: PMO to Coal MinistryAnil Ambani
("It is essential to ensure…)
NEW DELHI: The PMO has asked the Coal Ministry to work out a plan of action to deal with the present situation -- arising out of the Supreme Court's cancelling the allocation of 214 coal blocks -- in consultation with infrastructure ministries so that end-use plants are not stranded in the absence of fuel.
"It is essential to ensure the end use plants in the infrastructure sector are not stranded for want of coal supply. Hence the ministry must have worked out a plan of action to deal with the present situation in consultation with the infrastructure ministries," the Prime Minister Office said in a recent letter to Coal Secretary S K Srivatava.
It further said that "the same may be shared with this office".
Nripendra Misra , Principal Secretary to Prime Minister Narendra Modi , had written earlier to the Coal Ministry regarding the contingency plan to deal with the implications of the Supreme Court's judgement on coal block allocation.
In a major blow to the corporate sector, the Supreme Court had last month quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks alloted to various companies since 1993 terming it as "fatally flawed" and allowed the Centre to take over operation of 42 such blocks which are functional.
It said the beneficiaries of the illegal process "must suffer" the consequences and refused to show sympathy to private companies which submitted that Rs 2.87 lakh crores have been invested in 157 coal blocks and Rs 4 lakh crores in end-use plants.
It, however, saved from the "guillotine" four allocations -- one each to SAIL and NTPC and two blocks to Sasan Power Ltd owned by Anil Ambani's Reliance Power -- and also gave a six months breathing time to rest of them to wind up their operations by March 31, 2015.
The apex court directed the the allottees of coal blocks to pay within three months an additional levy of Rs 295 per metric ton of coal extracted to compensate financial loss caused to the exchequer by the illegal and arbitrary allotments.
FEATURED ARTICLES

What explains mass grief for jailed JayalalithaaJayalalithaa
(Tamil Nadu saw more self-immolation…)
In the mad frenzy that greeted the incarceration of J Jayalalithaa — who was forced to step down immediately as Tamil Nadu chief minister — on an emotionally charged afternoon on September 27 at her Poes Garden residence in Chennai, two incidents almost went unnoticed. Petty shop owner and smalltime AIADMK worker Karpagam gave up an entire day's earnings and spent time outside Amma's (as Jayalalithaa is popularly known) house without food or water. Ravi, another party loyalist, had to be doused with buckets of water after he tried to immolate himself.
Nonetheless, these incidents set the mood for the days to come. Tamil Nadu saw more self-immolation bids and heartattacks, all of which were attributed to the jailing of Jayalalithaa in a corruption case. There were reports of people sitting in makeshift prison cells and cadres starving themselves to express solidarity. There were bizarre acts too — display of half-tonsured heads, eating food placed on the road (a ritual usually performed in temple premises called 'man sor') — all in the name of 'Amma'. These incidents were largely received with a sense of bewilderment, even disbelief, in India and abroad.
Jayalalithaa is hardly the first politician to be put behind bars. But given that such incidents typically lead to nothing more than bouts of violence and public mischief, the outpouring of grief that pervaded the days after her incarceration is certainly a first in India, if not the world. No doubt Jayalalithaa is at the peak of her popularity, thanks to a raft of welfare schemes she launched in this tenure as chief minister. That still doesn't explain the events that have and are unfolding in Tamil Nadu. It also leads to the question: is this a spontaneous or a mobilized show of support? Politicians after all have long shown a knack of 'drumming up' support for their rallies.
The Amma Cult
In Jayalalithaa's case, there are no easy answers — opinion is divided. Some experts say the cult called 'Amma' has been carefully crafted over the years. Others say the emotional outburst is indeed a spontaneous show of support by loyalists. Recalling events during the end of her first term as chief minister, C Lakshmanan of the Madras Institute of Development studies, who has researched personality cults in Tamil Nadu politics, said back then posters were put up across the state depicting Jayalalithaa as a goddess. This was aimed at projecting a larger-than-life Jayalalithaa.
"It was not for the first time though. The seeds were sown long back in Dravidian politics in Tamil Nadu. While DMK leader M Karunanidhi used the idea of developing a personality cult, ADMK leader MG Ramachandran took it to another level. Subsequently when Jayalalithaa came into the picture, it was a transfer of the cult image from MGR to her,'' Lakshmanan said. "Ideological difference has blurred between the DMK and the AIADMK and what exists are only images that are thoughtfully manufactured. The voting and following is based on how much the voter is taken in by the personality.'' No doubt, political awareness has eluded a large section of people in the state over the years. The government's activities and the simple arithmetic of money flow is not what the people are told. What is being fed to them is literature and drama with high-pitched emotional rhetoric from atop a stage. This is carefully done to project the leader as some sort of legend who commands her or his cadres' loyalty, according to Lakshmanan.
"As this feeling is being thrust into the cadres over the years, when adverse situations arise they want to do something. Those who can afford it print and paste posters on the wall hailing their leaders as Gods and martyrs while the poor who has nothing else to offer tries to self-immolate,'' Lakshmanan said.
Tirunelveli-based sociologist Perumal Manikandan offered a different view. "What is coming out is not a mad frenzy or a cult following, but a show of loyalty and a hope for future recognition," he said.
  Certain Recognition
The AIADMK has not only recognized representatives with MP and MLA posts but has also rewarded lakhs of AIADMK cadres with posts within the party and in local bodies. Even smalltime workers have begun to nurture hopes that someday they will be chosen for a higher responsibility,'' said Manikandan.

Jayalalithaa s close associate Sasikala is the pointperson even in jailJayalalithaa's close associate Sasikala is the pointperson even in jail
By Karthick S, TNN | 11 Oct, 2014, 01.32AM IST
Sources said lawyers, including senior counsel B Kumar, met Sasikalaa before and after the Karnataka high court rejected their bail plea. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
CHENNAI: With AIADMK chief J Jayalalithaa's imprisonment, party morale has hit rock bottom. There is uncertainty among the leadership and with Jayalalithaa remaining virtually incommunicado, it has been left to her close associate Sasikala to interact with senior advocates regarding legal issues and senior partymen on administrative matters, say sources.
While Sasikala's role in the Poes Garden household and her clout within the administration and party have been topics of debate in political circles, sources confirm that 'chinna amma' continues to be the pointperson for partymen and advocates even in jail . "Since she was lodged in the prison on September 27, Amma (Jayalalithaa) has not met anyone from outside. Several party seniors and some bureaucrats were keen to meet her, but she declined to meet anyone," said a senior AIADMK leader, camping in Bangalore and visiting the Parappana Agrahara prison almost every day. Prison authorities too confirmed that she did not meet any visitors. Prison rules allow convicts to meet up to six visitors in a day.
Sources said lawyers, including senior counsel B Kumar, met Sasikala before and after the Karnataka high court rejected their bail plea. A few party leaders, including Tamil Nadu highways minister Edappadi K Palaniswami, had been meeting Sasikala over the past few days to take instructions. A source confirmed that Sasikala was only passing on messages from Jayalalithaa.
"Ilavarasi's son J Vivek and her sons-in-law Rajarajan and Karthikeyan have been taking care of the needs of Amma and others in prison. Ilavarasi's two daughters are taking care of Amma's Poes Garden residence now," the source said. Meanwhile, family members of Sasikala, including her brother V Divakaran, nephew T T V Dinakaran, and close relatives T V Mahadevan and Dr S Venkatesh, met Sasikala and Ilavarasi in prison. Sources said Sasikala's husband M Natarajan too visited the Parappana Agrahara prison, but could not meet any of them.
"Family members met Sasikala and Ilavarasi to express their solidarity. We feel this is the occasion to stand by them. We don't have any political interest," a family member told TOI. All of them were expelled from AIADMK in December 2011 along with Sasikala. However, in March 2012, Jayalalithaa revoked the disciplinary action against Sasikala and permitted her to return home, But, her relatives remained expelled from the AIADMK.

TN Opposition senses opportunity to shore up prospects post-Jaya convictionAmit Shah
(Having spearheaded the…)
CHENNAI: With a vacuum created in Tamil Nadu's political scene following the conviction of AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa in a graft case, opposition parties are smelling an opportunity to strengthen their ranks ahead of the 2016 Assembly polls.
At the forefront is the DMK, whose house the party chief M Karunanidhi is trying to put in order in the wake of intra-party squabbles following the 2011 electoral debacle.
The party has gone through its share of churnings since then, including expulsion of Karunanidhi's Madurai-based son M K Alagiri from the party following his open outbursts on leadership issues.
Having self-appraised its rout at the 2011 hustings, not even managing to secure the main opposition party status, the DMK sees a glimmer of hope to shore up its prospects with Jayalalithaa's conviction.
Having spearheaded the disproportionate assets case against Jayalalithaa, with party senior K Anbazhagan impleading in the case, Karunanidhi believes the conviction of his bete noire has infused fresh energy in DMK.
"At a time when she was trying to finish off this movement (DMK), when all our comrades were tensed (about it), she herself walked into the trap, and it is a fact that she unwittingly helped in giving a push to this movement," he said.
Karunanidhi's remarks came at a recent meeting of his party's district secretaries, where he described Jayalalithaa's incarceration as her own doing.
He said Jayalalithaa may go for an appeal in the Supreme Court against her conviction, but her aspirations of coming back to power will remain a 'dream.'
However, the party is still in a Catch-22 situation as the 2G spectrum case, in which Karunanidhi's daughter Kanimozhi and junior colleague A Raja are accused, hangs like the proverbial Damocles sword. DMK chief's wife Dayalu Ammal is a witness in the CBI-probed case.
It is believed that this fact made Karunanidhi tread a cautious path over the Jayalalithaa verdict, as he remained incommunicado over the entire day on September 27 even as his reaction to Jayalalithaa's conviction, eagerly awaited by political observers, came late.
While AIADMK is perceived to be on friendly terms with BJP at the national level, with Jayalalithaa sharing cordial ties with Prime Minister Narendra Modi , leaders sing a different tune in Tamil Nadu.
The BJP's state unit, which put up a straight fight against the ruling party in the recently held bypolls to some local bodies, including Corporations, seems to be planning for 2016 after it tasted some victory in the April Lok Sabha polls though Jayalalithaa's party netted 37 of the 39 seats here.
The civic bypolls were reduced to a BJP-AIADMK fight and ever since Jayalalithaa's conviction, the saffron party is complaining of law and order situation day in and day out.
Interestingly, BJP is reportedly wooing actor Rajnikanth , apparently aiming to cash in on his star power to ensure a better performance in the next elections. The actor had earlier supported former Prime Minister A B Vajapayee's river inter-linking efforts.
Neither the actor nor BJP have denied reports of the latter's national president Amit Shah holding telephonic conversations with the star recently. The party has been facing a severe drought in the state Assembly, having been unable to return a legislator for over a decade.
AIADMK's anticipation of smooth sailing in the 2016 elections seem to be a tough task with its chief in jail and the party virtually directionless.
This has led to speculation of a realignment of political equations, with MDMK leader Vaiko, a strong critic of Karunanidhi, softening his stand against the DMK leader.
A former DMK leader , who quit the party after he fell out of favour with Karunanidhi, Vaiko in his party's recent conference did not attack the 90-year-old leader even as he welcomed DMK's stand on a referendum on Eelam Tamils issue, seen as feelers by political observers.
While the 2016 polls is still 18 months away, managers in political parties have started their calculations, aiming to stop the AIADMK juggernaut that had been steamrolling them since 2011.
The M G Ramachandran-founded party has not lost a single election since the 2011 polls even as supporters and workers are keeping their fingers crossed over 'Amma' returning to the thick of action and steer the party from the perceived blot it had suffered on September 27 when she was convicted in the disproportionate assets case.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bryans achieve another record with Masters slamBryans achieve another record with Masters slam
Reuters –  Sun 12 Oct, 2014
View Photo
Bob Bryan (L) and his brother Mike Bryan of the U.S. pose with their trophies after …
SHANGHAI (Reuters) - American twins Bob and Mike Bryan added another accolade to their lengthy resume after taking the Shanghai Masters men's doubles title on Sunday to become the first pair to win all nine ATP World Tour Masters 1000 tournaments.
The 35-year-old siblings defeated French Open champions Julien Benneteau and Edouard Roger-Vasselin 6-2 7-6(3) on the Chinese hard court to take an unprecedented 101st career title in their 152nd final.
The Masters 1000 events are the top ranking tournaments on the ATP Tour outside of the grand slams with the Bryans now boasting 31 of them after multiple wins in Indian Wells, Paris, Rome, Monte Carlo, Miami, Toronto, Madrid and Cincinnati.
They also won the now defunct Hamburg Masters in 2007.
Sunday's victory was their fifth Masters 1000 title of the season, a joint personal best, after they secured the year-end doubles number one ranking earlier this week for the 10th time.
"It's another great milestone," Bob Bryan said.
"This week was full of them for us. To come and get in the title match, have a shot at winning the tournament that's eluded us, complete the Golden Masters, is amazing.
"It was really the last thing left for us to do. We can definitely shut it down today and be happy guys."
The duo have also won 16 grand slam titles together, a record for a pair, and in 2012 became only the second team to complete a golden slam after they won the London Olympics doubles title.
(Writing by Patrick Johnston in Singapore; Editing by John O'Brien)
Recommend

US health worker tests positive for EbolaUpdated: October 15, 2014 21:33 IST
US health worker tests positive for Ebola
AP
AP A billboard warning people of Ebola in Monrovia, Liberia, seen last week.
TOPICS
viral diseases
U.S. worker had reported fever as part of a self-monitoring regimen
A Texas health care worker who was in full protective gear while providing hospital care for an Ebola patient who later died has tested positive for the virus and is in stable condition, health officials said on Sunday. If the preliminary diagnosis is confirmed, it would be the first known case of the disease being contracted or transmitted in the U.S.
Meanwhile, a top federal health official said the health care worker’s Ebola diagnosis shows there was a clear breach of safety protocol and all those who treated Thomas Eric Duncan are now considered to be potentially exposed.
Dr. Daniel Varga, of the Texas Health Resources, said during a news conference Sunday that the worker wore a gown, gloves, mask and shield while they provided care to Duncan during his second visit to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital. He did not identify the worker and says the family of the worker has “requested total privacy.”
Dr. Varga says the health care worker reported a fever on Friday night as part of a self-monitoring regimen required by the Atlanta-based Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
He said another person also remains in isolation, and the hospital has stopped accepting new emergency room patients.
Duncan, the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the U.S., died on Wednesday in Dallas.
More than 4,000 people have died in the ongoing Ebola epidemic, according to World Health Organization figures published on Friday. Almost all of them have been in the three worst-affected West African countries, Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea.
Nurse slightly better
Meanwhile, Assistant nurse Teresa Romero, who was infected with the Ebola in a Madrid hospital after having contact with two Spanish missionaries who later died from the virus, is showing signs of “slight improvement,” a government statement said.
But the statement also said that Ms. Romero’s prognosis remains serious and further complications can’t be ruled out.

Countdown for IRNSS 1C launch begins at Srih...Countdown for IRNSS 1C launch commences at Sriharikota
By PTI | 13 Oct, 2014, 10.06AM IST
0
Share More
Following the clearance from the Launch Authorisation Board (LAB) yesterday, the countdown commenced at 6.32 AM today as planned and was proceeding smoothly, ISRO said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
CHENNAI: The 67-hour countdown for the launch of India's navigation satellite IRNSS 1C, the third of seven satellites in the series to put in place India's navigation system on par with US' Global Positioning System, on board PSLV C 26 began on Monday at the spaceport of Sriharikota.
Following the clearance from the Launch Authorisation Board (LAB) on Sunday, the countdown commenced at 6.32 AM on Monday as planned and was proceeding smoothly, ISRO said.
Based on the mission requirements, the launch window is 01:32 AM to 01:47 AM (IST) on October 16. The lift-off is scheduled at the opening of the launch window at 1.32 AM, the national space agency had earlier announced.
The earlier planned launched on October 10 was postponed due to some technical reasons.
IRNSS 1C with a lift-off mass of 1,425.4 kg would be shot into a sub Geosynchronous Transfer Orbit (sub GTO).
As part of its aspirations to build a regional navigational system equivalent to Global Positioning System of the US, ISRO plans to send seven satellites to put in place the Indian Regional Navigational Satellite System (IRNSS).
The first two satellites in the series, IRNSS 1A and IRNSS 1B were launched from Sriharikota on July 1, 2013 and April 4 this year respectively.
ISRO needs to launch at least four of the seven satellites to start operations of the IRNSS, ISRO officials said.
Being developed by India, IRNSS is designed to provide accurate position information service to users in the country as well as the region extending upto 1,500 km from its boundary, which is its primary service area.
IRNSS's applications include terrestrial and marine navigation, disaster management, vehicle tracking and fleet management.
IRNSS is similar to US' Global Positioning System, Russia's Glonass and Europe's Galileo. China and Japan also have similar systems - Beidou and Quasi Zenith.

Indonesia s Garuda makes $5.0 bn plane order...Indonesia's Garuda makes $5.0 billion plane order: Boeing
By AFP | 13 Oct, 2014, 10.37AM IST
0
Share More
The purchase is worth $4.9 billion at current list prices, although airlines typically receive large discounts for big orders.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
JAKARTA: Indonesian flag carrier Garuda has placed an order for 50 planes worth almost $5 billion, US plane giant Boeing said, as competition heats up for passengers in Asia's increasingly crowded skies.
Garuda ordered 46 of Boeing's new 737 MAX 8 jets and is converting existing orders for four 737-800s to 737 MAX 8s, the plane manufacturer said.
The purchase is worth $4.9 billion at current list prices, although airlines typically receive large discounts for big orders.
"This order helps continue our commitment to offer the people of Indonesia and Southeast Asia the most comfortable, most efficient air travel in the region," said Emirsyah Satar, Garuda chief executive officer.
The aviation sector in Indonesia, the world's fourth most populous country with 250 million people, has grown rapidly in recent years as an economic boom creates a new class of consumers.
Garuda, a state-owned, full-service airline, is facing stiff competition from budget carriers in the region, such as fellow Indonesian outfit Lion Air -- which has expanded rapidly -- and Malaysia's Air Asia.
The announcement marks the latest phase in an impressive turnaround for the airline.
In the 1990s and early 2000s the airline was plagued by problems, including heavy debts and a poor safety record, but Satar has successfully turned it around since his appointment in 2005.
It was the first Indonesian firm to be allowed back into European Union airspace in 2009 after a ban was imposed across the country's airline industry.
The 737 MAX family of aircraft are single-aisle jets that carry around 200 passengers. Boeing says they are the most fuel-efficient 737s to date, a key selling point as airlines struggle with high fuel prices.
Garuda currently operates 77 Boeing 737s, Boeing said in a statement announcing the purchases Sunday. It did not say when Garuda would start to take delivery.

Hudhud ruins Vizag Airport | Govt ready for ...You are here: Home > Collections
Hudhud: Odisha government ready for post-cyclone operations
PTI Oct 13, 2014, 10.28AM IST
(As a precautionary measure,…)
BHUBANESWAR: As cyclone Hudhud weakened and moved to Chhattisgarh, Odisha Government today braced for relief and rehabilitation in the affected southern districts where its damaged houses and uprooted trees even as heavy rainfall was expected to lash these areas.
While three persons died in Odisha due to the very severe cyclonic storm that made a landfall near Visakhapatnam in neighbouring Andhra Pradesh, damage caused by the calamity would be assessed soon, Special Relief Commissioner (SRC) P K Mohapatra said.
As a precautionary measure, around 2.33 lakh people had been evacuated from vulnerable areas to safe places in ten districts in view of Hudhud though the intensity of the cyclone was not very fierce, he said.
Stating that uprooting of trees and damage to thatched houses were reported from some of the southern districts, the SRC said immediate step had been taken for clearance of roads blocked due to uprooted trees and other objects.
Rains accompanied by gusty wind continued in several parts of south Odisha including Malkangiri district and officials said the wind speed would gradually decrease.
As the cyclonic storm moved away from the state and proceeded north-westwards continuing to lose steam gradually, rain and thundershower was expected at most places over Odisha till tomorrow, IMD centre here said.
The met office forecast heavy to very heavy rainfall at one or two places in districts of North Odisha during next 12 and heavy to very heavy rainfall at a few places in districts of North Odisha in subsequent 24 hours.
The deceased were identified as Puja Mallick (6) and Hemant Mallick (11) of Magarkanda village in Kendrapara district and 42-year-old fisherman Sudulu Goraya of Penthakata in Puri district, Mohapatra said.
Mohapatra said that there has not been much damage so far in the storm but scores of trees and electricity poles had been knocked over in Potangi area of Koraput district as the system passed through the region after making landfall near Visakhapatnam.
The SRC said the state government had to make special efforts to get the tribal people, mostly from the Bonda and Didia communities in Malkangiri, to leave their dwellings and move to safety.
As most of the southern region received heavy to medium rainfall, the state government had made preparations for any possible floods in rivers like Bansadhara and Rusikulya. However, the water level in the two rivers was below danger levels, officials said.
NDRF and ODRAF teams were now gearing up for post-cyclone operations in order to restore normalcy in the cyclone affected areas, official sources said.
Steps have been initiated to restore power supply in some areas in south Odisha wehre electric poles and other systems had been affected, the sources said.
Armed with equipment and machinery, the teams would soon remove uprooted trees, they said.
Free kitchens had been set up in around 2000 shelter homes where the evacuated people were accommodated in the ten districts of Gajapati, Ganjam, Koraput, Malkangiri, Puri, Rayagada, Nabarangpur, Kendrapara, Kalahandi and Khurda, a senior official said.
Those sheltered in these centres would be able to leave for their homes as soon as the rainfall and situation improves and wind speed falls, he said.
Road and train operations to Vishakhapatanam were suspended during the cyclonic movement yesterday as a precautionary measure in view of the storm. While the state government stopped plying of buses to Andhra Pradesh and many southern Odisha districts, railways cancelled 58 trains and diverted 50 others.
While bus services were resuming to some places today, the railway was also planning to run trains up to Palasa, the sources said.
Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik had yesterday spoken to Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and apprised him of the Odisha government's preparedness. Similarly, Chief Secretary G C Pati had interacted with Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth thrice over the situation.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cyclone Hudhud: Odisha government ready for post-cyclone operationsCyclone Hudhud: Odisha government ready for post-cyclone operations
Press Trust of India | Bhubaneswar Oct 13, 2014 10:25 AM IST
As cyclone Hudhud weakened and moved to Chhattisgarh, Odisha Government today braced for relief and rehabilitation in the affected southern districts where its damaged houses and uprooted trees even as heavy rainfall was expected to lash these areas.
While three persons died in Odisha due to the severe cyclonic storm that made a landfall near Visakhapatnam in neighbouring Andhra Pradesh, damage caused by the calamity would be assessed soon, Special Relief Commissioner (SRC) P K Mohapatra said.
As a precautionary measure, around 2.33 lakh people had been evacuated from vulnerable areas to safe places in ten districts in view of Hudhud though the intensity of the cyclone was not very fierce, he said.
Stating that uprooting of trees and damage to thatched houses were reported from some of the southern districts, the SRC said immediate step had been taken for clearance of roads blocked due to uprooted trees and other objects.
Rains accompanied by gusty wind continued in several parts of south Odisha including Malkangiri district and officials said the wind speed would gradually decrease.
As the cyclonic storm moved away from the state and proceeded north-westwards continuing to lose steam gradually, rain and thundershower was expected at most places over Odisha till tomorrow, IMD centre here said.
The met office forecast heavy to very heavy rainfall at one or two places in districts of North Odisha during next 12 and heavy to very heavy rainfall at a few places in districts of North Odisha in subsequent 24 hours.
The deceased were identified as Puja Mallick (6) and Hemant Mallick (11) of Magarkanda village in Kendrapara district and 42-year-old fisherman Sudulu Goraya of Penthakata in Puri district, Mohapatra said.
Mohapatra said that there has not been much damage so far in the storm but scores of trees and electricity poles had been knocked over in Potangi area of Koraput district as the system passed through the region after making landfall near Visakhapatnam.
The SRC said the state government had to make special efforts to get the tribal people, mostly from the Bonda and Didia communities in Malkangiri, to leave their dwellings and move to safety.
As most of the southern region received heavy to medium rainfall, the state government had made preparations for any possible floods in rivers like Bansadhara and Rusikulya. However, the water level in the two rivers was below danger levels, officials said.

Essar Ports  Essar Shipping soars on board nod for delisting proposalEssar Ports, Essar Shipping soars on board nod for delisting proposal
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 13, 2014 10:29 AM IST
Shares of Essar Group firm like Essar Ports and Essar Shipping has rallied up to 20% after the board of directors of these companies approved the delisting of company’s shares from the stock exchanges.
Essar Shipping surged 20% to Rs 23.70, while Essar Ports zoomed 15% to Rs 105 in intra-day trade on BSE. The counters has seen huge trading activity with trading volumes more than doubled compared to average trading volumes in past two-weeks on BSE and NSE.
In a filing to BSE, Essar Ports said it has received an approval from the promoter group companies including Essar Shipping and Logistics, Essar Projects (India), Essar Steel India, Imperial Consultants and Securities Pvt. Ltd and Essar Global Fund to acquire 107.11 million shares or 25.03% of the company’s shares held by the public shareholders. These promoters collectively own 74.97% stake in Essar Ports.
In Essar Shipping, the promoters group held 75% stake, while the remaining 25% stake held by the public shareholders.
Both companies will seek the consent of the shareholders for the delisting proposal through a postal ballot and e-voting.
 

SC coal ruling  Nokia exit worry foreign inv...Supreme Court's coal ruling, Nokia exit worry foreign investors
By Sidhartha, TNN | 13 Oct, 2014, 11.05AM IST
The recent Supreme Court ruling that cancelled coal block allocations since 1993 has caused fresh jitters among foreign investors and overseas governments.  
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The recent Supreme Court ruling that cancelled coal block allocations since 1993 has caused fresh jitters among foreign investors and overseas governments at a time when the Narendra Modi administration is trying to attract investment in the manufacturing space.
Government officials themselves acknowledge the concern, arguing that the ruling — along with Nokia's decision to exit India — will have some impact on investor sentiment, which is otherwise upbeat. To compound the issue, there are several other tax disputes involving foreign companies.
While foreign governments and companies have looked at Bilateral Investment Protection Agreements (BIPAs) as a safeguard of sorts, Indian authorities have failed to resolve their differences on the issue with the department of industrial policy and promotion arguing against the need for such treaties.
Deputy US Trade Representative (USTR) Wendy Cutler, who was in India last month to meet government officials ahead of a ministerial-level meeting, is learnt to have flagged the issue of protection of investor rights. Officials privy to the discussions told TOI that Cutler pushed for the long-pending BIPA, arguing that it is critical to instill confidence.
Similarly, Canadian authorities also flagged the issue of investor protection during their interactions, a senior government official said. The government has put on hold all BIPA signings till it finalizes the model text.
During a conference last week, where revenue secretary Shaktikanta Das asked India Inc about the need to move ahead, a Russian government official raised the issue of investor protection in the context of the Supreme Court order cancelling 122 telecom licences related to the 2G scam.
Another officer pointed to a ruling that has put the burden of higher compensation to land owners in Haryana on investors, including several Japanese investors who are complaining that the government did not alert them about the higher burden when they had invested more than a decade ago.
"It is difficult to explain to investors that the government can do little on judicial pronouncements, especially if it's a Supreme Court ruling," said a top-ranking official, conceding that there are concerns.

Azim Premji buys Rs 350-cr stake in Chennai coSave precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: Premji Invest, the family investment office of Wipro boss Azim Premji , has invested Rs 350 crore ($57 million) to acquire a minority stake in payments-processing and technology company Financial Software & Systems (FSS).
Billionaire Premji's investment vehicle, which manages assets worth over $2 billion, has boarded the company which offers payment services of about 100 banks and financial institutions globally. The Chennai-headquartered company powers retail delivery channels such as ATMs, point-of-sale terminals, prepaid cards, mobile and internet for its clients.
Premji and existing private equity investors — NYLIM Jacob Ballas and New Enterprise Associates (NEA) — are pouring money into FSS, which is planning an initial public offering in the next 24 months.
The company is tracking Rs 850-crore revenue in FY15, up from Rs 614 crore in FY14.
The two-decade-old FSS is a leader in the payments-processing industry, which is posting robust double-digit growth in Asia's third-largest economy. The clients include State bank of India , ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Punjab National Bank and Canara Bank . FSS has a footprint across 7,000 cities, towns and villages, handling over 6 million transactions daily. FSS has projected Rs 2,200-crore revenue in the next five years.
"The latest investment from Premji Invest and the active support of our other investors — NEA and Jacob Ballas — will help us to capitalize on emerging opportunities in the digital payments space and help us consolidate our position as a payments technology leader. The fact that we have consistently raised private equity funding in the previous two decades will boost our preparation for an IPO in the next 18-24 months," Nagaraj V Mylandla, FSS founder and managing director, said.
The investment transaction closed on Friday and Avendus capital advised on the deal.
"The payments landscape is undergoing rapid technology scale-up and usage upgradations and outsourcing. We expect FSS, with its products and services capabilities, to play a leading role in this transition," Prakash Parthasarthy, chief investment officer, Premji Invest, said.
Premji Invest has exposure to public and private equities and backs emerging consumer businesses in India, China and US. This is one of the larger investments by Premji into a company with 1,600 employees and presence across North America, Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific.
Premji, with his networth estimated at $16 billion, has built a portfolio of investments that includes JSM Corp (which runs Hard Rock Cafe in India), fashion e-tailer Myntra, online marketplace Snapdeal and Manipal Global Education Services.

ACC halts limestone mining; stock slips 2%You are here: Home > Collections
ACC stops limestone mining at Chaibasa, Bargarh; stock slips 1.6%
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 13, 2014, 09.54AM IST
Tags:
ACC
(At 09:35 a.m.; the stock…)
MUMBAI: Shares of cement major ACC were down on profit booking after the company suspended limestone mining operations at Chaibasa and Bargarh cement plants .
The mining has been stopped following orders from state governments of Jharkhand and Odisha.
Whilst the company has complied with the government orders , it is in the process of seeking relief in the order and is hopeful of a positive outcome.
At 09:35 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 1381.85, down 1.58 per cent, on the BSE . It touched a high of Rs 1394.70 and a low of Rs 1380 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex recovers lost ground  Nifty retests 7800; top 20 betsYou are here: Home > Collections > Ril
Sensex recovers lost ground, Nifty retests 7800 levels; top 20 intraday bets
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 13, 2014, 11.33AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The fall in the index was…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex recouped some bit of losses after falling 205 points in trade on Monday, weighed down by muted global cues and weak IIP data released on Friday.
The fall in the index was led by losses in ITC, HDFC Bank, RIL, L&T, Wipro and Mahindra & Mahindra.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also came under pressure and slipped below its crucial psychological level of 7800 in trade today, weighed down by losses in capital goods, metal, power and banking stocks.
At 11:30 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,173.77, down 124 points or 0.47 per cent. It touched a high of 26276.57 and a low of 26092.69 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 7820, down 39 points or 0.50 per cent. It touched a high of 7835.10 and a low of 7796.00 in early trade.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Axis Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 396 and a stop loss of Rs 375
Voltas Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 236 and a stop loss of Rs 220
Canara Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 382 and a stop loss of Rs 365
Reliance Industries Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 935 and a stop loss of Rs 958
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2925 and a stop loss of Rs 2842
M&M Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1245 and a stop loss of Rs 1315
ACC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1340 and a stop loss of Rs 1397
CESC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 680 and a stop loss of Rs 730
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
UltraTech Cements Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2350 and a stop loss of Rs 2487
Colgate Palmolive India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1764 and a stop loss of Rs 1680
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2960 and a stop loss of Rs 2841
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Delta Corp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 97 and a stop loss of Rs 92
JSW Energy Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 77 and a stop loss of Rs 72
Lupin Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1375 and a stop loss of Rs 1328
Manish Hathiramani, Proprietary Trader & Technical Trader, Deen Dayal Investment
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 4040 and a stop loss of Rs 3860
ICICI Bank Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1380 and a stop loss of Rs 1500
Wockhardt Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 900 and a stop loss of Rs 740
Kunal Saraogi, CEO, www.equityrush.com
Motherson Sumi Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 382 and a stop loss of Rs 361
IOC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 390 and a stop loss of Rs 366
IDFC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 133 and a stop loss of Rs 140
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fact Enterprise to hold AGMThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Andhra grapples with Hudhud aftermath  cyclone weakensThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Future Retail jumps on pact with Amazon IndiaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Bhanderi Infracon to disassociate from Balaji EnterprisesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

China says third-quarter trade helped by government action  firmer demandThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India to be Tough Market for AndroidOneThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

PM Modi to visit cyclone Hudhud-hit Vizag on TuesdayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Market lackluster  IT stocks upThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hefty fuel price cut in near future but govt may wait to free up dieselThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Relief work on in Andhra and Odisha a day after Hudhud
Latest images: Cyclone Hudhud approaches IndiaCyclone Hudhud making landfall in Visakhapatnam
12 Oct, 2014
Tweet
In this photograph taken on October 11, 2014 large waves buffet the coastline ahead of Cyclone Hudhud making expected landfall in Visakhapatnam.
India placed its navy on high alert and evacuated around 350,000 people from eastern coastal areas as it prepared for a severe cyclone to hit on October 12, 2014.

Does Moto X (Gen 2) truly belong to the big leagueMoto X (Gen 2) review: Does the smartphone truly belong to the big league?
12 Oct, 2014
Tweet
Ravi Sharma,TOI Tech
Motorola in India has had a revival that most would have not thought possible, but its success has been limited to low end of the price spectrum.
While Moto G and Moto E were massive hits, remaining out of stock for several weeks after launch, the original Moto X did not set the market on fire the same way.
However, Motorola has updated the Moto X, giving it all the features of a top-end smartphone while keeping the base price relatively low at Rs 31,999.
But does this phone truly belong in the big league or is it just a feature-rich phone meant for only a few?
We find out Moto X (Gen 2) review:
Image Source: motorola.in

India lacks critically insightful biographiesWhy India has few critically insightful biographies and autobiographies
By ET Bureau | 12 Oct, 2014, 04.00AM IST
0
Share More
A widely regarded perception is that Indian readers, much like Hindi cinema viewers, prefer fables and parables to complicated tales or nuanced characters
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Harish Nambiar
This Gandhi Jayanti saw a propitious clash of Vishal Bhardwaj's cinematic experiments with truth with the ghost of Manmohan Desai, that genius storyteller who never let plausibility wander into his film set. Hrithik Roshan's Bang Bang raked in the moolah, to be sure, but Bhardwaj's Haider stood as an equal and opposite force at the box office.
For those into the precious business of loading symbolic meanings onto recent happenings, this is a great indicator. Haider has its own die-hard supporters just as Bang Bang has its.
These two are examples of old, even ancient debates. What is worth celebrating is that serious engagement with storytelling is finally finding muscle enough to fight the more escapist and less challenging forms.
And storytelling always started from the page.
And then one day, Hindi film's greatest living actor with the possible exception of Dilip Kumar , Naseeruddin Shah , wrote his memoirs. As he calculated, no hell broke loose, though the interest in the book might have taken the actor by surprise. Always a distinct voice in the incestuous and cornily uniform-sounding film fraternity, Naseer's memoirs have been hailed, of all things, for candour.
By all accounts and extracts, it is less candid than cautiously truthful, but told with the humour and self-deprecation of an educated adult. Naseer is 64, and his memoirs are about his life till 30. And yet, it is closer to adult than "young adult", as the trade segment for readership based on age goes.
Why Look Back On Your Life?
Despite India being the second biggest market for English readership in the world, Indian publishing industry's highest performing segment is the young adult one, flooded with bad English and worse stories of teens who preen themselves, and of young engineers learning firsthand that their biology is severely interfering with their psychology.
But that d
oes not explain a seemingly cultural resistance to intelligent, adult books. Last week, the veteran leftist leader AB Bardhan, of the Communist Party of India, gave his reasons on why he does not plan to pen his memoirs. For an illustrious career that straddles the entire time-span of independent India's politics, even when seen from a precious and less popular political alternative position, that was surprising.
He refused to write because he thought it better to fade away unrecorded than write all those "hurtful truths." He said, "Biographies are being written by all and sundry, which anyway is an exercise in self-congratulation and meant to blame others. I will not write."
A great counterpoint to Indian celebrities' coyness or apocalyptic fears about penning memoirs is news from France. President Francois Hollande's ex-girlfriend, Valerie Trierweiler , has just written a widely reviled book, Thank You for This Moment, that has been near-universally judged to be so bad it is good. For beginners, one report says it outsold Fifty Shades of Grey in France in September, the month of its release. It is an account of her affair with Hollande, written after its unhappy ending.
Naseer has been at pains to underline in his various interviews that he wanted to make sure he did not hurt anybody and that might have extended the time he took to finish his manuscript. Maybe, living in contemporary India, it was a dopey's doff to Dinanath Batra and the cottage industry of offence that is the biggest employers of the terminally unemployable.
A widely regarded perception is that Indian readers, much like Hindi cinema viewers, prefer fables and parables to complicated tales or nuanced characters. This, when married to an easy love for sanitised history, has kept Indians from engaging with the most interesting and significant contemporary lives.
India remains severely under-served by critical appraisals of so many worthy men and women whose lives would be as much an inspiration as a guide. And celebrity biographies are hagiographies made with the sole reason of feeding fan frenzy. Now that several generations of Indians have grown up in an independent country, a more robust conversation with the country's past should be a worthwhile enterprise. And well-researched, sympathetic and critically insightful biographies play a major role in such an engagement.

Destination India: A US couple s compelling journeyTheir passage to India marked the beginning of an academic career spanning over 5 decades spent researching, writing, and teaching about the country.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: A compelling journey undertaken by an eminent political scientist couple from the US in a Land Rover from London to Jaipur, recording their impressions and experiences of people and places encountered on the way, and an extensive research on India form the subject of a new book.
"Destination India: From London Overland to India, And What We Learned There" is an account of the travels of Lloyd I Rudolph and his wife Susanne Hoeber Rudolph and an account of India less than a decade after independence.
In the summer of 1956, the Rudolphs embarked on a 5000-mile journey on their Land Rover that took them 'East of Suez', across the ecological and cultural lines distinguishing Europe from Asia, and then over the Khyber into the Indian subcontinent.
Part primary source, part analysis, the book, published by Oxford University Press, also provides an account of what the Rudolphs subsequently learned over five decades of teaching and writing about India, including 11 years of research in India.
"What took us to India in 1956 was its location on a new frontier, post-colonial government and politics. 'Destination India' is a book about why and how India came to occupy a central place in our imaginations and our lives," the couple say.
"Day by day and mile by mile, we recorded our impressions and experiences of people, landscapes, and encounters as we drove a 107-inch wheelbase Land Rover from London to Jaipur," they write.
Funded by a Ford Foundation Foreign Area Training Fellowship, the Rudolphs purchased the land rover for delivery in London and set off in mid-July on their overland journey across Europe to Turkey, Iran and Afghanistan, crossing into the Indian sub-continent over the Khyber Pass to Peshawar, travelling through the Punjab to Lahore and Amritsar, and then to New Delhi and Jaipur.
Their passage to India marked the beginning of an academic career spanning over five decades spent researching, writing, and teaching about the country.
"During six months of research in Jaipur, we lived with the multi-generational, joint family of a large Rajput landlord," they say.
They then travelled overland by their vehicle to then Madras. 1956/57 was the first and 1999/2000 the last of 11 years the couple spent in India doing academic research.
"Our writing about India wandered beyond the boundaries of our 'native place', political science. It is another virtue of the emphasis on area studies that it invites a multi-disciplinary approach; we took full advantage of the feature.
"From time to time we have drawn on history, sociology, anthropology and literary criticism to explore problems that interest us. Our writing about India had addressed the following topics: modes of inquiry; theorising politics and society; Occidentalism and Orientalism; processes of state formation; processes of institutional change; identity politics; making US foreign policy; writing as public intellectuals," the authors write.
Lloyd is a Professor Emeritus of Political Science in the University of Chicago while his wife Susanne is a William Benton Distinguished Service Professor Emerita in the varsity.
The book has chapters like "Travel Notes from Salzburg to Peshawar" and "Writing India: A Career Overview". The concluding chapter "The Imperialism of Categories: Situating Knowledge in a Globalizing World" highlights how Western perceptions of India are often skewed. It makes the case for situated knowledge that recognises the importance of context and contingency.

Pen mightier than stethoscopeSave precious time tracking your investments
The physician-as-a-writer is an old story, predating the likes of Anton Chekov, Somerset Maugham, A J Cronin and other doctors who wrote prolifically, beyond prescriptions. Apollo, it is said, was the God of both Muse and Medicine, and therefore, it appears that doctors are preternaturally inclined to write (never mind the handwriting part).
Still, it is quite striking that the shortlist of well-known 21st century doctor-writers includes an unusually large number of physicians of Indian-origin. On the heels of Indian-American cardiologist Sandeep Jauhar's Doctored comes surgeon Atul Gawande's Being Mortal: Medicine and What Matters in the End, a book that argues that end-of-life treatments often end up shortening lives instead of extending them, and calls for a smarter approach to aging and dying instead of expanding lifespans in a meaningless way.While lavishing praise on his book, actress-writer Quinn Cummings said in Time magazine review that the Harvard-trained Gawande's "writing chops are just as solid as his medical chops".
Both these books came after Siddartha Mukherjee's much-acclaimed The Emperor of All Maladies about cancer which won the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-fiction. Elsewhere, Sanjay Gupta , CNN's chief medical correspondent, followed up his two books Chasing Life and Cheating Death with the fictional Monday Mornings, when surgeons answer for bad outcomes at the "Morbidity and Mortality"(M&M) conference.It's as if Indian-origin physicians just can't stop writing.
Jauhar, whose book pointing out the flaws in the US healthcare system has rattled the medical fraternity , says much of it has to do with habits similar in both physicians and writers. "So much of it is about listening to people and recording case history,'' he told this correspondent. "It is well accepted that 80% of diseases can be diagnosed by history through medical interviewing. It is very important to be attentive to details. These are the same skills used by writers.'' Time was when Indians expected (or accepted that they would) MBBS graduates to wing it to America struggle through residency, make good as physicians after specialty and super-specialty, earn big bucks, maybe even set up a clinic or two and win an award or two in medicine, perhaps teach, and retire very distinguished -and wealthy. That was in an era before "Physicians as Celebrities."
Maybe it was Deepak Chopra who set the tone, but soon physicians of Indian-origin, many of them second generation PIOs, were hitting the high spots in the US, not necessarily in medicine.
Among them is Sanjay Gupta, known more as CNN's chief medical correspondent and frontline warzone medical reporter than as a physician, although he's a highly regarded neurosurgeon at the Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta . Gupta is the son of Damayanti and Subhash Gupta, an engineer couple who moved from India to work at the Ford Motor Company (his mother was said to be the first female engineer to work at Ford).
While Chopra and Gupta are constantly in the limelight, there are several Indian-origin physicians in the US who have quietly made their mark in writing as much as medi cine. As far back as 1988, Abraham Verghese, a graduate of Madras Medical College, who later migrated to the US, wrote God's Own Country , a stirring account of working with AIDS patients in Tennessee. He later moved to El Paso as director of infectious disease at Texas Tech, where in the course of an 11-year stint he wrote his second book The Tennis Partner: A Story of Friendship and Loss about an Australian colleague's troubles with drug addiction. He is most recently professor for the theory and practice of medicine at Stanford University Medical School, where he has written his third acclaimed book and first novel, Cutting for Stone, an autobiographical work set in Ethiopia and United States.
While Verghese began his literary career in long form, Atul Gawande , born in Brooklyn to Indian parents (both doctors; his father is from Mukhed in Maharashtra) stumbled into journalism first when a friend who was an editor at Slate magazine asked him to contribute a piece when he had just come out of medical school. The article caught the eye of editors at The New Yorker who commissioned several pieces from him before making him a staff writer in 1998. In 2002, Gawande published Complications: A Surgeon's Note on an Imperfect Science, which was a National Book Award finalist. His second book, Better: A Surgeon's Notes on Performance, released in April 2007, discusses three virtues that Gawande considers to be most important for success in medicine: diligence, doing right, and ingenuity .
All three were in evidence in 2009 when he wrote a stunning New Yorker essay about America's broken health care system titled "The Cost Conundrum - What a Texas Town can Teach us about Health Care". The article was cited by President Obama during the healthcare debate and the story goes that it so impressed Charles Munger, Warren Buffett's business partner, that he mailed a cheque for $20,000 to Gawande for highlighting something so socially useful. Gawande continued to write long-form with his third book The Checklist Manifesto: How to Get Things Right, making the NYT bestseller list in 2009.
Gawande, who calls himself an essayist as much as a writer-physician, had the same views expressed by Jauhar on the virtues that go to make a successful physician-writers. "The discipline and observation and interest in a person's story lends itself to writing," he told me in a conversation on the sidelines of TED in 2012 when he was still working on Being Mortal. Some of the investigation that went into Being Mortal also involved India, where he visited nine different oldage homes in the quest to understand issues surrounding break-up of families and mortality, besides delving into the Mahabharata.
Both Jauhar and Gawande's latest books show how difficult and taxing the practice of medicine is becoming in the US. That might lead to even more doctor-writers who want to heal the system as well as patients.

Future Group inks deal with Amazon to sell goods online | Group shares surge 6.4%Amazon and Future Group ink deal to sell goods online; starting with apparel
Sagar Malviya, ET Bureau Oct 13, 2014, 07.19AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(Both firms will also develop…)
MUMBAI: The world's largest online store Amazon and India's largest listed retailer Future Group have signed a deal to jointly sell goods over the Internet amid growing friction between online and offline retailers over heavy discounting.
Future Group will sell more than 45 own labels of apparel initially, followed by in-house brands in the home, electronics and food categories, while the US-headquartered company will handle order fulfillment and customer service for the merchandise on its portal. Both firms will also develop a new line of products across categories to be exclusively sold at Amazon and Future Group's retail stores. ET was the first to report, on October 3, that Amazon founder Jeff Bezos and Future Group's Kishore Biyani met in New Delhi to discuss an alliance.
"The deal is deeper than just transactional involvement with Amazon. We are exploring several synergies in data sharing, co-branding, crosspromotion and distribution network sharing through the partnership," confirmed Biyani, who has been quite vocal on whether ecommerce firms' deep discounting strategy makes business sense, suggesting that offering cheaper prices wouldn't help in the long run. "We are targeting gross merchandise sales of Rs 6,000 crore in next 3 years through the alliance," he added. The deal comes soon after Flipkart's Billion Day Sale on October 6 led to protests by traditional retailers that they were being hurt by the alleged predatory pricing.
The complaints by traditional retailers led to the government saying it would examine the policy on ecommerce. Following this, Amazon's October 10-16 Diwali Dhamaka Week has been a subdued affair with sharp discounts restricted to stock clearances and products only being sold on the site. Under the deal, Amazon and Future will also jointly develop discounting strategy and price tags on their products won't be very different from rates at stores so that both channels don't end up cannibalising each other.
In its home market, Amazon had similar alliances with retailers such as Target Corp and Toys R Us in the past decade though both soured over time once the online seller gained scale and attracted other large brands.
Following the India deal, Future Group's four dozen own brands such as Lee Cooper, John Miller and Indigo Nation will be taken off from other online marketplaces where they are currently being sold.
Amazon's agreement in India also indicates its aggressive intent to spread itself across many product areas quickly in India — especially foods — a relatively niche category for online retail, which it has only recently entered. In July, the US company announced it would invest $2 billion in India operations that exceeded gross merchandise sales of more than $1 billion within a year of its launch. It completed a year in June this year.
Meanwhile, it was reported recently that Amazon plans to open its first brick-and-mortar store in New York .
The company's main rivals in India are Bangalore-based Flipkart and Snapdeal, the latter a Delhi-based company that counts eBay , Azim Premji and Ratan Tata as investors.
Together, they have sold goods worth more than $4 billion, with Flipkart alone estimated to have crossed $2 billion. The battle is set to intensify. According to a report by consulting firm Technopak, the $2.3-billion e-tailing market is expected to swell to $32 billion by 2020 and account for 3% of the total Indian retail sector.
In the offline retail market, just three companies — Aditya Birla's Madura Garments, Arvind Brands and Future Group — either own or sell more than two dozen brands each, thus becoming the preferred options for any online player looking to partner retailers.
The move holds benefits for both sides, but there are pitfalls as well.
"The upside is Amazon getting instant product diversity and capability while Future Group can explore a new channel for sales," said Devangshu Dutta, chief executive at retail consultancy Third Eyesight. "However, if the business is not aligned in terms of orientation and customer service, then it could create issues going forward, especially when one of the biggest barriers for online sale is inconsistency of products." Future Group has more than 75 own brands that earn it at least 15% higher margins on average compared with national brands, which is why Biyani is bullish on private labels across categories. The tie-up means Future Group's brands that now have a presence in 98 cities and towns will be marketed to 19,000 PIN codes serviced by Amazon across India.
Industry insiders also said the Indian retailer's move reflects a bid to expand into new distribution channels such as ecommerce in the search for growth. Last month, Snapdeal agreed to create Croma's Flagship Store on its ecommerce portal to sell electronics items including mobiles, tablets and laptops.
The $3-billion Future Group, on its part, has opted for SAP's Hybris OmniCommerce solutions and plans to invest nearly Rs 100 crore to beef up its ecommerce venture. It is targeting about 20% of revenue from online sales over the next 18 months. By 2020, the aim is even higher — at 40% of its sales through ecommerce or virtual platforms.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Timid umpires allowed chucking to flourish: Darrell HairTest cricket
Timid officiating has allowed a generation of 'chuckers' to flourish in international cricket and the current crackdown on bowlers with illegal actions has arrived two decades late, according to former test umpire Darrell Hair.
Pakistan's Saeed Ajmal is the highest profile of a string of spinners who have been suspended by the International Cricket Council (ICC) recently for bending their elbows beyond the allowed 15 degrees while bowling.
Hair, who famously called Muttiah Muralitharan for the offence during a test at Melbourne Cricket Ground in 1995, said the ICC should have taken action back then.
"Whatever they're doing now, they're doing 20 years too late," he told the Sydney Morning Herald. "They had a chance in 1995 to clean things up and it's taken them 19 years to finally come back and say they want chuckers out of the game. I can't believe that Saaed Ajmal has been able to bowl as long as he has, and they say he is bending his arm by 45 degrees or something.”
"I suppose what it does show is the general weakness of the umpires over time to do anything about it."
Muralitharan, whose action was later cleared by the ICC after biomechanical analysis, went on to become the leading test wicket taker of all time despite also being called for throwing by Hair's compatriot Ross Emerson in Adelaide in 1999.
"The fact was that no other ICC umpires were willing to have a go. Ross Emerson was very adamant about his thoughts about chuckers but they soon put him into the background," he said.
"I suppose I was lucky I had a few games under my belt so they didn't want to target me, but they certainly got him out of the way fairly swiftly. It'll be interesting to see how many umpires are brave enough to get involved in it. I said it in the late '90s that if something wasn't done about it you'd have a generation of chuckers on your hands and now you have."
The clampdown has been welcomed by many in the game, even if some have questioned its timing so close to next year's World Cup in Australia and New Zealand.

Saudis tells oil market: Get used to lower p...Some OPEC members including Venezuela are clamoring for urgent production cuts to push global oil prices back up above $100 a barrel.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON/NEW YORK: Saudi Arabia is quietly telling oil market participants that Riyadh is comfortable with markedly lower oil prices for an extended period, a sharp shift in policy that may be aimed at slowing the expansion of rival producers including those in the US shale patch.
Some OPEC members including Venezuela are clamoring for urgent production cuts to push global oil prices back up above $100 a barrel. But Saudi officials have telegraphed a different message in private meetings with oil market investors and analysts recently: the kingdom, OPEC's largest producer, is ready to accept oil prices below $90 per barrel, and perhaps down to $80, for as long as a year or two, according to people who have been briefed on the recent conversations.
The discussions, some of which took place in New York over the past week, offer the clearest sign yet that the kingdom is setting aside its longstanding de facto strategy of holding prices at around $100 a barrel for Brent crude in favor of retaining market share in years to come.
The Saudis now appear to be betting that a period of lower prices - which could strain the finances of some members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries - will be necessary to pave the way for higher revenue in the medium term, by curbing new investment and further increases in supply from places like the US shale patch or ultra-deepwater, according to the sources, who declined to be identified due to the private nature of the discussions.
The conversations with Saudi officials did not offer any specific guidance on whether - or by how much - the kingdom might agree to cut output, a move many analysts are expecting in order to shore up a global market that is producing substantially more crude than it can consume. Saudi pumps around a third of OPEC's oil, or some 9.7 million barrels a day.
Asked about coming Saudi output curbs, one Saudi official responded "What cuts?", according to one of the sources.
Also uncertain is whether the Saudi briefings to oil market observers represent a new tack it is committed to, or a talking point meant to cajole other OPEC members to join Riyadh in eventually tightening the taps on supply.
One source not directly involved in the discussions said the kingdom does not necessarily want prices to slide further, but is unwilling to shoulder production cuts unilaterally and is prepared to tolerate lower prices until others in OPEC commit to action.
Page 1 of 3

Will confront Putin at G20 over MH17  murder...Australia PM Tony Abbott says will confront Vladimir Putin at G20 over downed flight MH17 'murders'
By Reuters | 13 Oct, 2014, 12.00PM IST
"Look, I'm going to shirtfront Mr Putin - you bet I am," Abbott told reporters, using an Australian Rules Football term meaning to hit someone front on and knock them to the ground.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said on Monday that he would use an upcoming G20 leaders summit to confront Russian President Vladimir Putin over the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 and the "murder" of Australian citizens.
Allegations that the jetliner was downed by pro-Russian separatists armed with surface-to-air missiles provided by the Kremlin sparked calls in Australia to bar Putin from the meeting of world leaders in Brisbane next month.
Abbott, who has been amongst the most strident critics of Russia's handling of the affair, said on Sunday that it was not within Australia's power to ban a G20 member from attending, but promised to give Putin a stern talking to.
"Look, I'm going to shirtfront Mr Putin - you bet I am," Abbott told reporters, using an Australian Rules Football term meaning to hit someone front on and knock them to the ground.
"I'm going to be saying to Mr Putin, Australians were murdered and they were murdered by Russian-backed rebels using Russian supplied equipment," he said.
The Boeing 777 was shot down in July in eastern Ukraine , killing all 298 passengers and crew on board. Twenty-eight Australians were killed.
Abbott has struck perhaps the toughest line of any Western leader against the Russian-backed rebels in Ukraine, accused by Western countries and intelligence agencies of shooting down the jetliner with a sophisticated anti-aircraft missile.
He said that an "industrial-scale" cover up was under way at the crash site before international investigators were allowed access by the rebels, and spoke openly about his desire to block Putin from attending the summit next month.
Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte said on Friday he was furious that Dutch investigators had been unable to finish work in the area due to ongoing fighting between pro-Russian separatists and Ukrainian government forces.

Sensex down over 100 points  DLF down over 5%; top 20 stock betsYou are here: Home > Collections > Ril
Sensex recovers lost ground, Nifty retests 7800 levels; top 20 intraday bets
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 13, 2014, 11.33AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The fall in the index was…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex recouped some bit of losses after falling 205 points in trade on Monday, weighed down by muted global cues and weak IIP data released on Friday.
The fall in the index was led by losses in ITC, HDFC Bank, RIL, L&T, Wipro and Mahindra & Mahindra.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also came under pressure and slipped below its crucial psychological level of 7800 in trade today, weighed down by losses in capital goods, metal, power and banking stocks.
At 11:30 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,173.77, down 124 points or 0.47 per cent. It touched a high of 26276.57 and a low of 26092.69 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 7820, down 39 points or 0.50 per cent. It touched a high of 7835.10 and a low of 7796.00 in early trade.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Axis Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 396 and a stop loss of Rs 375
Voltas Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 236 and a stop loss of Rs 220
Canara Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 382 and a stop loss of Rs 365
Reliance Industries Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 935 and a stop loss of Rs 958
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2925 and a stop loss of Rs 2842
M&M Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1245 and a stop loss of Rs 1315
ACC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1340 and a stop loss of Rs 1397
CESC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 680 and a stop loss of Rs 730
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
UltraTech Cements Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2350 and a stop loss of Rs 2487
Colgate Palmolive India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1764 and a stop loss of Rs 1680
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2960 and a stop loss of Rs 2841
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Delta Corp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 97 and a stop loss of Rs 92
JSW Energy Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 77 and a stop loss of Rs 72
Lupin Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1375 and a stop loss of Rs 1328
Manish Hathiramani, Proprietary Trader & Technical Trader, Deen Dayal Investment
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 4040 and a stop loss of Rs 3860
ICICI Bank Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1380 and a stop loss of Rs 1500
Wockhardt Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 900 and a stop loss of Rs 740
Kunal Saraogi, CEO, www.equityrush.com
Motherson Sumi Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 382 and a stop loss of Rs 361
IOC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 390 and a stop loss of Rs 366
IDFC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 133 and a stop loss of Rs 140
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM to visit Visakhapatnam  take stock of situationThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

PM Modi seeks to revive loss-making PSUsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Chana futures down 0.41 per cent on subdued demandThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Domestic car sales marginally declined in SeptemberHi Guest
Domestic car sales decline 1% in September
Car sales in India declined 1.03 per cent in September, after posting four months of consecutive growth, as customers postponed purchases during the month on account of festival season beginning in October. According to the data released by Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM), domestic car sales in September this year stood at 1,54,882 units as compared to 1,56,494 units in the same month of 2013. "We think people have postponed their buys from September to October. That's the ...

Singhvi blasts Pak for trying to internationalize Kashmir issueThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Indian colts pip New Zealand 2-1 in 4th Sultan of Johor Cup openerThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Jayalalithaa in Jail: Strict About Food; but Gentle  Cooperative with Jail AuthoritiesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

JP Morgan cuts India GDP growth forecast to 5.1 pct  says  industrial production straw breaks camel s backThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Banks to assess recast of loans in J&KBanks to assess recast of loans in J&K
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 11, 2014 09:31 PM IST
Banks will begin assessing rescheduling and restructuring of loans worth about Rs 32,000 crore to industries, small and medium enterprises and retail entities in the flood-ravaged Jammu & Kashmir (J&K). A senior public sector banker said work on this would commence in Jammu and Srinagar on Monday, as water had receded from many areas and many bank branches had resumed operations.
The Indian Bank's Association will assist banks in this regard.
For loans that were standard till the time floods hit the state, the terms might be reworked, the bank executive said.
The J&K government has urged the Centre to direct banks and financial institutions to re-schedule loans/grant moratorium and grant remission of interest for the moratorium period. It has also sought a provision to give fresh loans for the flood-affected, besides waiving loans for individuals, subject to meeting certain norms.
According to Reserve Bank of India (RBI) guidelines, lenders can restructure loans to those affected by natural calamities, as their ability to repay is severely impaired. In all cases of restructuring, RBI has suggested banks consider a moratorium of at least a year. Also, lenders have been asked not to insist on additional collateral security for such restructured loans.
"Asset classification for (such) restructured loans will remain the same as prevalent at the time of restructuring for a period of a year, according to the extant guidelines for restructured loans," RBI had said in its July 1 circular detailing the guidelines for relief measures by banks in areas hit by natural calamities.

Darkness at noon: Hudhud hits Andhra  leaves trail of destructionThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Nifty holds 7 800; IT  metal scrips gainNifty holds 7,800; IT, metal scrips gain
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 13, 2014 10:31 AM IST
Markets continue to trade in the negative territory though the slide seen in the opening trades in benchmark indices have come to a halt. At 1030 hrs, the Sensex was down 154 point at 26,143 and the Nifty dropped 34 points to trade at 7,826.
Meanwhile, the broader markets too slumped into the negative territory with the small and midcap indices down 0.1% and 0.2% respectively.
There was some buying visible in the metal names. The BSE metal index was up 0.4% on the back of gains in scrips like Tata Steel, Hindalco and Jindal Steel.
IT index was the only other sectoral index in green with gains of 0.7%. Mindtree, Infosys and TCS up 1-2% were the top gainers while Wirpo was down 2.3%.
In individual names, Essar Group firm like Essar Ports and Essar Shipping rallied up to 20% after the board of directors of these companies approved the delisting of company’s shares from the stock exchanges.
Diamond Power Infrastructure surged 13% to Rs 131 after reporting 29% year-on-year  growth in net profit at Rs 40.32 crore for the second quarter, on back of strong operational income. The company had profit of Rs 31.19 crore during the same quarter last fiscal.
Multiplex chain operator PVR was up 4% at Rs 646 after Sundaram Mutual Fund acquired nearly over one percentage points stake in the company through open market.
___________________________
(Updated at 1030 hrs)
Mirroring weak global cues, markets witnessed a gap-down opening with the Nifty down 0.7% and the Sensex off 0.5% at 0919 hrs. The ones leading the losses in opening trades are ITC, ICICI Bank, L&T and Bharti Airtel.
The Sensex was down 137 points at 26,160 and the Nifty was down 56 points to trade at 7,804.
Momentarily the Nifty had slipped below the 7,800 mark. This was the first time since August 18, 2014 where the major technical support for the index was breached.
Weak IIP data for the month of August came in substantially below expectation at a mere 0.4%. Further, both capital goods and consumer goods logged negative growth, was a major negative sentiment weighing on the market participants.
However, the broader markets were flat. The smallcap index was up 0.1% and the midcap index was almost unchanged.
Sectors & Stocks
Apart from the IT index, all the other sectoral indices started in the red with a cut of atleast 0.2%.
Gains in Infosys and TCS kept the IT index in green with gains of 0.5%.
Auto, Bankex, Capital Goods, FMCG, Metal, Power and Realty indices down 0.7-1.2% were the top sectoral losers.
Infosys, TCS and Hero MotorCorp up 0.2-1.2% were the only stocks in green among the Sensex-30.
Meanwhile, the ones weighing on the benchmark index were Bharti Airtel, Tata Motors, Wirpo, M&M, BHEL and Sesa Sterlite down 1.5-2.3%.
Cipla, Hindalco, L&T, ICICI Bank, Dr Reddys, Sun Pharma, ITC and Tata Steel down a percent each were some of the other notable losers.
The market breadth was negative on BSE. 883 stocks declined while 647 stocks advanced.
Global Markets
Asian stocks stumbled to seven-month lows on Monday, while crude oil prices were pinned near a four-year trough as promising trade numbers out of China failed to cheer a market still worried about faltering global growth.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.8%, extending last week's 1.1% drop.
Mainland Chinese stocks skidded 1.1% and Hong Kong's Hang Seng shed 0.7%. South Korea's KOSPI slipped 0.6%.
Tokyo's Nikkei was spared the pain for now thanks to a public holiday in Japan.

RIL Q2 profit seen rising 2% to Rs 5 600 crore; here s how to play the stock ahead of resultsYou are here: Home > Collections > Ril
What should investors do with RIL ahead of Q2 results?
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 13, 2014, 11.39AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The oil & gas major is expected…)
NEW DELHI: Reliance Industries Ltd is scheduled to declare its results for the quarter ended September 30 post market hours on Monday, 13 October.
The oil & gas major is expected to report 2 per cent YoY rise in its net profit number to Rs 5,600 crore for the quarter ended September 30, as compared to Rs 5,490 crore reported in the year-ago period, according to an ET Now Poll.
However, net sales are expected to decline by 3.3 per cent YoY to Rs 1,00,300 crore as compared to Rs 1,03,758 crore reported in the year-ago period, added the poll.
Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) which has the third highest weightage in the S&P BSE Sensex managed to rally a little over 8 per cent as compared to 22 per cent rally seen in the BSE oil & gas index and 24 per cent gain recorded in the BSE Sensex. In this calendar year, Reliance made low at Rs 793 and high at Rs 1142.50 (BSE).
RIL has been trading with declining bias since June, 2014 (down nearly 10%) and has retraced from Rs 1100 levels to monthly support area of around Rs 920 in September 2014.
It appears that the stock is currently in a consolidation phase and trading below the long term averages (100, 200 EMA) on the daily chart.
This scrip is a complete underperformer, but it appears to have bottomed out at a recent low of Rs 917 after retracing 62 per cent of its last leg of rise from the lows of Rs 793 - 1140 levels, say analysts. Usually, this kind of retracement supports after large corrections.
"In the last couple of trading sessions after registering a double bottom around 920 level this scrip is rallying may be in anticipation of some positive outcome ahead of its results," said Mazhar Mohammad , Technical Research Strategist, Chartviewindia.in.
"Hence, risky investors can create long positions with a stop below Rs 935 for a target of Rs 990," he added.
If history is anything to go by then shares of Reliance Industries have largely ended flat to positive note. Considering the fact that RIL always declares results post market hours, the impact is felt a day after the results.
RIL results have largely remained a dampener, but analysts are still not giving up on the oil & gas major yet. Being an index major, we generally see sharp reaction on result day due to participants' interest, say analysts.
"Investors' can uphold their position as Reliance has potential to retest 1100 in next six months and it also hold strong support around 900-920 zone so the profit to loss ratio is quite favorable for investment at current juncture," said Ajit Mishra, AVP - Equity Retail Research, Religare Securities Ltd.
However, the stock could show some big swings ahead of results, say analysts RIL has been on the path of recovery this week and good results could trigger a big rally in the stock.
"Investors are advised to hold the stock for a target of 1050-1075 if the results are good rather than booking Profits on small rallies," said S.M Sakthi Prakaash" Lead Analyst, WealthRays Securities.
After looking the movement of past two quarters results, stock had not given huge upside or downside movement post results and has traded sideways. Considering the fact that RIL is not expected to do a whole lot in September quarter any negative news can triggers deep cuts in the stock.
"RIL on daily chart is looking bearish; traders should adopt sell on higher level strategy currently stock is trading around 960. If stock further retraces till the level of 1000 one can sell it and can expect the target of 900 in downside," said Vivek Gupta, CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
"One should maintain stop loss of 1040 in it. Those who are still holding Reliance are suggested to close 50 per cent of the position in it & for remaining 50% they should maintain stop loss of 910. Short term traders can adopt sell on higher level strategy," he added.
We have collated list of strategies from different analysts which can be deployed by investors ahead of RIL Q2 results:
Puneet Kinra (AVP Research (Equity Technical), Bonanza Portfolio Ltd
On Monthly charts, Reliance has support at 900-875 levels and Resistance at 1050 levels. Stock has the habit of gap up and gap down on result day. At the moment, Reliance is trading in Intermediate down trend and short term down trend," said
It is showing reaction rally of decline. Any decline in Reliance near 900 levels may be good buying opportunity for medium term target of 1050 and then 1150 levels. On the other hand, if Reliance maintain above 975 levels then it may achieve its first target 1050 in short term time.
Ajit Mishra | AVP - Equity Retail Research, Religare Securities Ltd.
Keeping in mind the current chart formation, a trader can initiate a mildly bullish option strategy - Bull spread. Buy a current month call option of 960 strike which is roughly trading around 24 and sell a current month call option of 1000 strike around 10. So, the max loss in this strategy is Rs 3500 and the profit is also limited to Rs 6500.

Why we should not blindly trust the US dollarHi Guest
Why we should not blindly trust the US dollar
The fact that the US dollar has become the world’s preferred reserve currency is now the core of global financial crisis, says Mohan Guruswamy.   Image: The US government and its even more profligate citizens have an apparently endless access to easy credit. Photograph: Amir Abdallah Dalsh/Reuters Imagine living on an island as a part of a small group, each of whom is assigned a specific vocation and task. In this system one person makes clothes, another shoes, someone pots and pans, ...

Essar Group ties up funds for $1.8-bn Minnesota iron projectThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India will be  solidly  in 5% growth bracket in FY15: RajanThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Maharashtra Campaign Rally LIVE: PM Modi in Palghar  Says Congress Looted the PoorThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Scuffles break out in HK as anti-protest groups tear down barricadesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Industrial production fiasco:  Long haul to recoveryThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Cop shot dead  another seriously hurt by gunmen in DelhiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Modi to visit Visakhapatnam TuesdayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

History and the nationalist projectUpdated: October 11, 2014 13:37 IST
History and the nationalist project
Subramanian Swamy
Tweet
The Hindu FLAWED NARRATIVE: "For decades the Congress party abused power to make Nehru out as a giant and all others small." Above is a file photo of L.K Advani in front of the Sardar Patel statue at the National Police Academy in Hyderabad.
TOPICS
India
What concerns Indian nationalists is that in spite of the application of science to questions of history, Nehruvian historians refuse to update materials that go into making history books
It is good to see Digvijaya Singh of the Congress Party finding time from his life of leisure and party responsibilities to address ideological issues raised by me that arise from the task of re-writing our history text books and de-falsification of the same.
In his article “ History, battleground for politics ” published in The Hindu on October 10, Mr. Singh alleges that my call for burning Indian history books written by Nehruvian historians, made at a public meeting in Delhi, is part of a larger conspiracy of the Sangh Parivar to devalue the contribution made by Jawaharlal Nehru in our history. My answer to that would be my intention is not to conspire, since my contempt for Nehru is no secret. I am clear that it is important to resize the stature that Nehru enjoys in Indian history in order to match the reality of his achievement.
Sardar Patel’s contributions
For decades the Congress party has used its power to make Nehru appear as a giant rendering all other political personalities small before him. The fact is that the greatest achievements of the past 67 years of our recent history do not belong to Nehru or to his family — the credit for the integration of over 500 independent princely states in 1947-49 by their merger from what then was divided India to make it what it is today is due solely to Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel. After the erstwhile princely state of Jammu and Kashmir was merged with India on October 26, 1947, Nehru completely mishandled the territorial dispute issue by taking it to the U.N. and that too without Cabinet approval. The mess that Kashmir is in today can be attributed to Nehru’s lack of national vision. Yet Sardar Patel was not awarded the Bharat Ratna till 1991 when Chandra Shekhar as Prime Minister and I as his senior-most cabinet minister rectified the omission. Nehru had taken the Bharat Ratna for himself in 1955, the very next year after it was instituted as a national award. As a nation builder, Nehru was a complete failure.
Mr. Singh states in his article that Nehru’s contribution to the freedom struggle under Gandhiji’s leadership is unmatched, and that he was the Mahatma’s chosen person to lead free India. My answer to that would be until 1942 it was C. Rajagopalachari who was the chosen successor but he lost his credibility among the masses due to his acceptance of Jinnah’s demand for Pakistan. Also had Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose returned safely to India after his Japan visit, he would have become the Prime Minister of India.
With Netaji gone, Gandhiji took a vote of Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC) presidents in 1946, and only one of the 16 PCC Presidents voted for Nehru. The other 15 voted for Sardar Patel. But Gandhiji asked Patel to withdraw in favour of Nehru for practical politics — to hasten British departure. History books of the future will record what the practical politics was, when all currently classified files are declassified.
Mr. Singh also states that the RSS-BJP combine and their followers do not have any one of their own who has contributed to the Indian freedom struggle. Hence they seek to appropriate Congress leaders as their own. Even “Chacha” Nehru and Indiraji have been owned by Prime Minister Modi recently, he says. My answer to that would be that Mr. Modi’s message that both Nehru and Indira’s birthdays should be celebrated by sweeping garbage out of the country should be appreciated in all its subtlety before he goes on to rejoice the transformation of Mr. Modi.
Of course, if Mr. Singh has digested the historical concoction handed down to us by Macaulay’s intellectual progenies, it would be difficult for him to name any one belonging to the Hindutva fraternity who had contributed to our independence struggle. Mr. Singh may, therefore, not have heard of Veer Savarkar who changed the outlook of generations of Indians with his book The Indian War of Independence — 1857. He might not have heard either of his great sacrifices in Andaman jail or his heroic escape from the British in Europe. Nor would he know about Hemu Vikramaditya or the great renaissance of the Vijayanagar Empire or the thorough beating the third Caliphate armies received on Rajasthan border at the hands of the Gujarat Prajapati dynasty and the Maharashtra-Andhra Chalukya Empire.
Lessons in history
Mr. Singh says that Mr. Modi is trying hard to distance himself from the hardcore religious and fundamentalist ideology in which he had been trained and associated with from early on. But he later says with mixed metaphor “Can a leopard conceal its spots?” So he fatuously prescribes how Mr. Modi should “tackle people like Mr. Swamy and other fringe elements” in order to emerge as a “true national leader.” In response all I would say is look at how Mr. Singh tutored Rahul Gandhi to be a national leader and what it led to... The Lok Sabha election result of 2014 is a testimony to that.
What really concerns nationalists in India is that in spite of the application of science to questions of history, Nehruvian historians are refusing to update and review the materials that go into making history books. The Aryan-Dravidian race theory has been demolished by recent researches in genetics based on DNA studies. It has been established that most Indians have the same DNA profile irrespective of caste, religion or region. Yet we find our text books talking about India being multiethnic.
The Sarasvati River had been called mythical by historians for the last 200 years. But now with the help of laser science it has been possible to locate the Vedic river underground and has now opened it up. Dwarka, the city of Lord Krishna, was similarly declared to be mythical. But under the dynamic leadership of Dr. S.R. Rao of the Archaeological Survey of India, Dwarka city was found under the ocean of the Gujarat coast. These discoveries find no reflection in our history textbooks.
The chronology that we are made to follow in history textbooks of today is such that Hindu civilisation is shown to arrive after the beginnings of the Judeo-Christian civilisation. Over 2,000 years of Hindu history has been truncated to zero for this purpose. Hence, just as Gandhiji started a revolution in India by urging the masses to burn British clothes, wear Khadi, and boycott British goods, we nationalists too advocate clarity with regards to our national identity by burning history books concocted by British imperialists.
(Subramanian Swamy is chairman of Bharatiya Janata Party’s Strategic Affairs Committee.)

Guest post: Montenegro is proving its commitment to Euro-Atlantic valuesSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Indian astronomer finds galaxy that pumps out radiation from starsIndian astronomer finds galaxy that pumps out radiation from stars
Vanita Srivastava , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 13, 2014
First Published: 00:14 IST(13/10/2014) | Last Updated: 03:32 IST(13/10/2014)
Comments
An Indian astronomer and her team at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, US has identified a galaxy 2.9 billion light-years away that's vigorously pumping out ultraviolet radiation. This discovery can help get a better understanding on the evolution of cosmos and exploration of new ones.
The galaxy in Ursa Major has been named J0921+4509. (Photo courtesy: NASA, ESA, R Overzier (ON/MCTI), T Heckman (JHU))
The discovery has been reported in the journal Science on Friday.
Sanchayeeta Borthakur and her colleagues used the cosmic origins spectrograph aboard NASA's Hubble space telescope to examine the galaxy named J0921+4509, which is located about three billion light-years away in Ursa Major.
"Our discovery of ionising radiation escaping galaxy J0921+4509 presents a viable and highly likely scenario where young stars can create gaps in their cloud blanket. And through these holes, extreme ultraviolet radiation capable of ionizing hydrogen can freely stream out. We believe that this is what is going on in the very first galaxies, "lead author Sanchayeeta Borthakur said.
Explaining the process she said, "This galaxy produced a billion solar masses of stars in a region of few hundred light years across and their combined force (in the form of stellar winds) blew part of the cloud cover. This creates tunnels for high energy extreme ultraviolet photons to escape.
"We used the Hubble space telescope to directly detect the escaping ionizing flux from this galaxy, she said, adding, "This is the first case in the nearby universe that we detected such a large escape fraction of 21% (the best nearby candidates have 1-3% escaping photons)."

Say no to minor domestic help  let the celebration begin at homeprint
Kailash Satyarthi’s Nobel feat made us proud. Our very own Dilliwallah operating from a small office in Kalkaji is now one of the world’s most feted figures. His Twitter followers grew by 4,300 in just 90 minutes of the announcement of Nobel Peace Prize on Friday. A Google search on his name was throwing up more than 800,000 results on Sunday.
 
But how much do we really know about this quiet, amiable gentleman or the cause he has been fighting for close to three decades? Yes, we know he works for abolition of child labour, which is banned in India. But we still hear horror stories of enslavement and torture of children working in homes, eateries, grocery stores and sweatshops that shame Delhi time and again.
 
Last year, a survey of 1,575 employers conducted by Child Rights and You (CRY) on the attitudes and beliefs about child labour in Delhi showed that 20% of the respondents in south Delhi thought that anyone over the age of 10 was not a child. "These people would possibly have no hesitation in hiring a child as young as 10 years. Not only this, many people consider that a child should not only study, but work as well," the study read.
 
What was more shocking was that 42% employers felt that children were as efficient as adults in carrying out any activity, 30% said that children below 18 should be paid less than adults, and 56% had seen children who didn’t go to school but did nothing about it.
 
As child labour is banned in India, the government has legal obligations and, prodded by voluntary groups, conducts occasional raids. Rescued children are put in temporary shelters. After age verification -- the process may take anything between a few days to months – they are sent home, with a release certificate and R20,000, if the child has been rescued under the Bonded Labour System (Abolition) Act.
 
At least 1,000 child workers are rescued every year in Delhi. Legal provisions for rehabilitation demand these kids are sent to schools and their families provided with earning assets. But nobody bothers to find out if they are not back in sweatshops or dhabas in another city or if they have starved to death.
 
But rehab, even when proper, is only a mopping up exercise. Parents push their young children into the labour market not because they are not necessarily evil but because they are desperately poor. The administration cannot fine the poor parents. If they are put behind bars, their children will anyway suffer. In a predominantly poor country, it is difficult to tackle the malady at its supply end. The only remedy is to reduce the demand.
 
The government could start by breaking the supply rings, which is nothing but trafficking rackets working in the garb of placement agencies that employ agents to bring thousands of children to Delhi and other metros from impoverished, desperate villages. Child rights activists tell us that it is now more profitable and less risky for traffickers to employ young girls as domestic helps than to sell them to brothels.
 
The demand for underage domestic helps is largely fuelled by middle-class homes in cities. Mumbai has revised its housing byelaws, making it mandatory for the managing committees of housing societies to report to police or the labour commissioner any instance of a resident or a contractor employing child labour.
The Delhi High Court set a deadline of October 25 for the government to compulsorily register all private placement agencies. This, experts say, is the best way to break these cartels of organised crime.
 
Enforced strictly, heavy penalties and intimidating jail term should be able to discourage demand across all sectors. Along with punitive action, the solution also requires changed mindsets. Employing an underage to do household chores is not an act of philanthropy, as many of us tend to believe. It denies, if nothing else, her right to education. Childhood is a gift that no child should have to earn. If we can’t respect it, we don’t belong to this celebration of Satyarthi’s Nobel.

Judgment Day for Oscar Pistorius  will he escape jailOscar Pistorius in court, will he escape jail?
Agencies
Fallen paralympic hero Oscar Pistorius returned to court Monday for his sentencing hearing after he was convicted of culpable homicide in the killing of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
 
The double-amputee track star last month escaped a murder conviction in a verdict that shocked the country and fuelled criticism of South Africa's legal system.
 
Kicking off what is expected to be a lengthy sentencing process, the defence team will bring mitigation arguments before Judge Thokozile Masipa in the High Court in Pretoria. Prosecutors will follow by arguing for aggravating circumstances.
 
The process is expected to last up to four days, with Masipa then likely adjourning court and announcing her sentencing decision at a later date.
 
The "Blade Runner" could face as much as 15 years in one of South Africa's notoriously brutal prisons or could dodge a jail term altogether with a non-custodial sentence after being found guilty on the equivalent of a manslaughter charge, but not guilty of premeditated murder.
 
The court will begin by hearing defence witnesses testify on why Pistorius should not serve time behind bars.They are likely to argue that the country's prisons are not suited for his disability and that the 2012 London Paralympics silver medallist is a first time offender.
 
Lawyer David Dadic said the defence will "heavily expand on their trial argument regarding Oscar's remorsefulness" in killing his girlfriend of Reeva Steenkamp.
 
"The biggest factor, however, which the defence will raise is, of course, the fact that Oscar is a first time offender," he added.
In turn, the state will call witnesses to testify on why he should serve the stiffest penalty, raising the issue of his history of negligence with firearms.
 
After the sentence is handed down, both the state and defence can appeal, a legal process likely to drag out for years.  In September, Judge Masipa ruled the 27-year-old did not knowingly shoot to kill 29-year-old model and law graduate Steenkamp on Valentine's Day 2013.
 
The sprinter admitted he fired four hollow point bullets through a locked toilet door in his upmarket Pretoria home, but said he believed he had been shooting at a burglar.
 
Masipa's ruling outraged many South Africans, including lawyers who believed she misinterpreted the definition of murder and questioned whether the justice system is failing the crime-plagued country.
 
Pistorius is currently out on bail of one million rand ($90,000). He had to sell his posh house inside a gated compound in Pretoria, the scene of the crime, to fund the cost of the trial, and has withdrawn from competitive sport since his arrest.
 
The trial which began on March 3 was broadcast live on television and radio, feeding insatiable local and international media interest.
The athlete cut a lonely figure in the dock, at some points sobbing and retching loudly while testifying.
What kind of sentence will Oscar Pistorius get?
Judge Thokozile Masipa has wide latitude as sentences for such a crime can range from a suspended sentence and a fine to as many as 15 years in prison.
South African lawyers vary widely in predictions about what kind of sentence Pistorius will get. Some say he is unlikely to go to jail because defence lawyers will successfully argue that the athlete is a first-time offender with a disability that would subject him to particular hardship in prison, while others anticipate that Pistorius will be sentenced to some prison time because of the severity of his crime.
"I think that the probabilities are that the judge will send him to prison for a certain period, but not a very long one," said George Bizos, a human rights lawyer. He did not specify the length of a possible jail term.
There are "clear aggravating and mitigating factors" that could influence the judge's decision-making but that it was difficult to accurately predict the penalty because the "sentencing law is so individually applied," said Kelly Phelps, a senior lecturer in the public law department at the University of Cape Town.
There are, however, past culpable homicide sentences in South Africa that provide some context for the Pistorius case.They include a singer known as Jub Jub whose murder conviction was overturned and replaced with a culpable homicide conviction this month, dropping his prison sentence from 25 to eight years.
He was arrested after a 2010 drag race in which he and another man ploughed cars into a group of schoolchildren, killing four and seriously injuring two.
In a separate case, a taxi driver's murder conviction was also reduced to culpable homicide last year, cutting his prison time to eight years instead of 20. The driver's car had hit a train, and 10 children died in the accident.

J-K: Jawan killed in encounter with militantsComments
An Army jawan was killed in an encounter with militants in Handwara in north Kashmir.
The jawan was killed when militants attacked a patrol party of 30 Rashtriya Rifles in the Waderbala area.
According to police officials, the army unit was moved  into the area, late last night, based on intelligence inputs about the presence of 5-6 Lashkar-e-Toiba militants in the area.A senior police official said that the firing started when army had a brief contact with a group of militants in Waderbala resulting in the injury to an army personal.
The militants however managed to flee using darkness to their advantage.
A massive manhunt has been launched in the area by soldiers from 22 Rashtriya Rifles with assistance from the state police.

Polaris down 5% post demerger; hits lower circuitYou are here: Home > Collections > Demerger
Polaris Financial hits lower circuit of 5% post demerger
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 13, 2014, 11.55AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jain
(Polaris plans to continue…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Polaris Financial Technologies extended losses for third straight session as the company formally completed its demerger process.
The company in its board meeting held in September, had fixed October 10 as the record date for the purpose of determining the list of shareholders who are entitled to receive the shares in Intellect Design Arena Limited, the resulting company after the demerger.
The stock had tanked nearly 21 per cent on October 09 as it traded at ex-demerger price.
"Board meeting will be held on October 15 to allot 1 share of Intellect to shareholders of Polaris," said Arun Jain , Chairman and Managing Director, Polaris Financial Technology to ET Now
Polaris plans to continue to invest in sales & marketing for products business. It has 185 customers globally out of which 10 clients are in above $5 million bracket.
At 11:20 a.m.; the stock was at 5 per cent lower circuit at Rs 194.15 on the BSE . It has corrected 21 per cent in the past three sessions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

JP Morgan cuts India 2014-15 growth forecast to 5.1%JP Morgan cuts India 2014-15 growth forecast to 5.1%
Reuters |  Oct 13, 2014 12:02 PM IST
JP Morgan has cut its India GDP growth projection for 2014-15 to 5.1% from 5.3% after weak factory output data.
 
"IIP (industrial production) debacle is the straw that breaks the camel's back," JP Morgan said in its Oct 10 report.
 
August industrial output rose just 0.4% compared with estimates of 2.4%.
 
The Reserve Bank of India projects GDP to grow at around 5.5% in the current fiscal year ending March 2015.
 
A slower growth and a fall in oil and commodity prices increase the chance for the RBI to attain its challenging 6% consumer price inflation target by January 2016, JP Morgan said.

Coalgate: Court summons ex-coal Secretary HC Gupta  others as accusedCoalgate: Court summons ex-coal Secretary HC Gupta, others as accused
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 13, 2014 11:45 AM IST
A special court today rejected the closure report of CBI and summoned as accused former Coal Secretary H C Gupta, two government servants, MP-based Kamal Sponge Steel and Power Ltd and its officials in a coal blocks allocation scam case.
Special CBI Judge Bharat Parashar took cognisance of the offences of criminal conspiracy, cheating, criminal breach of trust by public servant under the IPC and under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
"I am taking cognisance for the offences under sections 120B, 420 and 409 of the IPC and also under sections 13(1)(d) and 13(2) of the Prevention of Corruption Act. I am summoning the accused," the judge said, adding that a separate order will be followed.
The court issued summons to Gupta, two other serving government officials, Kamal Sponge Steel and Power Ltd, its managing director Pavan Ahluwalia and senior official Amit Goyal and directed them to appear before it on October 31.
The court directed the investigating officer to get the summons served to all the accused and also asked him to complete the documents to be given to the accused before the next date of hearing (October 31).
The court passed the order while rejecting the closure report filed by CBI in the case in which Kamal Sponge Steel and Power Ltd, its directors, Pavan, Kamaljeet Ahluwalia, Prashant Ahluwalia, Amit and some unknown government servants were named as accused for allegedly misrepresenting facts,including inflated net worth, to acquire coal blocks.

Smart recovery on D-Street; Nifty near 7 850; top 20 trading ideasYou are here: Home > Collections > Ril
Sensex recovers lost ground, Nifty retests 7800 levels; top 20 intraday bets
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 13, 2014, 11.33AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The fall in the index was…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex recouped some bit of losses after falling 205 points in trade on Monday, weighed down by muted global cues and weak IIP data released on Friday.
The fall in the index was led by losses in ITC, HDFC Bank, RIL, L&T, Wipro and Mahindra & Mahindra.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also came under pressure and slipped below its crucial psychological level of 7800 in trade today, weighed down by losses in capital goods, metal, power and banking stocks.
At 11:30 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,173.77, down 124 points or 0.47 per cent. It touched a high of 26276.57 and a low of 26092.69 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 7820, down 39 points or 0.50 per cent. It touched a high of 7835.10 and a low of 7796.00 in early trade.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Axis Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 396 and a stop loss of Rs 375
Voltas Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 236 and a stop loss of Rs 220
Canara Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 382 and a stop loss of Rs 365
Reliance Industries Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 935 and a stop loss of Rs 958
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2925 and a stop loss of Rs 2842
M&M Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1245 and a stop loss of Rs 1315
ACC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1340 and a stop loss of Rs 1397
CESC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 680 and a stop loss of Rs 730
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
UltraTech Cements Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2350 and a stop loss of Rs 2487
Colgate Palmolive India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1764 and a stop loss of Rs 1680
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2960 and a stop loss of Rs 2841
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Delta Corp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 97 and a stop loss of Rs 92
JSW Energy Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 77 and a stop loss of Rs 72
Lupin Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1375 and a stop loss of Rs 1328
Manish Hathiramani, Proprietary Trader & Technical Trader, Deen Dayal Investment
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 4040 and a stop loss of Rs 3860
ICICI Bank Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1380 and a stop loss of Rs 1500
Wockhardt Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 900 and a stop loss of Rs 740
Kunal Saraogi, CEO, www.equityrush.com
Motherson Sumi Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 382 and a stop loss of Rs 361
IOC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 390 and a stop loss of Rs 366
IDFC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 133 and a stop loss of Rs 140
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Domestic car sales dip 1.03%  bikes up 19.34% in SeptThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Markets recover  IT shares gainHi Guest
Markets end higher; Sep inflation, RIL Q2 eyed
Benchmark share indices staged a recovery in late trades, amid firm European cues, helped by a rebound in financials while IT shares gained post upbeat July-September earnings from Infosys. The 30-share Sensex ended up 86 points at 26,384 and the 50-share Nifty ended up 24 points at 7,884. The government will release consumer price inflation data for September later today. Foreign investors were net sellers in Indian equities to the tune of Rs 720 crore on Friday. Global investment bank JP ...

Board of Essar Ports approves proposal for delisting of sharesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Vardhman Special Steels announces resignation of directorThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Women take a manly stand on Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella s commentThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India eyes Finland for technology cooperation to boost manufacturingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Government IT Spending in India Forecast to Reach US$ 7.2 Billion in 2015: GartnerThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Moody s withdraws LIC s rating for business reasonsMoody's withdraws LIC's rating, cites own business reasons
M Saraswathy | Mumbai Oct 13, 2014 01:16 PM IST
Moody's Investors Service has withdrawn the 'Baa3' insurance financial strength rating of Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC).
 
Moody's said that it has withdrawn the rating for its own business reasons. As per Moody's internal guidelines, the withdrawal should not be interpreted as reflective of LIC's credit-worthiness.
 
According to Moody's policy, when a credit rating is withdrawn for ‘business reasons’, the reference is to its business, not that of the rated entity. It adds that this doesnot reflect any concerns about the rated entity’s credit-worthiness or the quality of its management. 
 
LIC is is the largest life insurance company in the country. The insurer reported total assets of Rs 18.5 trillion and shareholders' equity of Rs 5.4 billion at the end of June 2014.
 
LIC officials said that this was a business decision by Moody’s and that it does not reflect on their insurance business or have any consequence for their company.
 

India hits back with vengeance  strikes 37 Pak posts  15 killedIndia hits back with vengeance, strikes 37 Pak posts, 15 killed
Shishir Gupta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 08, 2014
First Published: 00:52 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 13:11 IST(8/10/2014)
Comments
The Indian security forces unleashed “massive retaliation” on Tuesday all along the 200-kilometre long International Border (IB) in Jammu against what they termed unprovoked firing by Pakistan Rangers that began on October 1.
Villagers show mortar shell marks on a wall after indiscriminate firing by Pakistan Rangers at a residential area. (PTI Photo)
The Indian attack targeted 37 Pakistani border posts, resulting in around 15 deaths, more than 30 injured and serious damage to outposts manned by the Pakistani Rangers, intelligence sources told HT.
India has lost six people and sustained 13 injuries in Pakistani firing in the Jammu sector, part of a five-fold increase in ceasefire violations on the IB this year to 41. The incidents have perplexed military analysts who are more accustomed to firing across the Line of Control (LoC) to facilitate infiltration of terrorists.
Pakistan taught 'befitting lesson', says Modi after decline in firing
The IB is the formal border between India and Pakistan and the 700-km LoC is a line demarcated in 1972 across which troops of either side are ranged.
A terse eight-minute phone conversation between the Indian and Pakistani deputy directors of the directorate general of military operations (DDDGMO) ended with brigadiers from both sides trading accusations.
There were some reports of the Rangers holding their fire in the wake of the strong Indian response but by and large the Pakistanis responded in kind to Indian action in Arnia, Raghubir Singh Pura, Ramgarh, Samba, Akhnoor and Pargwal.
“While India has no intention of escalating situation on the Jammu border, there is no question that the Pakistanis will be allowed to go without punishment,” said a senior South Block official.
Read: Thousands migrate to safer places as ceasefire violations by Pak continue
South Block sources said the Indian side was forced to open up after the Pakistan Army first violated the Line of Control in Poonch followed by their Rangers, who let loose with heavy machine guns and mortars in the Jammu sector.
The first incident happened on October 1, when the Pakistan Army targeted an Indian Army border outpost (BoP) under Mandi sub-division of Poonch sector. On October 3, the Pakistanis again fired at a BoP in Mandi, killing a 17-year-old girl and injuring four Indian civilians.
On October 3-4 night, the Pakistan Rangers decided to escalate firing to the IB and targeted an Indian BoP in Arnia sector. A Pakistani mortar shell landed in a house in Kaku de Kothey village in Arnia as a result of which two civilians sustained serious injuries. This was just the beginning.
On October 4, an Indian Army jawan was killed in an improvised explosive device blast and two others were badly hurt. The border action team of Pakistan-based terrorists had planted the device near Tiba forward post in Mendhar in Poonch sector.
Two days later, the Pakistan Rangers again opened up at the IB and targeted Indian BoPs in Arnia with heavy mortars, killing five civilians including a minor, and injuring 30 others. Since October 1, Indian BoPs in Mandi, Mendhar, Arnia, Khour, Ramgarh  and Rajouri sector have been targeted by the Pakistani forces.

The man who freed 80 000 children from slaveryEYE BROWSE
The man who freed 80,000 children from slavery and and child labour
In the 34 years since Kailash Satyarthi gave up his job as an electrical engineer to campaign for children's rights, the Indian Nobel Peace Prize winner has been beaten, seen his home attacked and his colleagues killed. Yet attempts on his life have not deterred Satyarthi from a mission to save children from slavery and end trafficking in India where he estimates 60 million children, or 6 percent of the population, are forced to work. He has since helped rescue more than 80,000 children from brick kilns, stone quarries, carpet loom factories, circuses, sweatshops and farms. He says the job was not without risks, and he often faced threats from factory owners. At least two people who worked with him were killed, he says.
Gallery View:The man who freed 80,000 children from slavery and and child labour

Hudhud intensifies; Odisha  Andhra brace for impactHudhud intensifies; Odisha, Andhra brace for impact
Priya Ranjan Sahu , Hindustan Times  Bhubaneswar/New Delhi, October 08, 2014
First Published: 10:48 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 17:23 IST(9/10/2014)
A strong cyclone heading towards India’s southeastern coast gathered strength on Wednesday, uprooting trees, triggering landslides and snapping power and phone links as it crossed the Andaman and Nicobar islands, officials said.
 
The India Meteorological Department (IMD) predicts Cyclone Hudhud -- named after a colourful bird – is likely to pack speeds of up to 140 km per hour when it makes landfall between Vishakhapatnam and Gopalpur on Sunday.
Odisha Disaster Rapid action force (ODRAF) personnel checking up their equipment in preparation ahead of cyclone HudHud in Bhubaneswar.(PTI photo)
An image from INSAT-3D of Indian Meteorological Department shows the actual position of cyclone Hudhud on October 9, 2014th at 08:30am.
"It is now crossing the Andaman and Nicobar Islands," the IMD said in a bulletin. "Thereafter, the system would continue to move west-northwestwards, intensify further into a severe cyclonic storm during the next 24 hours and subsequently into a very severe cyclonic storm during subsequent 36 hours."
Read: After Phailin, Cyclone Hudhud to hit Ganjam district
In the Andaman and Nicobar islands, authorities shut schools, cancelled ferry services and warned off fishermen. The islands' key Andaman Trunk Road was shut after dozens of trees were uprooted. Government officials said heavy rain set off landslides and snapped some power and communication lines.
Officials said they were working to clear the fallen trees, reconnect disrupted utilities and had deployed national disaster response forces. "I feel the entire situation will be fully under control," Tanvy Garg, the district commissioner of South Andaman, told reporters.
Authorities in Odisha and Andhra Pradesh are on alert with the cyclone bearing down on the coast exactly a year after cyclone Phailin battered Odisha. The state’s effective preparations, such as the evacuation of close to one million people to cyclone shelters, saved countless lives last year.
Aid workers say the state’s disaster preparedness was thanks in large part to the lessons learnt after a powerful cyclone in 1999 that killed 10,000 people.
Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik with officials from different departments during the cyclone preparedness review meeting at Secretariate in Bhubaneswar on Oct 8, 2014. (PTI Photo)
Met department officials said Cyclone Hudhud would be less intense than Cyclone Phailin, but disaster management preparations were in full swing in Odisha and Andhra Pradesh.
 
“The wind speed of Phailin was 210-220 km an hour. On the contrary, Hudhud is expected to have wind speeds of 130-140 km an hour. So this would be less intense, but we still monitoring and keeping a close watch,” said Dr M Mohapatra, head of the cyclone warning system at the IMD.
Read:  Odisha sets 'zero casualty' target as Hudhud approaches coast
 
Met department officials said fishermen had been warned not to go to sea as Odisha might experience heavy rainfall on October 12 and October 13 due to the effect of Cyclone Hudhud.
 
“All preparations have been made to meet the situation. All concerned departments have been asked to make their contingency plans,” said chief minister Naveen Patnaik.
 
Panicked coastal villagers on Wednesday scrambled to buy items of food and fuel, from rice and potatoes to petrol. Potatoes disappeared from markets and prices of onions, vegetables and other essential items rose by about 50%.
(With agency inputs)

Modi seeks to revive India s  zombie factoriesModi seeks to revive India's 'zombie factories'
Reuters | Kanpur Oct 13, 2014 07:56 AM IST
At British India Corporation's textile factory in Kanpur, four men sit in a control room watching computerised gauges eight hours a day. When they are done, another group takes over, and then another, for 24 hours a day - much as they might at any major industrial plant.
The problem is, nothing is produced there.
The strange tale of British India Corporation is an example of how political patronage and strict labour laws keep publicly owned companies going long after they are insolvent.
Now Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who campaigned in this year's general election on a promise of "minimum government, maximum governance", is preparing to invest more taxpayer money in ailing state-owned factories in a bid to turn them around.
While the government has announced the closure of six publicly owned companies, Minister for Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises Anand Geete said last month that about two-thirds of 64 loss-making firms can be revived with more money.
The government has set up a committee to examine ways sick public companies can be resuscitated, including using cash reserves from profit-earning state firms to provide lifelines to the loss-making ones, according to officials in New Delhi.
The committee will report its findings in two months.
The moves have disappointed those who want Modi to force through economic reforms, however painful. He might reply that past success in reviving "zombie" enterprises as chief minister of Gujarat state gives him the right to try on a national level.
"I am shocked they are considering putting more money in," said Mohan Guruswamy, chairman of the Centre for Policy Alternatives and a former official in the finance ministry.
"The litmus test of whether Modi is a reformer is what he does with these companies, not what he does on allowing more foreign investment. Unfortunately, it looks like he will avoid taking unpopular decisions."
Since winning India's first parliamentary majority in three decades in May, Modi has not been as ambitious as his supporters would like in introducing policies many say are needed to revive an economy growing at its slowest rate in nearly a decade.
So far, there has been little movement to roll back the previous government's subsidy programmes or repeal a law allowing retroactive taxation that has alarmed global investors.
"POSSIBLY THE WORST COMPANY IN THE WORLD"
In theory, British India Corporation sells army uniforms, rugs, blankets and tweed jackets, but it stopped manufacturing nine years ago after finishing its last order. Since then, the company, based in the gritty northern city of Kanpur, has lost about $50 million.
British India Corporation employs about 1,800 people. All the employees come to work, everyone gets paid, earns a bonus, there are overtime shifts, promotions and job changes.
There are bungalows for the managers, flats for workers, a hospital, schools and a subsidised shop. The gardeners, engineers and painters keep the grass trimmed, the machines in working order, and signs freshly painted.
"This could easily be the worst-run company in India, maybe the world," said Satyendra Nath, 58, head of the tax department, who spends his days reading the newspaper or watching television because there is no work to do. "Often, I think: what have I done in a previous life to end up working here?"
India put key industries in the hands of state-run monopolies in the years after independence in 1947, borrowing from Soviet thinking that late-industrialising countries needed to use state intervention to transform their economies.
A quarter of the country's 277 state-run firms, which produce everything from condoms to scooters, have lost about $16 billion over the last decade, according to government records.
At least 20 loss-making companies owned by the central government have stopped production or have almost no activity yet still pay staff full salaries, according to an official at the Board for Financial and Industrial Reconstruction, the agency charged with expediting restructuring or liquidation.
Indian ministers are reluctant to close these zombie companies because it will lead to job losses, which in turn could cost them votes.
India's labour laws, which the World Bank says are the most restrictive anywhere, also make it hard to sack staff for any reason other than criminal misconduct. So it can take decades for a severance package to be agreed.
However, Modi may adopt a plan for the loss-making state companies he used in Gujarat, where he was chief minister.
By giving boards more independence from ministers and using cash injections from the government, Modi was able to turn 20 publicly owned companies into profit in his 13 years as leader of the state.
"When Modi came to power in Gujarat he was determined to revamp the public sector companies, a majority of them were making losses," said P K Laheri, the former top bureaucrat in Gujarat who served as chairman of some of those state companies. "He did not want his ministers or politicians to play an active role in running them."
GOOD FOR NOTHING
British India Corporation, which hasn't made a profit since 1989, is among the companies being earmarked for revival, officials in New Delhi said. To pay off its debt and buy materials to restart production, the company would need an investment of $65 million, according to managers at the factory.
At the company's redbrick mills, where there is a four-sided clock tower built a century ago and silver weaving machines line the long factory floors, millions of dollars of never-used equipment sits decaying; a symbol of the mismanagement that has mired the company in crisis.
In 2005, after a $13 million taxpayer rescue, the factory managers spent the money on high-end weaving machines imported from Switzerland. But the plan to raise another $21 million by selling land to buy yarn and wool was never approved by the politicians so the machines have never been turned on.
Still, at 6:30 every morning, workers begin arriving for their shifts. Once the personnel department marks their attendance, they hang around talking with friends, complete odd jobs such as cleaning, or return home to see their families.
Employee Chandra Lal, 55, who has worked at the factory since 1987, says some of his colleagues have become alcoholics as they struggle to deal with the boredom. He says they are unlikely to find new jobs after years of inactivity.
"I have forgotten how to use my arms," Lal said. "Earlier we were respected members of our community. Now we are good for nothing, just like the factory."

Sensex down over 100 points; M&M drops 3%Sensex down over 100 points; M&M drops 3%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 13, 2014 11:32 AM IST
Benchmark indices trimmed early losses but continued to remain weak as losses in auto and private bank shares failed to offset gains in IT and metals.
At 11.30AM, Sensex is trading at 26,167 with a 140 points loss while Nify is at 7,820  with a loss of 40 points.
In the broader market, both BSE Mid cap and Small Cap indices have performed marginally better than the market with losses around 0.3%.
Market breadth is weak with 1,307 declines against 971 advances.
The consumer inflation data to be released later in the day and the Q2 earnings of Reliance Industries will be the key indicators for the day.
Rupee is trading higher at 61.24 against US Dollar which has strengthened against all major currencies.
Asian Markets
Asian markets have remained subdued following a weak opening primarily due to persisting slump in global markets  and economy captured most significant by fall in crude prices. Brent crude has dropped $25 since June and on Friday came quite close to $88 a barrel for the first time in nearly four years.
Hang Seng, Strait Times and Shanghai indices  have lost around 0.7% each while NIkkei was spared the pain as Japanese market is closed on account of National Sports day.
Positive Chinese trade data, a rise of 15.3% in exports and 7% in imports, has failed to improve on market sentiments so far.
 
In the global market along with the lingering impact of weak German data, Standard & Poor's downgrade of  France to a negative outlook is likely to result in a weak opening at the European markets.
Sectors and Stocks
BSE IT, Teck and Metal indices are the only ones in green posting gains in the range of 0.5-0.8%. BSE Reality Index is the biggest loser with a decline of around 2% while BSE Auto, Oil & Gas, Capital Goods and FMCG Indices have lost around 1%.
Following upon huge gains on Friday on the back of strong Q2 performance, Infosys has has advanced around 1.3% along with its peer TCS.
Hero Motocorp is another big gainer with advance of 1.4%. Launch of new vehicles before the festive season added premium to its stocks.
After being asked by the government to prepare plans for the handling of de-allocated mines, Coal India has stepped to the task by announcing future strategy to focus on undrground mines to improve productivity while reducing procurement from less produtive mines. It is trading with a gain of around 1%.
Postive Chinese data has brought focus back to metal stocks. Tata Steel is gaining 0.5% while Hindalco and Sesa Sterlite are flat.
Among major declines,Mahindra and Mahindra stocks have declined around 3.4% on back of the company announcing no production days at its tractor plants located at Rudrapur and Jaipur for four days during the remaining period of October, to align production with sales requirements.
Tata motors has declined around 1%. The overseas sales data of company's premium brands, Jaguar and Land Rover are below the market expectations.
Sun Pharma is trading with a loss of around 1%. The company  was pulled up by US drug regulator for failing to take adequate corrective measures on the drugs which were recalled from the US market in this year.
Among other shares,Shares of Essar Group firm like Essar Ports and Essar Shipping has rallied up to 11% after the board of directors of these companies approved the delisting of company’s shares from the stock exchanges
Shares of Future Retail and Future Lifestyle Fashions were upto 3% after the Future Group announced a strategic tie-up with Amazon India.
Novartis India has declined around 2.2%  after being penalised by National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) to the tune of Rs 300 crore for overcharging consumers on sale of Voveran, its best-selling painkiller medicine. Voveran, Novartis’ analgesic brand, is based on diclofenac, a component under the government’s direct price control.
Shares of multiplex chain operator PVR has trading around 8% higher after Sundaram Mutual Fund acquired nearly over one percentage points stake in the company through open market.
Diamond Power Infrastructure has surged 13%  after reporting 29% year-on-year (yoy) growth in net profit at Rs 40.32 crore for the second quarter ended September 2014 (Q2), on back of strong operational income.

Post Hudhud  relief work on in Andhra and Odisha; PM Modi to visit VisakhapatnamAs Cyclone Hudhud weakened moving north-westward, the governments of Andhra Pradesh and Odisha on Monday focused on bringing life back to normal in the affected districts following damage to infrastructure and shortage of essential commodities.
 
An alert for heavy to very heavy rainfall has been sounded in districts of Visakhapatnam, Srikakulam and Vizianagaram and in some parts of Odisha, where the cyclone claimed eight lives so far before heading to Chhattisgarh.
 
Over 2.48 lakh people in 320 villages of 44 mandals (blocks) have been affected by the cyclone in Andhra Pradesh.
 
As many as 1,35,262 persons have been evacuated and accommodated in 223 relief camps.
 
According to the state's revenue (disaster management) department, five persons were killed in incidents of wall and roof collapses and uprooting of trees in the region.
 
The dead included one-year-old P Naga Manoj.
 
It was a picture of destruction in Visakhapatnam, which bore the brunt of the cyclone fury, with hundreds of fallen trees, poles and other rubble blocking roads as winds of almost 200 kmph tore away roofs and hoardings in the city, where the cyclone made landfall on Sunday.
 
"There is no power, no water or milk, no electricity. We are not getting petrol. We cannot move on the roads. It is difficult to survive a single day here," said a harried resident.
 
The cyclone snapped water and power supply and communication links have collapsed in the affected areas.
 
Most of the petrol pumps were closed due to the damage caused by the cyclone and those which had opened on Monday, saw people queuing up in large numbers.
 
The airport and railway lines in the city were badly damaged in the heavy downpour and gusty winds.
 
The state government has started the tedious exercise of assessing damage and losses with chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu directing Hyderabad-headquartered National Remote Sensing Centre to use geo-tagging to put the data on damage on the map.
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will visit Visakhapatnam on Tuesday to take stock of the situation while Naidu's cabinet is expected to be in the city as the government focuses on bringing life back to normal in the affected districts.
 
"Will visit Visakhapatnam tomorrow and take stock of the situation," he tweeted.
 
Modi said he has spoken to Naidu and has been constantly taking updates.
 
According to Met department, Hudhud lay centred very close to south Chhattisgarh and adjoining southwest Odisha. It would move north-northwestwards and weaken gradually.
  
Tidal waves hit the Vizag beach as Cyclone Hudhud reaches Visakhapatnam. (PTI Photo)
Tidal waves hit Vizag beach as cyclone Hudhud reaches the port city of Visakhapatnam. (PTI Photo)
Fishermen negotiate their skiff through rough waves ahead of Cyclone Hudhud on Saturday. (AFP Photo)
People look at a sea tide at Vizag on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
A man carries his wife to safety after a wave hits a beach in Gopalpur in Ganjam district, Odisha. (Reuters)
A view of Visakhapatnam city due to Cyclone hudhud on Sunday. (Arun Sharma/HT Photo)
Huge waves hit the beach in Visakhapatnam on Sunday. (AFP Photo)
People move during rain in Berhampur near Gopalpur sea beach as cyclone Hudhud looms. (PTI photo)
NDRF jawans depart from their Mundali headquarters to the districts that could be hit by Cyclone Hudhud in Bhubaneswar on Friday. (PTI Photo)
Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force (ODRAF) personnel who are to be deployed ahead of a new upcoming Cyclone Hudhud in Ganjam district, in Bhubaneswar. (Arabinda Mahapatra/HT photo)
Large waves buffet the coastline as Cyclone Hudhud makes landfall in Visakhapatnam. (AFP photo)
Residents of seaside village Satabhaya are rescued after their boat sank in Bausagali river in Odisha's Kendrapada district on Saturday. (Arabinda Mahapatra/ HT Photo)
Read: Worst of Hudhud over, rain the worry
No serious damage in Odisha
As Hudhud made its exit into the mainland over south Chhattisgarh and adjoining southwest Odisha and weakened into deep depression, the state government on Monday braced for relief and rehabilitation in the affected southern districts.
 
Odisha special relief commissioner PK Mohapatra said no serious damage has been reported except for a few trees and electric poles getting uprooted in one or two districts.
 
“Our advance teams cleared the roads within an hour. We evacuated more than 2.33 lakh people and by God’s grace, there is no increase in casualty,” Mohapatra said.
 
On Sunday, three people died in the state. The deceased were identified as six-year-old Puja Mallick and 11-year-old Hemant Mallick of Magarkanda village in Kendrapara district and 42-year-old fisherman Sudulu Goraya of Penthakata in Puri district, Mohapatra said.
 
Mohapatra said the government had been keeping a watch on flood-like situation and the situation was completely under control.
 
Rains accompanied by gusty wind continued in several parts of south Odisha including Malkangiri district and officials said the wind speed would gradually decrease.
 
As the cyclonic storm moved away from the state and proceeded north-westwards continuing to lose steam gradually, the met office forecast rainfall at many places over Odisha and heavy to very heavy rainfall at one or two places of interior districts in the next 24 hours.
 
“It would move north-northwestwards, weaken into a depression during the next six hours and into a well-marked low pressure area during subsequent six hours,” an IMD spokesperson said.
 
Special relief commissioner Mohapatra said the state government had to make special efforts to get the tribal people, mostly from the Bonda and Didia communities in Malkangiri, to leave their dwellings and move to safety.
 
As most of the southern region received heavy to medium rainfall, the state government had made preparations for any possible floods in rivers like Bansadhara and Rusikulya.
 
However, the water level in the two rivers was below danger levels, officials said.
Watch: Hudhud slows down, heavy rainfall to follow: MeT
At least 16 teams of National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) and 10 Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force (ODRAF) were engaged in rescue operations and 17 satellite phones given by the central government were used for uninterrupted communication.
 
NDRF and ODRAF teams are now gearing up for post-cyclone operations in order to restore normalcy in the cyclone affected areas, officials said.
 
Steps have been initiated to restore power supply in some areas in south Odisha where electric poles and other systems had been affected, they said.
 
Armed with equipment and machinery, the teams would soon remove uprooted trees, they added.
 
Free kitchens have been set up in around 2,000 shelter homes where the evacuated people were accommodated in the ten districts of Gajapati, Ganjam, Koraput, Malkangiri, Puri, Rayagada, Nabarangpur, Kendrapara, Kalahandi and Khurda, a senior official said.
 
Those sheltered in these centres would be able to leave for their homes as soon as the rainfall and situation improves and wind speed falls, he said.
 
Road and train operations to Vishakhapatanam were suspended during the cyclonic movement on Sunday as a precautionary measure in view of the storm.
 
While the state government stopped plying of buses to Andhra Pradesh and many southern Odisha districts, the Indian Railways cancelled 58 trains and diverted 50 others.
 
While bus services were resuming to some places on Monday, the railways was also planning to run trains up to Palasa, officials said.
 
Chief minister Naveen Patnaik had spoken to Union home minister Rajnath Singh on Sunday and apprised him of the his government's preparedness.
 
Similarly, chief secretary GC Pati had interacted with Union cabinet secretary Ajit Seth thrice over the situation.?
 
Officials said the Odisha government would also extend further help to Andhra Pradesh soon.
 

Biyani s Future Group ties up with Amazon IndiaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Smart recovery on D-Street; Nifty zips past 7850; top 20 stock betsAshwani Gujral
(Infosys was the top gainer…)
NEW DELHI: The Indian markets made a smart recovery in noon trade after plunging more than 200 points in early deals.
At 1:54 pm, the Sensex was at 26,368.50; up 71.12 points.
The Nifty was at 7,878.90; up 18.95 points.
Recovery was seen on the back of buying witnessed by the IT heavyweight stocks like Infosys and TCS.
Infosys was the top gainer among the Sensex stocks it gained 2.1 per cent and was trading at Rs 3,971. It also touched its fresh 52-week high of Rs 3,973.75 in trades today. TCS was also among the gainers it gained 1.3 per cent and was at Rs 2,712.
On the other hand, Mahindra & Mahindra, Cupla, Dr Reddy's Labs and Bharti Airtel ware the top losers on the Sensex.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Axis Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 396 and a stop loss of Rs 375
Voltas Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 236 and a stop loss of Rs 220
Canara Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 382 and a stop loss of Rs 365
Reliance Industries Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 935 and a stop loss of Rs 958
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2925 and a stop loss of Rs 2842
M&M Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1245 and a stop loss of Rs 1315
ACC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1340 and a stop loss of Rs 1397
CESC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 680 and a stop loss of Rs 730
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
UltraTech Cements Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2350 and a stop loss of Rs 2487
Colgate Palmolive India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1764 and a stop loss of Rs 1680
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2960 and a stop loss of Rs 2841
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Delta Corp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 97 and a stop loss of Rs 92
JSW Energy Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 77 and a stop loss of Rs 72
Lupin Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1375 and a stop loss of Rs 1328
Manish Hathiramani, Proprietary Trader & Technical Trader, Deen Dayal Investment
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 4040 and a stop loss of Rs 3860
ICICI Bank Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1380 and a stop loss of Rs 1500
Wockhardt Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 900 and a stop loss of Rs 740
Kunal Saraogi, CEO, www.equityrush.com
Motherson Sumi Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 382 and a stop loss of Rs 361
IOC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 390 and a stop loss of Rs 366
IDFC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 133 and a stop loss of Rs 140
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maharashtra polls: 49% candidates fielded by major parties have criminal backgroundPolitical parties fielding candidates with criminal background is nothing new and Maharashtra is no exception.
 
The Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) has analysed the affidavits of 2,336 candidates (out of 4,119) contesting the upcoming state elections.
 
Even though the report is only half complete, it covers all the 1,318 candidates from major parties - Congress, BJP, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena, Shiv Sena and NCP. 
 
 
HT looked at the data and found that Shiv Sena and MNS lead in fielding candidates with criminal charges. A whopping 61% and 54% of candidates respectively from these two parties have criminal charges.
 
Further, Shiv sena has fielded the most number of candidates (114) with 'serious' criminal charges.
 
 
Interestingly, most of the major parties have reduced fielding the number of candidates with criminal charges as against the previous assembly elections in 2009.
Moreover, 54% of the constituencies in Maharashtra have three or more candidates with criminal background contesting the elections.
 
In four constituencies of Uran, Kalina, Anushakti Nagar and Vandre East, each has seven candidates with criminal cases against them contesting. Significantly, apart from Uran, all the other three constituencies are in Mumbai.
Story ideated and written by: Sourjya Bhowmick (@sourjyabhowmick)
Edited and visualized by : Vignesh Radhakrishnan (@vinuthewriter)

Al-Qaeda  IM may target Nepali politicians  Delhi warns Kathmanduprint
New Delhi has warned Kathmandu that some ‘prominent Nepali politicians’ could be assassinated by al Qaeda and Indian Mujahideen (IM) operatives.
A news report in ‘The Annapurna Post’ on Monday claims India’s external affairs ministry sent a letter in this regard to the Nepal government on September 25 through its embassy in Kathmandu.
Based on intelligence from ‘highly reliable sources’ the letter also spoke of abduction threat to Indian diplomats in Nepal and possible hijacking of an Indian or Nepali aircraft flying out of Kathmandu.
“We have received written and verbal intimation in this regard from the Indian side and police and other security agencies have been alerted,” the Nepali daily quoted an unnamed foreign ministry source.
The letter doesn’t mention why Nepali politicians could be targeted or who could be under threat.
It adds some operatives of al Qaeda and IM may have already entered Nepal and could be hiding in the capital or neighbouring areas. There could also be a poisonous gas attack on common citizens, it said.
The warning has jolted administrative and security establishment here at a time when the Himalayan nation is busy planning next month’s South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit.
The report adds India has asked Nepal for more security at its establishments in Kathmandu and other places and also for its diplomats based in the country.
Nepal’s foreign ministry spokesperson Khaganath Adhikari claimed ignorance about the letter. “I have also read the news report. But I have no idea about any such letter,” he said.
However, a senior diplomat in the Indian embassy confirmed that India has shared information of threats and security matters to Nepal both through notes and during discussions. He refused to divulge details.
Nepal has been a favourite hiding spot for terrorists and criminals from India. Last year Lashkar-e-Taiba operative Abdul Karim Tunda and IM founder Yasin Bhatkal and another associate were arrested here.
In 1999, Indian Airlines flight IC814 on way to New Delhi from Kathmandu was hijacked by Harkat-ul-Mujahideen operatives and taken to Afghanistan via Amritsar, Lahore and Dubai.

Sensex down 53 points; auto stocks lowerThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

PriceTree.com Launched its Price Comparison AppThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Network 18 reports consolidated net loss of Rs 36.47 crore in Q2Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Blue Star Infotech recognized as leader in the Consumer Software segmentThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Super-typhoon Vongfong Seen Closing in on Japan From SpaceThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

FOREX-Yen in demand as global growth worries dampen risk appetiteThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Modi connects with fishermen for final day campaign in MahaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Federer edges Simon for another Masters titleUpdated: October 12, 2014 23:23 IST
Federer edges Simon for another Masters title
AP
Reuters Roger Federer returns a shot to Gilles Simon during the men's singles final match at the Shanghai Masters tennis tournament.
TOPICS
tennis
It was the Swiss’ 81st career crown
Roger Federer claimed one of the few titles to have previously eluded him after he overcame a sluggish start to beat injured Frenchman Gilles Simon in the final of the Shanghai Rolex Masters on Sunday.
The Swiss 17-times Grand Slam singles champion triumphed 7-6(6), 7-6(2) to register his 23rd Masters Series title and first in China, where strong winds saw the roof on the Stadium Court closed for the hard court final.
The 33-year-old let off a huge roar and threw both fists into the air after a battling Simon could only net a return to hand the Swiss a fourth title of the year and 81st of an unparalleled career.
Good beginning undone
It had all begun so well for the unseeded Frenchman, who broke a sloppy, error strewn Federer in the opening game and comfortably held firm until he felt the pressure of serving for the set at 5-4 and began to creak.
With his first serve and accurate groundstrokes deserting him, Federer had two break points but wasted the first with an alarmingly high 14th unforced error only for Simon to hand him the game on the next point after netting a backhand.
A wobbling Simon fought off two set points on his next service game after finding his range with his first serve again to force a tiebreak with a booming ace as he refused to buckle in search of his first Masters Series title.
Wasted set point
The world No. 29 then had a set point of his own in the tiebreak but Federer came up with an unreturnable first serve to snuff out the danger before producing a near-perfect backhand winner down the line to take the breaker 8-6.
Simon, who had knocked out Australian Open winner Stan Wawrinka and sixth seed Tomas Berdych en route to the final, took a medical time out for treatment on a suspected groin problem at the end of the set and looked uncomfortable upon his return.
However, the Frenchman fought on admirably, digging himself out of some early holes to hold his six service games before threatening an unlikely break in the 11th game of the set.
Wasting set points
Having struggled to make an impact on the Federer serve throughout the set, he fashioned two set points out of nowhere, only to waste both with groundstroke errors as Federer held on.
The Swiss then stepped it up in the breaker, firing some big serves and stunning winners to fashion four championship points with Simon folding on the first.
Federer, who will move above Rafa Nadal into second spot in the world rankings when they are updated on Monday, has now won seven of the nine different Masters Series events with only the clay court Monte Carlo and Rome tournaments eluding him.
The result: Final: Roger Federer bt Gilles Simon 7-6(6), 7-6(2). — Agencies

Hudhud leaves trail of destructionUpdated: October 13, 2014 01:24 IST
Hudhud leaves trail of destruction
Y. Mallikarjun
Tweet
The Hindu Hoardings collapsed as Hudhud crossed the coast in Visakhapatnam on Sunday. Photo: K.R. Deepak
REUTERS A man walks as strong winds blow along a beach in Gopalpur in Ganjam district in Odisha on Sunday. The very severe cyclonic storm made landfall in Visakhapatnam before noon. The gale, accompanied by heavy downpour, resulted in trees being uprooted and roofs of thatched huts and sheds being swept away.
INFOGRAPHIC
cyclones
Over 1.35 lakh people shifted to 223 camps; six killed in A.P., Odisha; 24 NDRF teams deployed, Navy launches “Op Lehar”
Cyclone Hudhud caused extensive devastation as it made landfall at Visakhapatnam on Sunday afternoon. Three persons each were killed in cyclone-related incidents in the State and Odisha. Authorities evacuated more than five lakh people to relief camps in Andhra Pradesh.
While Visakhapatnam city and the wider district bore the brunt of the havoc, the cyclonic storm caused widespread damage in the north coastal districts of Srikakulam and Vizianagaram, besides affecting normal life in East Godavari.
Gale force winds accompanied by rain battered Visakhapatnam, disrupting communication, and uprooted electric poles, trees, flexi boards and hoardings at several places. The authorities had suspended power supply and stopped traffic on the national highways since Saturday evening as a precautionary measure.
As many as 24 National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) teams, two Army columns, 56 boats/launches and six helicopters were deployed for relief measures. The state government also rushed 155 medical teams to prevent outbreak of diseases. The navy will lead a joint armed forces relief operation, code named Lehar.
The Met Department said Hudhud had weakened into severe cyclonic storm and the wind speeds reduced to 100 kmph by 5.30 on Sunday evening. It would weaken further into a cyclonic storm and into depression by 11.30 on Monday morning.

12 mistakes to avoid when you quit a job | Switching jobs Avoid tax troubleYou are here: Home > Collections > Clearance
12 common mistakes to avoid when you quit a job
Oct 13, 2014, 10.30AM IST
Tags:
Career transition
By Devashish Chakravarty
Leaving a job can be difficult, especially if it is not out of choice. However, if you intend a smooth career transition and do not want to diminish your prospects, you must avoid making the following mistakes.
Histrionics: You were just told that your services are no longer required. You are tempted to abuse, scream or maybe plead to be retained. Control your emotions. Resist the urge to sulk and snap at your teammates. You want them to remember your achievements, not your breakdown.
Stealing or damaging: You may feel that you got a raw deal and were laid off for no fault of yours. Perhaps your financial dues have been withheld. Don't seek revenge. It's a terrible idea to damage office property or take away stuff/data that does not belong to you. Your reputation will be tarnished, leaving you unemployable. In the worst case, you could risk going to jail.
Checking out mentally: Your notice period has commenced and your last working day is fast approaching. Be a thorough professional and work with the same intensity as before. People may not remember your contributions, but if you slack off, they will remember for a long time how you let them down.
Not planning a transition: Once you leave, your colleagues will deal with the projects you leave behind. The impact of these unfinished tasks will help determine your professional reputation. So sit down with your manager and make a knowledge transfer plan for your replacement. Communicate the plan and progress with everyone concerned in person and on e-mail. Let your work speak for you after you leave.
Forgetting data and equipment: Don't forget to hand over data and equipment and get a clearance certificate or e-mail from every stakeholder, including teammates, HR, accounts, IT and vendors. Upload a copy of the certificates to your personal e-mail ID before you submit the clearance to your superviser and HR.
Keeping claims pending: If your reimbursements, travel and medical bills are pending with your employer, make sure you pursue the matter to conclusion and get your money before you leave. Recovery will be difficult once you are outside. Where possible, sign off in advance on the date and amount of your full and final settlement.
Offering criticism: You will have an exit interview before you leave. This is not the time to show your angst or pour your heart out. Your misplaced 'constructive criticism' can either harm your teammates or brand you as a person who chose not to speak up while at work. Discuss only what worked for you and what was good about your team.
Withdrawing PF: Are you afraid that you may run out of cash if you don't find another job shortly? Resist the temptation of withdrawing from your Provident Fund (PF) account. Though it is an easy way out, you will lose the savings meant for retirement. Dip into your PF only if you are retiring, or if you plan to reinvest the amount in an asset like property. If not, find ways of curtailing your expenses until your cash flow stabilises.
Discussing your future employer: Do not share your future plans with your colleagues. Whether you are interviewing elsewhere or have job offers in hand, do not talk about them. Discussing the 'fantastic opportunity' at your workplace will cause resentment and negativity among colleagues. If, for some reason, the new job does not work out, you will face ridicule.
Badmouthing the employer: As you head down to the pub or catch up with your colleagues over coffee, it will be tempting to vent out against your manager or teammates. Don't do so. Whatever you say will invariably find its way to your workplace. Also, at future job interviews, you will be asked to justify your exit. Badmouthing your last firm or manager will get you rejected for coming across as a disgruntled employee. It is best to focus on your desire for better growth opportunities.
Fudging your CV: While you craft your resume for a new role, be extra cautious in describing your present responsibilities and achievements. Most employers will run a third-party verification check. At the very least, the HR at the firm you have applied to will call your present employer for a quick reference check. A negative verification report will not only cost you your job but also tarnish your reputation in the industry. Similarly, don't tweak your joining and relieving dates or designation on your CV.
Holding a grudge: As you walk out for the last time, drop the grudges at the office step. Leave your ex-colleagues empowered and energised in your final conversations. Take the emotional high ground of forgiveness and gift yourself freedom and energy to propel yourself in your next role.
 
5 things to do
Make a personal plan:
Much before you quit, think through your reasons and consequences of quitting. Work out your finances and cash-flow options. If you have been fired and are feeling overwhelmed, plan out one day at a time.
Share contacts

Emami hits new high as FIIs hike stake to record highEmami hits new high as FIIs hike stake to record high
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 13, 2014 11:39 AM IST
Shares of personal products maker Emami has surged 5% to Rs 730 after the foreign institutional investors (FIIs) stake in the company touches record high during September 2014 quarter.
FIIs have increased their stake in the company to 17.23% in September quarter against 16.77% at the end of June quarter, Emami said in a regulatory filing.
The stock is among major outperformer in past three months by gaining 42% compared to less than 4% rise in benchmark indices S&P BSE Sensed and CNX Nifty.
Meanwhile, analyst at Prabhudas Lilladher estimate 20% sales growth on a low base (12.8%) as favorable climate (delayed/weak monsoons) in several parts will boost demand for Navratna oil, Talc and Zandu Balm.
Analyst estimate 17.4% growth in EBITDA and 15.3% growth in net profit for the quarter ended September 2014.
The stock opened at Rs 699 and touched high of Rs 735, also its record high on BSE. The trading volumes on the counter more than doubled with a combined 245,000 shares changed hands till early noon deals on NSE and BSE.

Infosys rallies 9% post Q2 earnings; stock hits new highInfosys rallies 9% post Q2 earnings; stock hits new high
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 13, 2014 12:12 PM IST
Infosys is trading higher by nearly 2% at Rs 3,952, extending its Friday’s nearly 7% rally, after the company reported a better-than-expected consolidated net profit at Rs 3,096 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014 (Q2) besides declaring 1:1 bonus.
The stock opened at Rs 3,898 and hit new high of Rs 3,959 on National Stock Exchange (NSE). A combined 1.92 million shares changed hands on the counter so far on NSE and BSE.
In his first investor interaction, Infosys Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director, Dr. Vishal Sikka re-affirmed revenue growth should return to the industry levels by FY17.
The aim would be to become the next generation services company with 15-18% USD revenue growth and 25-28% EBIT margins longer term, he had said.
Despite the run up already seen in the stock, analysts remain bullish on the counter. Bhuvnesh Singh and Hitesh Da, analysts at Barclays maintain overweight rating on the stock and have revised price target to Rs 4,650.
“While details of the new strategy should emerge over the next few months, we believe that the new CEO's plan to embrace newer technologies such as automation and AI to drive growth is a step in the right direction,” analysts said in research report.
Also read: Infosys Q2 results: Should you buy the stock now?
With the ask rate for meeting FY15 revenue guidance expanding to 1.4-3.8%, we do not expect any negative surprises on this front and believe that investors would focus on management's plan of action on executing the new strategy, the report suggests.

India has a future in football: Michael Choprasoccer
The former Newcastle striker talks to The Hindu the eve of his team Kerala Blasters’ opening match in the ISL.
After playing for England in just about every age category, Michael Chopra was hoping to play international football one day. That day never came.
Now, the former Newcastle striker sees that as an advantage, because he could play for India, the country of his father. “I have been dreaming of playing for India for the last few years and I am willing to give up my British citizenship for that,” Chopra told The Hindu on Sunday, the eve of his team Kerala Blasters’ opening match in the ISL.
Excerpts:
There have been injury concerns for you…
I had a hamstring injury two weeks ago and it took me 10 days to recover, but I am fully fit now. I played for 60 minutes in a friendly against Salgoacar and scored two goals.
Kerala Blasters is not considered particularly strong…
We are going to prove people wrong.
With the experience some of our players have had in the English league, we would do well. Our team believes we could win the ISL; I believe we will win comfortably.
How has it been working with David James? He is also your coach…
People talk about him being 44, but he is still a great goalkeeper and has played in World Cups and in top divisions for many years. He has worked with some of the world’s best managers like Fabio Capello and he is passing on that experience to us.
Your thoughts on Indian football…
There are 1.3 billion people in India, but the country is ranked 158th in world football. But, I believe India has a future in football and the ISL is the first step towards that. I am happy that I am being part of that process to take Indian football forward.
I want to help Indian football. I would like to play in the I-League after the ISL.
On playing for the team co-owned by Sachin Tendulkar…
It’s a privilege. He is not just a cricket star. He is a sport star. I have watched him bat on television. I have also tried to play cricket, you know. I liked to bat; it is more exciting than bowling.
How do you look back at your time at Newcastle?
It was great playing along with the likes of Alan Shearer, Craig Bellamy, Gary Speed and Patrick Kluivert.
You were coached by Bobby Robson at Newcastle.
I remember him with gratitude; he gave me my debut at Newcastle. He would often tell me about taking Ronaldo as a teenager to Barcelona and that I should play like him.

Infosys Shares Extend Outperformance on Stellar Q2Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Suven Life gets patent for CNS molecule from US  South KoreaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

UPDATE 5-Oil heads for 4-year low on Saudi output signalThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Shreejal Info Hubs: Outcome of board meetingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sahara eyes US hedge funds to rescue Subrata RoyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Coal India Shares Gain; HSBC Upgrades to  OverweightThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Will Flipkarts Big Billion sale fiasco impact the future of e-commerce in India
Is it time to exit stocksIs it time to exit stocks?
By Heather Long   @byHeatherLong October 11, 2014: 8:42 AM ET
 
The market suffers from whiplash
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Buy low, sell high -- that's a well-known stock market mantra.
It's great advice, except for one problem: it's incredibly hard to tell the peak or the nadir.
Billionaire Carl Icahn has made a lot of money off his investments. Even he says, "No one is smart enough to know when to buy at the bottom."
After the worst stock market drop of the year , plenty of people wonder if it's time to sell. The argument goes something like this: The S&P 500 is up nearly 200% since it bottomed out in early 2009. There hasn't been a correction since 2011, let alone a true "bear market" where things really drop. Surely it's time to exit...
But here's the truth: Most of us are better off doing nothing.
Yes, you read that right. Think about these points:
1) Put the recent market dip in perspective. The market is down, but only a tad off its all-time highs from September.
"This is not earth shattering," says Jurrien Timmer, director of Global Macro for Fidelity. "Volatility happens. A couple of percent is not a big deal. The market will correct by 10% almost any time. Over the course of history, it shows up as really nothing more than noise."
Related: Stocks should fall more. You shouldn't worry
2) Never sell in a panic. Selling when you're anxious often means you sell at the low point and end up buying back in at a higher one -- the exact opposite of what you hope to do.
"The worst time to decide to get out of the stock market is when it's falling or right after a big drop," says Kate Warne, an investment strategist at Edward Jones. "If you look at the days with the best market performance, a lot of them follow days with the worst market performance."
Even if you do manage to get out a the right time, it can still hurt you in the end.
"If you decide to get out, you have to make two decisions correctly: both when to get out and when to get back in," Warne says.
Think of it like rolling two dice and having to guess BOTH numbers correctly.
3) Let history be your guide: Many of the biggest stock market upswings happen within days of a downturn. You could be off celebrating that you exited the market perfectly only to look like a fool for not catching the surge.
Consider this: Fidelity looked at the returns of the S&P 500 from 1980 through June 30, 2014. They found that an investor who missed only the best five days in the market would end up with a portfolio worth about 35% less than the one that had been fully invested the whole time.
I ran a similar analysis just for 2014 for the S&P 500.
Your return if you stayed in the market and did nothing: +3%
Your return if you managed to miss the 10 biggest down days: +21%
Your return if you managed to miss the 10 biggest positive days: -9%
This is totally hypothetical. No one is that good or bad at market timing.
But it illustrates the key point: Everyone wants to be the superman or superwoman with the 21% return and miss all the worst days. But what you really want to avoid is being the person who missed out on the gains.
4) Get a long-term plan and stick to it. If you are worried about the stock market right now, the best use of your time is to make sure you have the right plan.
Do you have the right mix of stocks and bonds and other assets?
"The typical long-term investor who has most of his or her investments in a retirement account of some sort needs to a) have a plan and b) stick with the plan," says Timmer.
From time to time, investors should look at their portfolios and ask if they need to rebalance. Given the phenomenal rise of equities since March of 2009, it's possible that you need to trim your stock allocation a bit.
But be wary of throwing out the entire game plan. Stocks still give the best return by far over the long run.
As humans, we worry a lot about those down days. But we forget that the bigger risk is missing the upswings.
First Published: October 11, 2014: 8:42 AM ET
Most Popular

Stocks should fall more. Don t worryBy Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz October 10, 2014: 4:40 PM ET
 
The market suffers from whiplash
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
It looks like the streak of big gains for stocks following huge losses is over.
The broader market was down again Friday. The Dow suffered another triple-digit loss, dropping 115 points. The S&P 500 fell more than 1%.
And tech stocks really took it in the chin. The Nasdaq also dropped more than 100 points, a decline of more than 2%. Intel ( INTC , Tech30 ), Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ), Cisco ( CSCO , Tech30 ), Microsoft ( MSFT , Tech30 ) and many other stocks in CNNMoney's Tech 30 index fell sharply.
It's been a rough start to October. Volatility is back with a vengeance and white-knuckled investors are worried that the recent sell-off is going to get worse. CNNMoney's Fear & Greed Index hit 1 on Friday. It can't go lower than 0.
But do you know what? Stocks probably should fall further in the short-term.
Let's put things in perspective. The Dow is only 4% below its all-time high from September 19. The S&P 500 is about 5% below its record high -- also set that day.
If those records turn out to be a market top for the foreseeable future, people will point to Alibaba's ( BABA , Tech30 ) red hot initial public offering that day as Exhibit A for how "irrationally exuberant" (You can call me Al ... Greenspan) stocks had become.
Related: Strategists still expect small gains for stocks this year
Many experts believe that the market is long overdue for what's known as a correction. That's a 10% pullback from a recent peak. The last correction took place in 2011. The market did get within a whisker of a correction in the spring of 2012. The S&P 500 fell 9.94% between April 2 and June 1 of that year.
Why should stocks go even lower though? Beyond the fact that the market eventually needs to obey the law of gravity, there are legitimate concerns facing investors right now. Here are five that shouldn't come as any surprise.
1. Earnings for the third quarter are expected to be good, but not great. Ditto for fourth quarter guidance.
2. The Federal Reserve will almost certainly announce later this month that it is finally ending its policy of "quantitative easing" -- purchasing billions of dollars in Treasury bonds and mortgage-backed securities.
What is your best investment? Share your story with CNN
QE has helped keep long-term rates low. It has been the financial equivalent of human growth hormones, steroids and other performance-enhancing drugs. So it's understandable for investors to be concerned about how the market will do after being "juiced" by the Fed for nearly six years.
3. The Fed is also expected to begin raising interest rates sometime in 2015. It hasn't hiked rates since December 2008. A whole generation of new traders and investors have no idea what it's like to invest while the Fed is tightening. That could be a problem.
Related: Are stocks a trick or treat?
4. Europe is an economic mess. China is showing signs of a slowdown. That will hurt corporate profits for big U.S. firms and could also spill over to the broader economy. We all should have learned by now that decoupling is a myth. The U.S. can't outgrow the rest of the world indefinitely when two of its major trading partners are struggling.
5. The world is a scary place right now. Ebola, ISIS and the Russia-Ukraine situation are all things that were not on many people's radar at the start of 2014. But they are constantly in the headlines now. So all three of them could classify as a "Black Swan" -- an event that came out of nowhere to disrupt the markets.
Take a deep breath and relax. Now all of this may sound unsettling. But it doesn't mean that stocks are likely to crash. Even if a correction happens soon, that does not mean that it has to be the beginning of a bear market.
I've already mentioned that the market's last correction was in 2011 and that stocks flirted with one in 2012. There was also a correction in 2010. But what happened after all those pullbacks? Stocks eventually bounced back and hit new highs.
 
Boo! October is often scary for stocks
This is not to suggest that you should just shrug off the recent concerns plaguing the market. Quite the contrary.
It's actually a good sign that investors are no longer complacent and ignoring bad news. People should be worried and stocks should be pulling back.
But this dip should help restore some normalcy to the market. Stocks will trade at more reasonable prices as investors adjust their expectations for earnings and economic growth.
None of that is bad. It's healthy. I'd be a lot more worried if the Dow and S&P 500 were still at all-time highs. The market has finally woken up and smelled the proverbial coffee. It's about time.
First Published: October 10, 2014: 11:54 AM ET
Most Popular

Amazon and Future Group sign deal to sell goods onlineAmazon, Future Group ink deal to sell goods online
Agencies  Mumbai, October 13, 2014
First Published: 10:20 IST(13/10/2014) | Last Updated: 15:57 IST(13/10/2014)
Comments
India's largest retailer Future Group has entered into a strategic parnership with the world's largest online store Amazon to jointly sell goods online.
According to the deal, Kishore Biyani's Future group's portfolio of over 40 brands will be retailed exclusively through Amazon.in platform, with the initial focus on the Future Group fashion brands.
The company is known for having a significant prominence in Indian retail and fashion sectors with lifestyle stores like Brand Factory and Central and popular supermarket chains like Big Bazaar and Food Bazaar.
An employee packs orders in the Fulfilment Centre for online retail giant Amazon in Peterborough, central England.(AFP photo)
 
This comes just after Biyani complained of e-commerce companies, particularly Flipkart, of under-cutting the market and selling products at even below the cost price.
 
"The alliance will leverage strong product knowledge, extensive brand portfolio and sourcing base of Future Group, and the e-commerce platform, customer base and reach of Amazon.in.The partnership will initially focus on Future Group's fashion brands and will subsequently cover all other categories," Future Group said in a statement.
 
Future Group's current portfolio of over 40 brands will be retailed exclusively online through Amazon.in platform.
 
"The bottomline in each of our retail success stories is "know your customer". Insights into the soul of Indian consumers - how they operate, think, dream and live - helps us innovate and create functionally differentiating products and experiences.
 
"Partnership with Amazon, which obsesses to be earth's most customer-centric company, will enable us to leverage their strengths, investments and innovations in technology to reach out to wider set of consumers across India," it said.
 
Commenting on the tie-up, Biyani said: "Partnership with Amazon, which obsesses to be earth's most customer-centric company, will enable us to leverage their strengths, investments and innovations in technology to reach out to wider set of consumers across India."  
"We are excited to collaborate, leverage each other's unique strengths and serve customers across India. The product portfolio of Future Group, their innate understanding of the Indian consumer mindset and our ability to serve and deliver a convenient, easy, trusted and reliable delivery experience to a nationwide set of customers is a win-win for all," said Amit Agarwal, vice president and Country Manager, Amazon India.
 
Amazon.in will also partner Future Group brands in promoting the existing and new brands in markets, explore co-branding opportunities and accelerate new product development in categories which are currently not served by retailers, the company said.
 
The two firms will also explore synergies in areas such as distribution network, customer acquisition and cross-promotions.
Immediately after the news broke Monday, the shares for Future Retail Ltd jumped 6.4% while that of Future Lifestyle Fashions Ltd gained 5%.

Domestic car sales decline 1% in SeptemberDomestic car sales decline 1% in September
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 13, 2014 11:40 AM IST
Domestic passenger car sales declined 1.03% to 1,54,882 units in September on an annual basis, suggesting consumers are holding out on making big purchases just ahead of the festive season. 
Sequentially, car sales were almost flat from the 1,53,758 units shipped in the pevious month, according to data released by the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM). Passenger cars had shown strong annual growth in August, when sales grew 15%, albeit on a lower base. 
Motorcycle sales in September climbed 19.34% to 10,56,509 units from 8,85,309 units a year earlier.
The total two-wheeler sales in September rose 23.81% to 15,67,351 units.
Sales of commercial vehicles rose 8.59% to 56,140 units in September, SIAM said.
The two categories were strong contributors to total vehicle sales, which showed an impressive 20.44% increase to 19,04,007 units from 15,80,933 units in September 2013.

Xiaomi ropes in ex-Google executive for Indi...Bangalore
(The company is preparing…)
NEW DELHI: Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi has appointed Jai Mani , a former Google executive, as lead product manager of India operations.
In a Facebook post, the company's vice president of international operations, Hugo Barra said that Mani has relocated from San Francisco to Bangalore. "One of the coolest things I could have wished for happened this past week, perfectly timed to my first "Asiaversary"," Barra said in his post.
Mani has already co-hosted an Mi fan meet-up with Rohit Ghalsasi , who is assistant product operations manager at Xiaomi India , in Bangalore , Barra's post said.
At Google, Mani had helped Barra with demos at the Google I/O 2013 conference and was seen during Nexus smartphone launches. He served Google for almost 2.5 years as Google Play Strategy and Analytics associate. In his last role, as per his LinkedIn profile, Mani was a product manager and co-founder of a start-up.
Presently, Manu Kumar Jain looks after Xiaomi's India operations.
The company is preparing to launch the Redmi Note smartphone, besides making enough Redmi 1 S smartphone available in the Indian market. On Redmi Note, Barra recently said that company would have devices ready to sell in the next two months.
Xiaomi is also preparing to launch its flagship 4G smartphone, Mi 4, around December end in the country. The device is presently being tested on Indian 4G networks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FII  hot money  maybe moving out  but  smart money  is cashing in on every dip: Analyst(Touching upon the domestic…)
By Aviral Gupta
The Nifty , after touching an all-time high of 8180.20 on the 8th September '14, closed at 7859.95 on the 10th October '14 -- a mere 3.92 percent retracement. On the way down we witnessed immense volatility and some sort of undue panic set in the market, probably because of the stocks reacting more than the index.
There are a couple of reasons for this retracement -- the global macro-economic situation and also to some extent the domestic reason being that the newly-elected government led by Narendra Modi failing to meet the expectations to usher in big-bang reforms with a few investors.
Touching upon the domestic reason first, the Modi government is very firmly and assertively treading on the path of reforms without making much news. As highlighted before, one, the froth has been so immense in the system that it will take at least a year to completely purge it and make the systems ready for the next step of reforms. Second, any macro-economic policy statement shows it effect on the ground reality with a lag of 12-18 months. Had the Modi government not been proactive in its short tenure till date, we would not have had an upgrade of India's credit outlook from negative to stable by S&P in the last week of September.
It would be prudent to arrive at the conclusion that the investment - capex cycle will not pick up till interest rates are cut by the RBI, as highlighted by persistently deteriorating IIP and other macro data. In this regard, it will not be wrong to assert that inflation in India is a systemic problem as highlighted by the divergence in the food inflation reading between WPI and CPI. Hence, at some point of time, RBI will have to realise that it does not have tools for controlling inflation and instead it would be better to cut interest rates and leave the supply chain management issues, which are the main cause of food inflation, to the government to solve.
On the global front, IMF has trimmed the global growth forecast for CY14 and CY15. What is to be noted is that although it has trimmed the forecast for all the developed economies and maintained a status-quo for China, it has increased the growth forecast for India.
As far as Eurozone is concerned, the troubles are not only limited to the periphery countries, but have also taken the engine of Eurozone - Germany - in the tide. Much of the Germany's woes are due to sanctions on Russia, its biggest trading partner. Come winter, when the demand for gas for heating would substantially increase which is mainly exported from Russia by the Eurozone economies, it would actually not be surprising to see some mellow down on voices and sanctions on Russia by the Eurozone countries. Also, ECB has realized that more aggressive steps in terms of stimulus will have to be taken to stop the contagion to spread further. So, we should expect further stimulus announcements from ECB early next year.
Agreed that the US Fed bond buying program will end this month, but given the commentary from the Fed officials emphasising upon the fragility of global growth and low inflation, Fed Fund Rate Futures have actually pushed back in the recent past and now indicate Fed Fund rate rising to 0.25 per cent in the third quarter of 2015, and 0.50 per cent in the fourth quarter. This too can be further pushed back in case the US gets deeply involved in a conflict with ISIS in the Middle-East.
A global slowdown and dollar appreciation are having a deep impact on the prices of commodities. Brent was at 27-month low last week whereas commodities like iron ore and coal are at five-year low. The crash in commodities will not only have a positive impact on the margins of domestic manufacturing, but also would release pressure on government finances considering the fact that last year the crude oil import bill of India was at $459.94 billion.
As is visible in the data, the FII 'Hot Money' may be moving out, but the 'Smart Money' is utilising every dip to increase its position in Indian equities. Hence the advice to the investors would be to prudently utilise the dips as a buying opportunity in Indian equities for above average gains in the next 5-10 years.
(The author is Investment Strategist at Mynte Advisors)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Smart recovery on D-Street; Nifty zips past 7880; top 20 stock betsAshwani Gujral
(Infosys was the top gainer…)
NEW DELHI: The Indian markets made a smart recovery in noon trade after plunging more than 200 points in early deals.
At 1:54 pm, the Sensex was at 26,368.50; up 71.12 points.
The Nifty was at 7,878.90; up 18.95 points.
Recovery was seen on the back of buying witnessed by the IT heavyweight stocks like Infosys and TCS.
Infosys was the top gainer among the Sensex stocks it gained 2.1 per cent and was trading at Rs 3,971. It also touched its fresh 52-week high of Rs 3,973.75 in trades today. TCS was also among the gainers it gained 1.3 per cent and was at Rs 2,712.
On the other hand, Mahindra & Mahindra, Cupla, Dr Reddy's Labs and Bharti Airtel ware the top losers on the Sensex.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Axis Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 396 and a stop loss of Rs 375
Voltas Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 236 and a stop loss of Rs 220
Canara Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 382 and a stop loss of Rs 365
Reliance Industries Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 935 and a stop loss of Rs 958
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2925 and a stop loss of Rs 2842
M&M Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1245 and a stop loss of Rs 1315
ACC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1340 and a stop loss of Rs 1397
CESC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 680 and a stop loss of Rs 730
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
UltraTech Cements Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2350 and a stop loss of Rs 2487
Colgate Palmolive India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1764 and a stop loss of Rs 1680
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2960 and a stop loss of Rs 2841
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Delta Corp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 97 and a stop loss of Rs 92
JSW Energy Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 77 and a stop loss of Rs 72
Lupin Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1375 and a stop loss of Rs 1328
Manish Hathiramani, Proprietary Trader & Technical Trader, Deen Dayal Investment
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 4040 and a stop loss of Rs 3860
ICICI Bank Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1380 and a stop loss of Rs 1500
Wockhardt Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 900 and a stop loss of Rs 740
Kunal Saraogi, CEO, www.equityrush.com
Motherson Sumi Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 382 and a stop loss of Rs 361
IOC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 390 and a stop loss of Rs 366
IDFC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 133 and a stop loss of Rs 140
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cyclone Hudhud weakens in Andhra  Odisha; govts step up rescue  rehabilitation effortsAs Cyclone Hudhud weakened moving north-westward, the governments of Andhra Pradesh and Odisha on Monday focused on bringing life back to normal in the affected districts following damage to infrastructure and shortage of essential commodities.
 
An alert for heavy to very heavy rainfall has been sounded in districts of Visakhapatnam, Srikakulam and Vizianagaram and in some parts of Odisha, where the cyclone claimed eight lives so far before heading to Chhattisgarh.
 
Over 2.48 lakh people in 320 villages of 44 mandals (blocks) have been affected by the cyclone in Andhra Pradesh.
 
As many as 1,35,262 persons have been evacuated and accommodated in 223 relief camps.
 
According to the state's revenue (disaster management) department, five persons were killed in incidents of wall and roof collapses and uprooting of trees in the region.
 
The dead included one-year-old P Naga Manoj.
 
It was a picture of destruction in Visakhapatnam, which bore the brunt of the cyclone fury, with hundreds of fallen trees, poles and other rubble blocking roads as winds of almost 200 kmph tore away roofs and hoardings in the city, where the cyclone made landfall on Sunday.
 
"There is no power, no water or milk, no electricity. We are not getting petrol. We cannot move on the roads. It is difficult to survive a single day here," said a harried resident.
 
The cyclone snapped water and power supply and communication links have collapsed in the affected areas.
 
Most of the petrol pumps were closed due to the damage caused by the cyclone and those which had opened on Monday, saw people queuing up in large numbers.
 
The airport and railway lines in the city were badly damaged in the heavy downpour and gusty winds.
 
The state government has started the tedious exercise of assessing damage and losses with chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu directing Hyderabad-headquartered National Remote Sensing Centre to use geo-tagging to put the data on damage on the map.
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will visit Visakhapatnam on Tuesday to take stock of the situation while Naidu's cabinet is expected to be in the city as the government focuses on bringing life back to normal in the affected districts.
 
"Will visit Visakhapatnam tomorrow and take stock of the situation," he tweeted.
 
Modi said he has spoken to Naidu and has been constantly taking updates.
 
According to Met department, Hudhud lay centred very close to south Chhattisgarh and adjoining southwest Odisha. It would move north-northwestwards and weaken gradually.
  
Tidal waves hit the Vizag beach as Cyclone Hudhud reaches Visakhapatnam. (PTI Photo)
Tidal waves hit Vizag beach as cyclone Hudhud reaches the port city of Visakhapatnam. (PTI Photo)
Fishermen negotiate their skiff through rough waves ahead of Cyclone Hudhud on Saturday. (AFP Photo)
People look at a sea tide at Vizag on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
A man carries his wife to safety after a wave hits a beach in Gopalpur in Ganjam district, Odisha. (Reuters)
A view of Visakhapatnam city due to Cyclone hudhud on Sunday. (Arun Sharma/HT Photo)
Huge waves hit the beach in Visakhapatnam on Sunday. (AFP Photo)
People move during rain in Berhampur near Gopalpur sea beach as cyclone Hudhud looms. (PTI photo)
NDRF jawans depart from their Mundali headquarters to the districts that could be hit by Cyclone Hudhud in Bhubaneswar on Friday. (PTI Photo)
Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force (ODRAF) personnel who are to be deployed ahead of a new upcoming Cyclone Hudhud in Ganjam district, in Bhubaneswar. (Arabinda Mahapatra/HT photo)
Large waves buffet the coastline as Cyclone Hudhud makes landfall in Visakhapatnam. (AFP photo)
Residents of seaside village Satabhaya are rescued after their boat sank in Bausagali river in Odisha's Kendrapada district on Saturday. (Arabinda Mahapatra/ HT Photo)
Read: Worst of Hudhud over, rain the worry
No serious damage in Odisha
As Hudhud made its exit into the mainland over south Chhattisgarh and adjoining southwest Odisha and weakened into deep depression, the state government on Monday braced for relief and rehabilitation in the affected southern districts.
 
Odisha special relief commissioner PK Mohapatra said no serious damage has been reported except for a few trees and electric poles getting uprooted in one or two districts.
 
“Our advance teams cleared the roads within an hour. We evacuated more than 2.33 lakh people and by God’s grace, there is no increase in casualty,” Mohapatra said.
 
On Sunday, three people died in the state. The deceased were identified as six-year-old Puja Mallick and 11-year-old Hemant Mallick of Magarkanda village in Kendrapara district and 42-year-old fisherman Sudulu Goraya of Penthakata in Puri district, Mohapatra said.
 
Mohapatra said the government had been keeping a watch on flood-like situation and the situation was completely under control.
 
Rains accompanied by gusty wind continued in several parts of south Odisha including Malkangiri district and officials said the wind speed would gradually decrease.
 
As the cyclonic storm moved away from the state and proceeded north-westwards continuing to lose steam gradually, the met office forecast rainfall at many places over Odisha and heavy to very heavy rainfall at one or two places of interior districts in the next 24 hours.
 
“It would move north-northwestwards, weaken into a depression during the next six hours and into a well-marked low pressure area during subsequent six hours,” an IMD spokesperson said.
 
Special relief commissioner Mohapatra said the state government had to make special efforts to get the tribal people, mostly from the Bonda and Didia communities in Malkangiri, to leave their dwellings and move to safety.
 
As most of the southern region received heavy to medium rainfall, the state government had made preparations for any possible floods in rivers like Bansadhara and Rusikulya.
 
However, the water level in the two rivers was below danger levels, officials said.
Watch: Hudhud slows down, heavy rainfall to follow: MeT
At least 16 teams of National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) and 10 Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force (ODRAF) were engaged in rescue operations and 17 satellite phones given by the central government were used for uninterrupted communication.
 
NDRF and ODRAF teams are now gearing up for post-cyclone operations in order to restore normalcy in the cyclone affected areas, officials said.
 
Steps have been initiated to restore power supply in some areas in south Odisha where electric poles and other systems had been affected, they said.
 
Armed with equipment and machinery, the teams would soon remove uprooted trees, they added.
 
Free kitchens have been set up in around 2,000 shelter homes where the evacuated people were accommodated in the ten districts of Gajapati, Ganjam, Koraput, Malkangiri, Puri, Rayagada, Nabarangpur, Kendrapara, Kalahandi and Khurda, a senior official said.
 
Those sheltered in these centres would be able to leave for their homes as soon as the rainfall and situation improves and wind speed falls, he said.
 
Road and train operations to Vishakhapatanam were suspended during the cyclonic movement on Sunday as a precautionary measure in view of the storm.
 
While the state government stopped plying of buses to Andhra Pradesh and many southern Odisha districts, the Indian Railways cancelled 58 trains and diverted 50 others.
 
While bus services were resuming to some places on Monday, the railways was also planning to run trains up to Palasa, officials said.
 
Chief minister Naveen Patnaik had spoken to Union home minister Rajnath Singh on Sunday and apprised him of the his government's preparedness.
 
Similarly, chief secretary GC Pati had interacted with Union cabinet secretary Ajit Seth thrice over the situation.?
 
Officials said the Odisha government would also extend further help to Andhra Pradesh soon.
 

The Rekha controversy on Bigg Boss 8Bigg Boss 8 Rekha Ignored Puneet Issar On The Show
Recommend
Link
1 month 13 days ago, Lehren
Rekha recently was seen promoting her upcoming film Super nani on the nation's most popular controversial show bigg boss season 8. But with Rekha's presence on the show, something really shocking took place. Click to know more.
More on Lehren:

World stocks turn negative  China data fails to lift gloomThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Diamond Power Infra spurts on strong Q2 resultsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Indusind Bank hits new high as Q2 profit beats forecastThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Indosolar allots 2.29cr equity shares on preferential basisThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Colgate-Palmolive (India) to hold board meetingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Risk Aversion Follows Fed CommentsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hudhud: Odisha govt ready for post-cyclone opsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Anna Infrastructures to hold board meetingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Previous Poll | Is PM Modis Swachh Bharat campaign more hype than substance
Future Group s Kishore Biyani slams massive Flipkart discounts  joins forces with AmazonThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Nifty scales past 7 900 as D-Street sees smart recovery; top 20 betsBankex
(Infosys was the top gainer…)
NEW DELHI: Sensex showcased smart recovery in the late noon deals and rallied over 330 points from the intraday low level on the back of continued buying visible visible in the index heavyweights like Infosys, HDFC, TCS, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank.
At 14:30 hours, the BSE S&P Sensex was up 26,380, up 83 points or 0.3 per cent. It touched high of 26,423 and low of 26,092.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty also rallied smartly. The Nifty was at 7,884, up 24 points or 0.3 per cent. It touched high of 7,896 and low of 7,796.
Infosys was the top gainer among the Sensex stocks. The stock advanced 2 per cent to Rs 3,968. The stock contributed 44 points to the rally in Sensex. Banking stocks like HDFC, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank also caught the limelight of investors and were trading higher by 1-1.5 per cent each.
On the sectoral front, the BSE IT index was the top gainer, up 1.4 per cent at 10,835. BSE Bankex was also up 1.1 per cent at 17,891.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Axis Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 396 and a stop loss of Rs 375
Voltas Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 236 and a stop loss of Rs 220
Canara Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 382 and a stop loss of Rs 365
Reliance Industries Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 935 and a stop loss of Rs 958
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2925 and a stop loss of Rs 2842
M&M Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1245 and a stop loss of Rs 1315
ACC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1340 and a stop loss of Rs 1397
CESC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 680 and a stop loss of Rs 730
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
UltraTech Cements Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2350 and a stop loss of Rs 2487
Colgate Palmolive India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1764 and a stop loss of Rs 1680
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2960 and a stop loss of Rs 2841
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Delta Corp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 97 and a stop loss of Rs 92
JSW Energy Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 77 and a stop loss of Rs 72
Lupin Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1375 and a stop loss of Rs 1328
Manish Hathiramani, Proprietary Trader & Technical Trader, Deen Dayal Investment
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 4040 and a stop loss of Rs 3860
ICICI Bank Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1380 and a stop loss of Rs 1500
Wockhardt Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 900 and a stop loss of Rs 740
Kunal Saraogi, CEO, www.equityrush.com
Motherson Sumi Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 382 and a stop loss of Rs 361
IOC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 390 and a stop loss of Rs 366
IDFC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 133 and a stop loss of Rs 140
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ambani siblings Isha & Akash inducted in board of Reliance Jio & Reliance RetailThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

HPCL shut Vizag refinery for cyclone Hudhud - execThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Exciting times for the Indian economy  marketsHi Guest
Exciting times for the Indian economy, markets
We see several medium-term positives for the bull market to continue, says R Venkataraman. The times are exciting for India as we get set for Diwali. The spotlight is on the Indian economy, which has just shown signs of an awakening elephant ready for a long march.   Both internal and external factors are acting like the magic potion that can break the elephant's long sleep and make it dance. The World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) have raised their growth targets for ...

Modi lashes out at NCP over corruption in MaharashtraThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Gold edges higher in futures trade on global cuesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Shashi Tharoor removed as Congress spokespersonThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Metal stocks shine after better-than-expected Chinese trade dataThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Shashi Tharoor sacked as Congress spokespersonShashi Tharoor sacked as Congress spokesperson over praise for Narendra Modi
IANS | New Delhi Oct 13, 2014 02:44 PM IST
Lok Sabha MP Shashi Tharoor was Monday sacked from the post of Congress spokesperson, a statement from the party said here.
"Congress President Sonia Gandhi has accepted recommendation of AICC (All India Congress Committee) disciplinary committee to remove Shashi Tharoor from the list of spokespersons of the AICC with immediate effect," it said.
Tharoor, a Lok Sabha member from Thiruvananthapuram constituency, was a union minister in the erstwhile Congress-led United Progressive Alliance government.

Asian stocks sink after Wall Street plungeUpdated: October 10, 2014 11:00 IST
Asian stocks sink after Wall Street plunge
AP
Tweet
AP This October 8, 2014 photo shows a Wall Street address carved into the side of a building in New York. Volatility returned to U.S. markets as stocks had their worst day of the year just 24 hours after recording their best.
TOPICS
Asian stocks sank on Friday after Wall Street suffered its worst day of the year and weak German trade data fuelled worry Europe is sliding into recession.
Keeping score
Tokyo’s Nikkei 225 index plunged 1.3 per cent to 15,286.25 points and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng lost 1.6 per cent to 23,144.81. China’s Shanghai Composite Index shed 0.6 per cent to 2,375.28. Seoul fell 1.3 per cent and Sydney and Singapore also declined.
Wall Street
Volatility returned to U.S. markets as stocks had their worst day of the year just 24 hours after recording their best. Prices fell after members of the Federal Reserve board expressed concern about inflation, tempering suggestions in minutes of a recent Fed meeting released on Wednesday that suggested interest rates would not be raised for now. The Dow Jones industrial average and Nasdaq composite both lost 2 per cent and the broader Standard & Poor’s 500 fell 2.1 per cent.
Europe
Concerns Europe is headed for recession rose after Germany, the continent’s biggest economy, reported its weakest year-on-year export growth in five years. The president of the European Central Bank, Mario Draghi, gave no indication of any further monetary stimulus, suggesting in a speech in Washington that governments need to do more on the fiscal side.
Analyst’s take
“Markets are markets are rather unimpressed with the state of global growth (EZ in the most unflattering state) and equally unimpressed with potential policy response,” said Mizuho Bank in a report.
Energy
Benchmark U.S. crude plunged $2to $83.77 per barrel on concerns slowing global economic growth will reduce demand while production stays high. The contract lost $1.56 on Thursday to $85.77. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost $2.08 to $88.29.
Currency

Train to Jaffna: resuming a journey after 25 yearsrailway
As an engineer testing the newly-laid tracks in northern Sri Lanka, Ravindra Yadav is extra careful.
“People tend to cross the tracks any time,” he says, driving a posh-looking yellow-coloured engine over tracks shimmering in the sun. Honking several times along the way, he adds: “You can’t blame the people. They are not used to a train coming this way.” It may not be easy for someone to anticipate a train if he has not seen one in this part of the country in the last 25 years, says Mr. Yadav, one of the 400 people from India that IRCON brought to Sri Lanka to work on restoring Sri Lanka’s Northern Rail line.
Flagging off Yal Devi
On Monday, President Mahinda Rajapaksa will flag off the iconic Yal Devi Express’s journey up to Jaffna, extending its run further into the island’s former war zone, from Pallai to Jaffna.
Indian Railways subsidiary IRCON has restored the section from Omanthai to Pallai in the Northern Province, which was damaged during the three decade-long civil war. The project, being executed with a $800 million line of credit from the Indian government, covers two key rail routes in the Tamil-majority Northern Province.
While the Jaffna line will go all the way up to Kankesanthurai, the northern most tip of the island with a naval base and a port that India is helping rebuild, work on the line from Medawachchiya — in the historic city of Anuradhapura — to Talaimannar is also nearly complete and is likely to be opened in December, according to V.K. Jayasankar, IRCON’s Assistant General Manager.
Among those delighted hearing about trains running to Jaffna once again is 103 year old Louisa Arulamma Thambyrajah. Her memory of her days in Jaffna is hazy but one thing she remembers well is hearing the train horn in her town.
“People in our village would say Kari Coachi varudu, mani onnu! (steam coach has arrived, it’s one o’ clock!) and we would plan our day based on that,” she says, recalling the 1920s when a distant train whistle was a common marker of time.
A ‘useful train’
The Yal Devi was a “useful train” that stopped at many stations along the way, she says. Running right through the country, virtually the spine of its railway network, the train was as a crucial link that brought together people from different parts of the country and ethnic backgrounds on a shared journey.
The first train to Jaffna is said to have arrived in 1905 but the Yal Devi was introduced much later in 1956, running full for many years till the brutal war halted its journey in 1990.
In its heyday, the Yal Devi was a favoured option for many frequent passengers, especially those from Jaffna working in Colombo who went home for the weekend. Ms. Thambyrajah recalls: “They would take the train from Colombo Friday night, and then the train back from Jaffna Sunday night,” often packing for the journey a quintessentially Jaffna meal of puttu, egg poriyal and drumstick leaves curry.
Ms. Thambyrajah was never too far from a railway station, be it in Jaffna where she spent her childhood or in the Vanni where she moved with her family to start a boys’ home with her husband in 1959.
“Our place was close to the Paranthan station then,” she said, referring to the town in Kilinochchi that was her home for five decades, before her family was displaced multiple times during the final phase of the war.
“Those days were very hard,” she says, recalling the difficulty her family faced moving from one place to another before finally making it to Colombo safely in 2009.
“It is a good thing the train will run once again,” she says, enquiring: “The newspapers say October 13, isn’t it?”
Post-war restoration
Post war, work on restoring the rail link progressed gradually taking train first up to Omanthai, then further north to Kilinochchi, and then to Pallai, 40 km from Jaffna.
Many people will take the train now, Ms. Thambyrajah assures, going by the patronage trains on that stretch once enjoyed.
Of the several thousand passengers who have boarded a train in Colombo to reach Jaffna was Mahatma Gandhi, who was in Ceylon in 1927 to raise money for India’s poor. According to a report published in The Hindu dated December 2, 1927, Gandhi — accompanied by C. Rajagopalachari — addressed students in various educational institutions in Jaffna.
Gandhi was there on an invitation from the Jaffna Youth Congress, says senior historian Silan Kadirgamar. “It was a radical era in Jaffna and Gandhi’s visit drew huge crowds.”
On completion of his tour, Gandhi took the train to Talaimannar and is said to have reached India by a ferry service, something that the Indian government has been speaking of reviving after completing the line to Talaimannar.

Coalgate: Court summons ex-coal Secy  othersCBI
(Special CBI Judge took cognisance of…)
NEW DELHI: Former Coal Secretary H C Gupta and five others were today summoned as accused in a coal blocks allocation case by a special court which refused to accept CBI's closure report, observing that probe carried out by it was "sketchy" and its conclusion "apparently wrong".
The agency was seeking closure of a case involving Madhya Pradesh-based Kamal Sponge Steel and Power Limited (KSSPL), its officials and some unknown officials of the Ministry of Coal in a coalscam case.
CBI's report appeared to be more of a "defence" given by accused persons and there was "hardly any understanding" of the facts while seeking closure of the case, the court said.
"At the outset, I may however state that the investigation as has been carried out in the present matter is not only sketchy in nature but seems to have been carried out while first deciding the end result and thereafter to carry out the investigation and prepare the final report accordingly. Infact no investigation worth the name has been carried out in the present matter," Special CBI Judge Bharat Parashar said in his 31-page order.
Besides Gupta, the court also summoned Coal Ministry's then Joint Secretary K S Kropha, then Director (Coal Allocation-I section) K C Samaria, Managing Director of KSSPL Pawan Kumar Ahluwalia, Chartered Accountant Amit Goyal and the firm as accused for October 31.
All the accused were summoned for the offences punishable under sections 120-B (criminal conspiracy), 409 (criminal breach of trust by public servant) and 420 (cheating) under the IPC. The court also summoned Gupta for offences under the Prevention of Corruption Act.
The order came on CBI's closure report in the case in which KSSPL, its directors, Pawan, Kamaljeet Ahluwalia, Prashant Ahluwalia, Goyal and some unknown public servants were named as accused in the FIR for allegedly misrepresenting facts,including inflated net worth, to acquire Thesgora- B/Rudrapuri coal block in Madhya Pradesh.
FEATURED ARTICLES

TVC: Pressure is goodPepsiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SC to hear Jayalalithaa s bail plea in DA case on October 17SC to hear Jayalalithaa's bail plea in DA case on October 17
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 13, 2014 01:30 PM IST
The Supreme Court today agreed to hear on Friday bail plea of AIADMK chief J Jayalalithaa, undergoing jail term of four years for amassing disproportionate assets.
A bench headed by Chief Justice H L Dattu posted the case for hearing on October 17 after senior advocate Fali S Nariman pleaded to the court to 'accommodate' the case in this week itself.
October 17 will be the last chance for Jayalalithaa to come out of jail before Diwali as the apex court will go on vacation for a week after Friday.
Jayalalithaa, who was denied bail by Karnataka High Court following her conviction and four year sentence in a graft case, had moved the Supreme Court for bail on October 9.
The AIADMK chief, who has been behind bars since September 27, has challenged the High Court order which had refused her bail.
Jayalalithaa has pleaded that she has been sentenced to only four years jail in the case and she is also suffering from various ailments as grounds for her immediate relief.
The former Chief Minister also cited grounds of being senior citizen and woman for getting out of jail.
The 66-year-old politician was denied bail by the High Court on October 7 despite the Special Public Prosecutor not objecting to grant of conditional bail to her.
The High Court had also rejected the bail pleas by Jayalalithaa's close aide Sasikala and her relatives V N Sudhakaran, disowned foster-son of the former Chief Minister, and Ilavarasi, who have also been sent to four years in jail in the 18-year-old case.
The Special Court had held Jayalalithaa and three others guilty of corruption. The court had also slapped a fine of Rs 100 crore on the AIADMK chief and Rs 10 crore fine on each of the three other convicts.

Maids  Labourers  Guards: India s main job hopesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Harika best woman in Poker Masters ChessIsle of Man, October 13, 2014
Updated: October 13, 2014 14:32 IST
Harika best woman in Poker Masters Chess
PTI
The Hindu Dronavalli Harika. File photo
TOPICS
chess
Grandmaster and former world junior champion D Harika was adjudged the best woman player after she settled for a draw with Alon Mindlin of Israel in the ninth and final round of Poker Masters Isle of Man Chess tournament that concluded in Isle of Man, United Kingdom.
Harika knew that a draw would be enough for the first place and did not exert much in the last game of the tournament. The Indian finished with 5.5 points -- enough to clinch the top prize in the women’s category (2000 pounds).
Grandmaster Nigel Short of England won the tournament with an impressive victory over overnight joint leader and compatriot David Howell in the final round.
Short came up with an excellent King side attack leaving Howell’s kingside in tatters. The victory was worth 6000 Pounds for Short.
Indian Grandmaster Abhijeet Gupta could not reverse his fortunes and had to split the point with Jorden Van Foreest of Holland. Gupta ended up in 12th place on 5.5 points.
Harika took the honours in Women’s section by going for the sharp Ragozine defence as black against Israel’s Alon Mindlin. Mindlin thought he had some chances after he stopped Harika from castling but soon after trading of the queens, it was clear that black’s position was impregnable.
When more exchanges became imminent the players decided to share the point. The game was over in a mere 22 moves.
The second prize in the women’s section was shared by Elisabeth Paehtz of Germany and ELina L’Ami of Romania who both finished with five points apiece.
In the open section, Short finished a full point ahead of nearest contenders ending on 7.5 points in all. There was a four way tie for the second spot and the prizes were equally shared by Sergei Tiviakov of Holland, Laurent Fressinet of France,
Gil Popilski of Israel and Howell scored an identical 6.5 points. Popilski held second seed Maxime Vachier-Lagrave of France to a draw while Tiviakov went for a quick draw with Fressinet in other top games of the final round.
Important results final round: Nigel Short (Eng, 7.5) beat David Howell (Eng, 6.5); Sergei Tiviakov (Ned, 6.5) drew with Laurent Fressinet (Fra, 6.5); Gil Popilski (Isr, 6.5) drew with Maxime Vachier—Lagrave (Fra, 6); Jonathan Hawkins (Eng, 6) drew with Gabriel Sargissian (Arm, 6); Michael Adams (Eng, 6) beat Keith Arkell (Eng, 6); Gawain Jones (Eng, 6) beat Danny Raznikov (Isr, 5); Abhijeet Gupta (Ind, 5.5) drew with Jorden Van Foreest (Ned, 5.5); Daniel Gormally (Eng, 5.5) drew with Daniel Fridman (Ger, 5.5); Bryan Smith (Usa, 5.5) drew with Alon Greenfeld (Isr, 5.5); Alon Mindlin (Isr, 5.5) drew with D Harika (Ind, 5.5).

Nifty ends @ 7884; Sensex gains 87 points; Jet  DLF take 4% hitBankex
(Infosys was the top gainer…)
NEW DELHI: Sensex showcased smart recovery in the late noon deals and rallied over 330 points from the intraday low level on the back of continued buying visible visible in the index heavyweights like Infosys, HDFC, TCS, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank.
At 14:30 hours, the BSE S&P Sensex was up 26,380, up 83 points or 0.3 per cent. It touched high of 26,423 and low of 26,092.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty also rallied smartly. The Nifty was at 7,884, up 24 points or 0.3 per cent. It touched high of 7,896 and low of 7,796.
Infosys was the top gainer among the Sensex stocks. The stock advanced 2 per cent to Rs 3,968. The stock contributed 44 points to the rally in Sensex. Banking stocks like HDFC, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank also caught the limelight of investors and were trading higher by 1-1.5 per cent each.
On the sectoral front, the BSE IT index was the top gainer, up 1.4 per cent at 10,835. BSE Bankex was also up 1.1 per cent at 17,891.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Axis Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 396 and a stop loss of Rs 375
Voltas Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 236 and a stop loss of Rs 220
Canara Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 382 and a stop loss of Rs 365
Reliance Industries Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 935 and a stop loss of Rs 958
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2925 and a stop loss of Rs 2842
M&M Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1245 and a stop loss of Rs 1315
ACC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1340 and a stop loss of Rs 1397
CESC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 680 and a stop loss of Rs 730
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
UltraTech Cements Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2350 and a stop loss of Rs 2487
Colgate Palmolive India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1764 and a stop loss of Rs 1680
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2960 and a stop loss of Rs 2841
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Delta Corp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 97 and a stop loss of Rs 92
JSW Energy Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 77 and a stop loss of Rs 72
Lupin Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1375 and a stop loss of Rs 1328
Manish Hathiramani, Proprietary Trader & Technical Trader, Deen Dayal Investment
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 4040 and a stop loss of Rs 3860
ICICI Bank Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1380 and a stop loss of Rs 1500
Wockhardt Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 900 and a stop loss of Rs 740
Kunal Saraogi, CEO, www.equityrush.com
Motherson Sumi Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 382 and a stop loss of Rs 361
IOC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 390 and a stop loss of Rs 366
IDFC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 133 and a stop loss of Rs 140
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Crude oil may not fall below $80 a barrel; Are OMCs a blind buyHi Guest
Crude oil may not fall below $80 a barrel; Are OMCs a blind buy?
The falling trend began in July 2014 and crude prices have declined by about 18-20 per cent so far. So, is crude oil in a free fall? NEW DELHI: The fall in crude oil, which accounts for nearly 80 per cent of imports bill, is seen by some analysts as a huge ...

Unidentified men opened fire at Delhi police killing one and injuring other in Vijay ViharThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Cyclone  hudhud  costs India No.1 spot in ICC rankingsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sensex up nearly 100 ptsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

October 13: Mecklai Financial ReportThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Stock market for beginnerThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Gold  silver soften on sluggish demand  global cuesNew Delhi, October 10, 2014
Updated: October 10, 2014 15:37 IST
Gold, silver soften on sluggish demand, global cues
PTI
The Hindu Gold prices declined by Rs. 30 to Rs. 27,370 per ten gram.
TOPICS
gold and precious material
Gold prices declined by Rs. 30 to Rs. 27,370 per ten gram in the national capital on Friday as demand from jewellers retailers dried up at prevailing levels to some extent amidst a weak global trend.
Silver also traded lower by Rs. 250 to Rs. 38,750 per kg on reduced off-take by industrial users and coin makers.
Analysts said besides slackened demand from jewellers and retailers at prevailing levels, weak global trend mainly led to the fall in precious metals prices.
Gold in Singapore, which normally set price trend on the domestic front, traded a shade lower at USD 1,222.98 an ounce from USD 1,224.33 on Thursday.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity fell by Rs. 30 each to Rs. 27,370 and Rs. 27,170 per ten gram respectively. Sovereign, however, remained steady at Rs. 24,200 per piece of eight gram in restricted buying from retailers.
In a similar fashion, silver ready dropped by Rs. 250 to Rs. 38,750 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs. 400 to Rs. 38,410 per kg.
On the other hand, silver coins continued to be enquired at last level of Rs. 68,000 for buying and Rs. 69,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Fair winds  but slow pick-up: RajanThe Hindu Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan
TOPICS
recession/slowdown
On a day when official data showed further weakening of the industrial sector, Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan said here on Friday that the Indian economy was expected to weaken further and a recovery was likely only beyond December.
He cautioned that despite the sharp surge in sentiment in the economy, captured by consumer and investor confidence surveys, including by the Reserve Bank, a pick-up in investments would take time.
“We have to accept that recoveries are not straight-line recoveries … there is volatility around the general trend … investment is yet to pick up on a strong basis, [though] we are seeing signs of the coming together of conditions for it [including a stable government that has signalled pro-investments initiatives] … there will be slight weakening compared with the first quarter in the second and third quarters, but beyond that we will hopefully see some strengthening of the economy,” he told The Hindu in an interview here.
Dr. Rajan is here to attend the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and World Bank Group annual meetings.
Slowing output
Official data released in New Delhi on Thursday showed factory output growth slowed further to 0.4 per cent in August, marginally lower than the 0.5 per cent in July.
Manufacturing growth shrunk further by (-)1.4 per cent compared to (-)1.1 per cent in July. Capital goods production slid sharply by (-)11.3 per cent against (-)3.8 per cent reflecting an absence of investment activities. Consumer goods production since April is down (-)4.9 per cent against (-)1.6 per cent, indicating household demand continues to weaken sharply.
“Even with all the sentiment in the world, it takes time for investment intentions to pick up and investors to put the assets on the ground. Consumer demand can quickly pick up but it is affected by new jobs,” Dr. Rajan said. In its Monetary Policy Report released on September 30, the Reserve Bank had said that consumer expectations were at the highest level since the financial crisis in 2008 and business expectations were at an 11-quarter high. The National Democratic Alliance government had announced a number of initiatives to improve the ease of doing business in India to back up Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s invitation to global manufacturers to “Make in India.”
It, however, said that its own expectations of conditions conducive to revival in investments, fiscal consolidation and sustained disinflation remained “broadly unchanged” from the pre-election level because of which it was not revising upwards its April projection for 2014-15 growth of 5.5 per cent.

ICC extends broadcast partnership with Star IndiaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Diwali: Cracker makers wary of influx of Chi...Fireworks manufacturers wary of influx of Chinese crackers
By PTI | 12 Oct, 2014, 11.20AM IST
With less than 10 days to go for Diwali, TN fireworks manufacturers are gearing up for festival with new varieties of crackers to compete against those made in China.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SIVAKASI: With less than 10 days to go for Diwali , Tamil Nadu fireworks manufacturers are gearing up for the festival with new varieties of crackers to compete against those made in Chinese as their influx was posing a threat to the Rs 3000-crore domestic industry.
Eight new varieties of crackers have been introduced for the festival which falls on October 22, and the cost ranges from Rs 2150 to Rs 11,350, manufacturers and retailers here said. Sivanadar, a local retailer, said 'panorama-500', which would burst for 500 seconds, would cost Rs 11,350. Bullet train is another variety, he said. "We have introduced more varieties this year to compete with the Chinese varieties," he said.
Tamil Nadu Fireworks Manufacturers Association General Secretary Sundar and K.Chitraijothi, an expert and advisor to manufacturers of Indian Crackers, claimed Chinese fireworks might be a cheaper, but are harmful to the environment.
"Our crackers are definitely far better in quality and safety. They can be burst anywhere but Chinese crackers can be burst only by experts in an open ground," they claimed.
Indian crackers use raw materials like newspapers, cardboards and jute while Chinese ones have chlorates or per-chlorates, they said. Abiruben, President, Tamil Nadu Fireworks and Amorces Manufacturers' Association (TANFAMA), said Chinese crackers could burst even due to small friction.
Association members said Chinese crackers were sold at a cheaper rate because the cost of potassium chlorate used as raw material was only Rs.50 per kg compared to the aluminium powder in Indian crackers, which is much less harmful but costs Rs 300 a kg. Sundar said North Indian traders expected the government to give clearance for import of Chinese crackers and had reduced orders from Sivakasi , the country's fireworks hub. "This had affected our sales to the tune of about Rs 1,000 crore."
But the Centre has asserted that the possession or sale of fireworks of foreign origin is "illegal and punishable" and has tightened its grip over illegal import of Chinese crackers which are reportedly flooding the market by issuing a public notification warning importers and public of legal consequences.
Association members said price of domestic crackers had been hiked by five per cent this year, though costs of raw materials like cardboard and sulphur had gone up by 15 per cent. This was taking into account the competition posed by the Chinese crackers, they said.
Chitraijothi said government should encourage only Indian varieties as the fireworks are handled mostly by children.
Explosives department officials said fireworks are smuggled into the country through the container route. Though the government had ordered seizure of containers, the customs department did not have adequate facility to seize containers having crackers. They had only one scanning equipment at Tuticorin, they said.
The department is keeping strict vigil as it wanted to promote local manufacturing of crackers which provided jobs to five lakh people in the Rs 3,000-crore industry, officials said.
There were about 800 fireworks factories in Virudhunagar district alone. Officials should ensure that traders do not display Chinese crackers or those of any other country except India. The Centre had started strictly imposing the Explosives Act against Chinese crackers, Chitraijoti said. The government imposed the ban on foreign crackers on a plea from various manufacturers.
However,there was information that foreign fireworks had been smuggled in, in 2000 containers. What was now needed was banning the display of Chinese crackers. This would be possible only if local officials stepped up efforts, Chitraijoti said. Sivanadar said people in urban areas demand only Indian crackers. Besides retailers did not want to take a risk by selling Chinese crackers.

Saudis: Get used to lower oil prices | How it will benefit IndiaSome OPEC members including Venezuela are clamoring for urgent production cuts to push global oil prices back up above $100 a barrel.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON/NEW YORK: Saudi Arabia is quietly telling oil market participants that Riyadh is comfortable with markedly lower oil prices for an extended period, a sharp shift in policy that may be aimed at slowing the expansion of rival producers including those in the US shale patch.
Some OPEC members including Venezuela are clamoring for urgent production cuts to push global oil prices back up above $100 a barrel. But Saudi officials have telegraphed a different message in private meetings with oil market investors and analysts recently: the kingdom, OPEC's largest producer, is ready to accept oil prices below $90 per barrel, and perhaps down to $80, for as long as a year or two, according to people who have been briefed on the recent conversations.
The discussions, some of which took place in New York over the past week, offer the clearest sign yet that the kingdom is setting aside its longstanding de facto strategy of holding prices at around $100 a barrel for Brent crude in favor of retaining market share in years to come.
The Saudis now appear to be betting that a period of lower prices - which could strain the finances of some members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries - will be necessary to pave the way for higher revenue in the medium term, by curbing new investment and further increases in supply from places like the US shale patch or ultra-deepwater, according to the sources, who declined to be identified due to the private nature of the discussions.
The conversations with Saudi officials did not offer any specific guidance on whether - or by how much - the kingdom might agree to cut output, a move many analysts are expecting in order to shore up a global market that is producing substantially more crude than it can consume. Saudi pumps around a third of OPEC's oil, or some 9.7 million barrels a day.
Asked about coming Saudi output curbs, one Saudi official responded "What cuts?", according to one of the sources.
Also uncertain is whether the Saudi briefings to oil market observers represent a new tack it is committed to, or a talking point meant to cajole other OPEC members to join Riyadh in eventually tightening the taps on supply.
One source not directly involved in the discussions said the kingdom does not necessarily want prices to slide further, but is unwilling to shoulder production cuts unilaterally and is prepared to tolerate lower prices until others in OPEC commit to action.
Page 1 of 3

Now  send money to your Facebook friends for...Facebook
(Kotak Mahindra Bank…)
BANGALORE: Mumbai headquartered Kotak Mahindra Bank has launched KayPay, a bank agnostic payment product for Facebook users to send money to each other.
Users won't have to depend on net banking or have to know the details of the payee, the company said. According to the bank, users can transfer funds by choosing recipients from their Facebook friends list.
KayPay is built on top of the mobile based Immediate Payment System launched by the National Payment Corporation of India. Users have to register their bank accounts once to start using the service.
KayPay uses Facebook user id & password and a One Time Password (OTP) to authenticate a transaction. Both sender and the receiver receive notification on SMS and Facebook.
Shanti Ekambaram, President - Consumer Banking, Kotak Mahindra Bank, said, "The convenience of not having to know payee details breaks down all barriers of a process, which otherwise requires a host of information that one may not necessarily have handy."
Indeed, the solution can enable thousands of sellers on Facebook to directly receive payments from their customers on Facebook.
In March, the bank had launched JiFi, a Twitter based product that lets users receive banking updates and rewards using the social network.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oscar Pistorius faces sentencing over girlfriend s death after divisive trialThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Auto component makers expect robust growth aheadAuto component makers expect robust growth ahead
Abhineet Kumar | Mumbai Oct 16, 2014 12:47 AM IST
The continuing rise in car sales for five months has given automobile component majors such as Motherson Sumi Systems reason to redraw their focus. The Noida-based company earns nearly 80 per cent of revenue from outside India, primarily Germany.
“Given the positive outlook for the Indian car market, we plan to focus on domestic sales,” says G N Gauba, chief financial officer, Motherson Sumi. The maker of wiring harnesses and mirrors for cars has all major original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) as clients. It is also a leading supplier of plastic components and modules to the automobile industry. Now, it plans to increase content per car in India.
The Indian automobile industry has witnessed weak demand for almost three years. After rising by about 30 per cent annually in 2009-10 to 2010-11, growth in auto component production slowed to 14 per cent in 2011-12 and three per cent in 2012-13. It worsened with a one per cent decline in 2013-14.
REASONS TO CHEER
After rising about 30% annually in 2009-10 to 2010-11, growth in auto component production slowed to 14% in 2011-12 and 3% in 2012-13
 
It further worsened with a 1% decline in 2013-14
 
Sales of 9 of India’s leading auto companies during September stood at 208,923 vehicles, 7% more than sales in the same month of 2013
 
At about $38 bn, India’s auto components industry is a mere 5% of the $800-bn global market
However, brokerage ICICI Securities says the industry's long-term growth story remains intact with production projected to grow 11-14 per cent annually between 2013-14 and 2018-19.
“We believe component players will be a beneficiary of a cyclical turnaround in auto sales,” said ICICI Securities analysts Nishant Vass and Venil Shah in a note issued on Wednesday. They saw pent-up demand and lower penetration as reasons for the revival. Besides, sentiments have improved after the elections and the direction of growth and inflation is favouring demand. Also, fuel prices have peaked after being deregulated.
Sales of nine of the country’s leading automobile companies during September stood at 208,923 vehicles, seven per cent more than sales in the same month of 2013. This follows 18 per cent growth in August. Slow growth in September was expected as demand is usually feeble during Pitra Paksha, a fortnight when Hindus abstain from acquiring assets.
“We have seen offtake from OEMs improving in the past couple of months and we expect this to gather momentum close to Diwali,” says Surinder Kapur, chairman of the Gurgaon-based Sona Koyo Steering Systems, India’s largest maker of steering systems for cars and utility vehicles.
At $38 billion, India’s auto components industry is a mere five per cent of the $800-billion global market.
Seeing India’s potential as an emerging manufacturing hub, global automobile companies Volvo, Volkswagen,General Motors, Bosch and Magna are investing here.
But while suppliers for car makers are upbeat, ancillary companies dependent on commercial vehicle makers are still waiting for a revival.
“We have not seen any recovery yet but expect it to pick up in the current quarter as economic growth revives,” says S G Joglekar, chief financial officer at Pune-based Bharat Forge.

Cyclone Hudhud weakens in Andhra  Odisha; govts step up rescue effortsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Congress cracks whip on Tharoor  sacks him from AICC spokesperson postAICC spokesperson post
(Sonia has accepted the recommendation…)
NEW DELHI: Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Monday removed Shashi Tharoor as AICC spokesperson after the party's disciplinary action committee recommended it. The Kerala PCC leadership had demanded "appropriate action" against the Lok Sabha MP for his "pro-Modi stands", including unilaterally accepting the PM's invitation to be a brand ambassador of Swachh Bharat campaign.
Tharoor, who described himself as "a loyal workers of the Congress party", accepted his party leader's decision and said he was treating the issue as closed, making it clear he had no plans to rebel. By acting against Tharoor, the Congress, apart from satisfying its Kerala unit, has also advertised it will have zero tolerance against partymen who unilaterally take decisions on sensitive matters involving the Modi government.
"Congress president Sonia Gandhi has accepted the recommendation of the AICC disciplinary committee to remove Shashi Tharoor from the list of spokespersons with immediate effect. The Kerala Pradesh Congress Committee had submitted a complaint in this regard to the disciplinary committee," Congress general secretary (Organisation) Janardan Dwivedi said in a press release. This is the second time Tharoor has faced rough weather in his 10-year stint in Congress. In 2009, he was forced to quit in the wake of the IPL scam.
Though Tharoor subtly lamented he was not given an opportunity to explain his conduct, sources said since the evidences of his statements and tweets that provoked the PCC were available for scrutiny, the committee felt no need to seek further clarification. Tharoor too accepted the leadership's prerogative. The spokesperson rejected the BJP claim and asserted that action against him has nothing to do with the probe into his wife's death.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Crude seen slipping to $80  and India will see big benefits: Are oil stocks now a blind betYou are here: Home > Collections > Opec
Crude oil may not fall below $80 a barrel; Are OMCs a blind buy?
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 13, 2014, 03.09PM IST
Tags:
Brent crude oil
(The falling trend began…)
NEW DELHI: The fall in crude oil, which accounts for nearly 80 per cent of imports bill, is seen by some analysts as a huge positive for India, which imports nearly about a billion barrels every year.
Crude prices fell sharply by over 4 per cent during the second week of October 2014, the steepest weekly fall since January, and touched about a two-year low. The prices fell for the third consecutive week and touched the lowest since June 2012.
Brent crude touched a low of $ 90/barrel while WTI crude breached $85/barrel during the second week of October 2014.
For a net commodity importer like India, lower commodity prices in general, and oil prices in particular, are tantamount to a positive terms of trade shock and help reduce inflation and narrow fiscal deficit. Some analysts even say that India is entering a goldilocks period of lower inflation and higher growth.
"It should result in lower inflation, improvement in fiscal and current account balances and higher growth. We estimate that every USD10/bbl fall in crude oil price will improve the fiscal balance by 0.1% of GDP," Sonal Varma and Aman Mohunta of Nomura said in a report.
"Overall, lower commodity prices further support our view that India is entering a goldilocks period of lower inflation and higher growth," they said, adding that "in our baseline assumption, we expect real GDP growth to rise to 6.0 per cent YoY in FY15 and 6.8 per cent in FY16 from 4.7% in FY14."
The falling trend began in July 2014 and crude prices have declined by about 18-20 per cent so far. So, is crude oil in a free fall?
May be not, say analysts. A similar fall in crude prices was witnessed about two-and-a-half years ago, primarily on account of sluggish demand outlook owing to slowdown in economic growth of major economies.
Reports indicated that the OPEC countries have not yet cut their production and let the prices fall, as it may affect the competitiveness of shale oil production, whose cost of production is higher than crude oil.
Contrary to market expectations, Kuwait said OPEC was unlikely to cut production to support prices, while Saudi Arabia has privately told oil market participants it could be comfortable with $80 for oil, said a Reuters report.
The question is how far the major producing countries can sustain the fall in crude prices.
"The breakeven for crude price is different for different countries. Production in countries like Iran may not be sustainable at current price levels, while in countries like Saudi Arabia it can sustain at lower prices of about $80/barrel," said Dr. Tulsi Lingareddy, who is a Commodity Consultant and Economist.
"At this juncture, the next OPEC meeting in November becomes crucial to determine the further course of crude prices. The scope for further fall in crude prices appears to be limited as major producing countries may prefer to cut their production levels if the prices trade below $80/ barrel," he added.
According to chart analysts, oil prices are on the brink of sliding by another $10 or more. They say a drop of over 20 per cent since June has wiped out key support levels and left behind a 'technical graveyard', Reuters said in a report.
Deepak Shenoy, Founder, Capital Mind, is of the view that it is not really viable for crude to fall below a certain point, maybe at $60 is where it becomes unviable to produce.
"So at some point if it goes to those levels below 80, below 70, it might be prudent for us, at least for our oil companies, to consider hedges," he added. It may not make sense because you may not get contracts that are three years ahead at any reasonable price, he explained.
Are OMC stocks a blind 'BUY'?
A fall in crude oil prices certainly creates an advantageous position for OMCs and upstream companies as it will lead to lower under recoveries, say analysts.
Ajay Bagga, Market Expert, is of the view that oil marketing companies are a blind buy at this point in time as lower crude prices will help in reducing their working capital requirement.
PSUs stocks such as HPCL, BPCL and IOC are set to gain as cheaper crude will reduce their working capital requirement, thus reducing their dependence on subsidy payout from the government.
"We have seen the financing cost going down dramatically. Even in the first quarter, we saw falls of 50%-60% in the interest outgoes for the oil marketing companies. They are natural beneficiaries," he said, adding that "I would rank BPCL as the top bet in the oil and gas sector."
The government historically has subsidised petrol, diesel, LPG and kerosene prices in India. The government will subsidise only LPG and kerosene. Petrol pricing is already market determined and oil marketing companies (OMC) are currently generating over-recoveries (profits) on diesel.

Coal India gains on upgrade by foreign brokerageThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Should you consider buying silver this DiwaliThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Bharat Forge and Safran announce long-term p...Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
PUNE: High tech components manufacturer Bharat Forge and global aerospace, defence and security major Safran have announced a long-term partnership under which Bharat Forge will supply critical high integrity forged and machined components, for commercial aircraft applications to Safran's global affiliates.
The first step of this partnership is a Purchase Order issued today by Safran. Over the past 18 months, both companies have worked successfully on a demonstrator phase for initial trial production of critical forgings in a variety of materials, including titanium, nickel based and steel alloys, for aerospace. Both companies will also seek to explore and address other opportunities in Indian aerospace for civil and military sectors.
According to Stephane Lauret, CEO, Safran India Private Limited, "This latest development reflects our two companies' commitment to expanding our collaboration for the benefit of our customers in India and abroad." BN Kalyani, Chairman & Managing Director of Bharat Forge, added, "The partnership highlights our unwavering commitment to add tangible value to the vast opportunities offered by the Indian aerospace sector and confirms our resolve to strengthening our partnership for supplying forged components to Safran's global affiliate network."
Headquartered in Pune, Bharat Forge is the flagship company of the $2.5billion Kalyani Group while Safran generated sales of Euro 14.7 billion in 2013.

HPCL shuts Vishakhapatnam refinery due to Hu...You are here: Home > Collections > Refinery
Hindustan Petroleum Corp Ltd shuts Vishakhapatnam refinery due to cyclone Hudhud
PTI Oct 13, 2014, 01.46PM IST
Tags:
Cyclone
("Refinery was stopped as…)
NEW DELHI: State-owned Hindustan Petroleum Corp Ltd (HPCL) temporarily shut its Vishakhapatnam refinery as cyclone Hudhud made landfall on the eastern coast.
The company yesterday shut the 8.3 million tonnes a year or 166,000 barrels per day refinery at Vishakhapatnam as cyclone Hudhub made landfall with gusts as strong as 195 kilometres per hour.
"Refinery was stopped as a precautionary measure. It will be restarted when situation is normal," HPCL Director (Refineries) B K Namdeo said.
Vishakhapatnam was hit by cyclone that caused damage to properties including communication links and airport.
"There is no damage to life and property at our refinery. Barring uprooting of a few trees, everything is fine there," he said.
HPCL will resume operations when normalcy returns to the town.
"My guess is that it may take 3-4 days," he said, adding operations will start once people are able to travel and communication links are restored.
The cyclone, classified as a very severe storm, has weakened since landfall and is moving north-westwards.
It has killed eight people with met department forecasting heavy to very heavy rainfall in Visakhapatnam, Srikakulam and Vizianagaram and in some parts of Odisha.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty ends @ 7 884; Sensex gains 87 points; Jet  DLF take a 4% hitNifty ends @ 7,884; Sensex gains 87 points; Jet, DLF take 4% hit
PTI Oct 13, 2014, 04.40PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Infosys was the top gainer…)
MUMBAI: After falling in initial trade, the benchmark Sensex today rebounded over 86 points to end at 26,384.07 on the back of gains in key bluechips led by Coal India, Infosys, Hero MotorCorp, SBI and Maruti.
The Sensex, which commenced the day on a weak note at 26,275.07, slipped further to touch the day's low of 26,092.69 after investors focussed on weak economic data.
However, late buying by overseas funds and retail investors at prevailing levels helped the 30-share index rebound and close with a gain of 86.69 points, or 0.33 per cent, at 26,384.07. Intra-day, it rose to a high of 26,443.16. The gauge had plunged 340 points on Friday on profit-booking.
India's industrial production slowed down to a five-month low of 0.4 per cent in August due to contraction in manufacturing output and lower offtake of consumer goods. However, investors ignored the data in afternoon trade.
Coal India caught buyers' fancy among the Sensex pack and it rose 1.91 per cent after reports said foreign brokerage HSBC upgraded the stock to "overweight" from "neutral".
Other major gainers which also helped the Sensex to close in positive zone were Tata Power, Tata Steel, TCS, ICICI Bank, Axis Bank, Maruti Suzuki, HDFC, HDFC Bank, Bajaj Auto, ONGC and Hindalco.
Stocks of RIL ended 0.26 per cent lower ahead of quarterly earnings to be released later this evening.
Selling in Cipla, Dr Reddy's, Sun Pharma , ITC, Hindustan Unilever, Mahindra and Mahindra, L&T, NTPC, BHEL, Bharti Airtel and GAIL, capped the rise, brokers said.
Overall, 17 Sensex shares ended higher while 13 finished in the negative zone.
Sectorally, the BSE Metal index gained the most by rising 1.37 per cent, followed by Banking (1.35 per cent), IT (1.17 per cent), PSU (0.77 per cent), Power (0.14 per cent) and Oil & Gas index (0.11 per cent).
The broad-based 50-issue Nifty of the NSE also recovered by 24.30 points, or 0.31 per cent, to 7,884.25. It shuttled between 7,796.00 and 7,901.15 during the session.
Meanwhile, FIIs sold shares worth a net Rs 719.77 crore last Friday as per provisional data from exchanges.
Globally, it was a mixed closing on other Asian bourses while cues were positive from the European markets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Australian team to visit India to explore partnership in  Make in IndiaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Marussia determined to defend Bianchi s achievementThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

V-Mart Retail opens stores in UP and BiharThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Indian cos raise $10.3bn in April-July: RBIThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

IndusInd Bank Q2 profit up 30% at Rs 430 crIndusInd Bank Q2 profit up 30% at Rs 430 cr
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 13, 2014 02:56 PM IST
Private sector lender IndusInd Bank today said its standalone net profit in the second quarter ended September, 2014-15, rose by 30.3% to Rs 430.20 crore.
The bank had reported Rs 330.23 crore profit for Q2, 2013-14.
"Total income has increased from Rs 2,435.3 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 to Rs 2,937.03 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014," the bank said in a filing to the BSE.
The provisions and contingencies reduced to Rs 73.20 crore in Q2, over provisioning of Rs 88.86 crore a year ago.
The net non-performing assets (NPAs) or the bad loans of the bank rose to 0.33% in the second quarter of the current fiscal, over 0.22% a year ago.
However, the gross NPAs declined to 1.08% in Q2, over 1.11% a year ago.
IndusInd Bank scrip was trading 2.41% higher at Rs 638.30 in the afternoon on the BSE.

Jail is no bar: how Jayalalithaa  Lalu  Chautala hold on to powerComments
While Jayalalithaa’s conviction in the disproportionate assets case is a victory for the judiciary and for proponents of the decriminalisation of politics, it is unlikely to end the political career of the former chief minister of Tamil Nadu. The truth is that the functioning of political parties rarely changes when their leaders are put behind bars. There are many ways for elected representatives to ensure that their parties run as smoothly as before. These include conducting regular meetings inside jail with a coterie and using loyalists as a link with party functionaries.
J Jayalalithaa with her entourage.
Jayalalithaa is only the latest in a string of powerful politicians who have run their parties from jail. Others include former Bihar chief minister and Rashtriya Janta Dal chief Lalu Prasad Yadav, YSR Congress president YS Jagan Mohan Reddy and former Haryana chief minister OP Chautala.
While members of the political party might be reassured by its continued smooth functioning, a politician calling the shots despite being incarcerated is an indication that the party is not democratic. “The real driver of representative democracy is a political party, which is today run as a personal fiefdom,” says Jagdeep Chhokar, founder member of Association for Democratic Reforms, who believes that few Indian political parties have real internal democracy.
“We still have a very long way to go as democratic society where rule of law is supreme,” he adds.
The trend is more evident in the case of regional parties as they often revolve around a single personality and rarely have a second line of command. “Today, the AIADMK exists because of Jayalalithaa. She is the face of the party and she is the vote catcher,” said Vaasanthi Sundaram, author of the unpublished biography Jayalalithaa: A Portrait. Political analyst Jai Mrug suggests that the scenario is also evidence of the functioning of political parties based on a patron-client relationship. “The leader is seen as a Robin Hood. His acts of omission and commission are overlooked as a trade-off for the benefit of patronage,” he says.
The reverential attitude of jail staff and the privileges extended towards these prisoners are a matter of some concern as they invariably violate prison regulations. Incidentally, there is no classification of inmates under the category of “political prisoners” in the Prisons Act 1894 or in the rules made to operate the law.
So how should jail authorities deal with the demands of high-profile prisoners? “In case he or she wants any kind of different treatment, prison officials should ask for a written direction from the competent authority of the state,” said RK Saxena, former Inspector General (prisons) Rajasthan. Alternatively, the convicted politician has the right to approach the court for entitlements.
“In a majority of the cases, this does not happen and prison authorities go out of their way to make arrangements for prisoners with a political background,” says Saxena. Little wonder then that a politician’s work day looks much the same whether he’s in prison or out of it.
Jayalalithaa’s aura permeates all across
Jayalalithaa supporters protest against her conviction in the DA case. (PTI Photo)
Panneerselvam is Amma’s choice, we will 200 per cent support and do everything that we would do for Amma,” was the refrain of shocked and distraught party workers on the day that Jayalalithaa was taken away to Bangalore Central Prison.
Among her followers, loyalty to Amma is complete. Members of the party cadre even bow in respect to the helicopter that ferries her and prostrate on the floor on which she walks. Where else in India can you shoot pictures of a row of bowing politicians, dressed in trade mark white shirt and dhoti, other than in Tamil Nadu? Whether she is physically present or not, Jayalalithaa’s aura seems to encompass everyone. And for the AIADMK’s men and women, she is here, there and everywhere.
On September 27, when she was jailed, members of the party’s cadre engaged in sporadic and spontaneous incidents of violence. Amma is believed to have sent a quiet but firm word to Pannerselvam to discipline the party cadre, lest the violence provide the opposition with grounds to attack the AIADMK government.
Read: Jayalalithaa sentenced to 4 years in jail; clashes in Tamil Nadu
Given all this, it is no surprise that Amma’s physical presence is not required for the daily functioning of the party for which her every wish is a command.
No formal second-rung leadership has been designated in the party that runs on auto pilot in Jayalalithaa’s absence. This was the case when she spent about three months in 2001 in Bangalore prison and it is the case now too. As in the army, ministers and office bearers know what is expected of them. Discipline is total and its enforcement strict. While Manmohan Singh as prime minister could not dare to reshuffle his cabinet as per his own wishes and had to retain Raja, Jayalalithaa shuffles her ministers like she’s playing a game of cards. Indeed, in Tamil Nadu, administrative and police reshuffles are routine and frequent. “With her, one does know where one stands,” says a former bureaucrat.
Members of the bureaucracy and politicians all know that loyalty is paramount. A whiff of doubt and they could be out. But all this only endears her to her party cadre. They worship her because Brand Amma wins elections.
With or without Karunanidhi
M Karunanidhi is roughed up by Madras police during his arrest at his residence in June 2001. (AP Photo/ Sun TV)
In 2001, DMK chief M Karunanidhi spent about a week in jail after he was arrested in a midnight swoop. His son and political heir Stalin too was arrested. The arrests were in connection with alleged corruption in the construction of 10 flyovers in Chennai.
If his opponents hoped the incident would set him back, they had misjudged.
The incident instantly won Karunanidhi the sympathy of the people who had just voted him out, and the central government, led by Atal Behari Vajpayee, stood firmly by its ally.
MK Stalin too had to spend some time in Madurai jail. Things could have turned chaotic for the party but the DMK, which has a strong cadre and a well-defined party structure, fought back with protests. Some 32,000 party members were lodged in different jails. As a result, Karunanidhi refused to seek bail for himself, thereby earning even more appreciation from his followers.
Read: Katju to Karunanidhi: explain growth of your wealth
The party cadre’s loyalty, intact even today, was the engine that drove the protests. “How badly Kalaignar was treated was shocking.  Cadres were angry, restless and agitated. But the illegal arrests were criticised by everyone,” says a senior DMK leader.
The DMK has a firm party structure in place and its executive council comprising senior leaders discuss, debate and deliberate, often clashing with one another on issues. But once Karunanidhi himself takes a final call and issues a directive, everyone falls in line.
Even when Karunanidhi was lodged at the central jail, his party apparatus worked as if he was still physically among them. Matters were eased somewhat by the fact that his trusted followers including senior leaders, who built the party with Karunanidhi, know his mind and strove to work accordingly.
However, the party did not have to suffer too long. Karunanidhi was released in less than 10 days as public opinion in the country and the central government too came down heavily against the Jayalalithaa government for the manner in which the entire issue had been handled.
Jail no hindrance for OP Chautala in ticket distribution
Former Haryana CM OP Chautala being taken to jail after being produced at a Delhi Court in connection with illegally recruiting primary school teachers. (PTI Photo)
About one-and-a-half years ago, the principal opposition party in Haryana, the Indian National Lok Dal, looked like it would collapse.
The reason: On January 22, 2013, the Delhi CBI court sentenced the INLD supremo and former chief minister Om Prakash Chautala, his elder son Ajay Chautala — sitting MLA from Dabwali — and eight others to 10 years imprisonment in a case involving the illegal recruitment of about 3,000 teachers.
 The INLD, which has always been seen as centered around Chautala, quickly reconciled itself to being led from prison. Matters that just could not be tackled from prison were looked after by Chautala’s younger son Abhay Chautala. The sitting MLA from Ellenabad took the party’s reins in his hands while ensuring that senior leaders including KC Bangar and party president Ashok Arora were by his side.
Meanwhile, the jailed leaders would periodically check into the Medanta Hospital, a five-star health facility in Gurgaon that’s everything a prison is not. Naturally, Chautala is kept abreast of all party goings-on and information. Communication between the leader and the workers has also been total.
Read: INLD supremo OP Chautala surrenders at Tihar Jail
Indeed, communication has been so smooth that, Chautala, who has been meeting a large number of party workers at the hospital every day, has also decided the distribution of all the 88 tickets (of the total 90 seats — two were given to INLD ally Shiromani Akali Dal). In between all this excitement, Chautala was also periodically granted bail on different grounds.
Perhaps the INLD leader had been pushing the envelope rather too brazenly. The bail given by the court was heavily criticised by the CBI when Chautala, on his extended bail (begun from September 25, 2014), began campaigning at full throttle in support of his candidates across the state.
Earlier this week, the CBI’s objections led the court to ask Chautala to appear before it on October 10. Subsequently, he was asked to surrender to jail authorities by October 11. Does this mean party workers will be bereft? Quite unlikely judging from past events.
Lalu Prasad Yadav's art of conducting jail durbars
RJD President and former Bihar CM Lalu Prasad Yadav entering the Birsa Munda central jail in the fodder scam case in Ranchi in September 2013. (Parwaz Khan/ HT Photo)
The jail authorities were at his service and ensured that he got the same treatment as he did when he was chief minister.  Except for the fact that he functioned as de facto chief minister from the camp jail, Lalu’s routine was as normal as ever.  As his wife was at the helm of the state’s affairs, officials regularly visited the jail and took directives from Lalu on every issue big or small. He cleared files in consultation with some top bureaucrats and issued directives to the secretaries of departments. Some senior officials used to carry files to the jail so Lalu could take a look at them and include his directives. Those files were then ferried back to the chief minister who would affix her signature.
Read: Jayalalithaa lodged in jail while Chautala, Lalu are out on bail
During his second stint at Patna’s Beur jail and later at the designated prison ward of the Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (IGIMS), Lalu continued with a similar routine of meeting party leaders and officials. Meeting hours were fixed for durbars and for the RJD leaders, who flocked to him inside the prison ward. Astute politician that he is, Lalu used his jail terms to reap political benefits and to consolidate his backward class and Muslim vote bank to his advantage in later elections.
Life in prison was not particularly inconvenient for Lalu who used to cook the food he enjoyed, which included  mutton and fish preparations, with pomfret being a special favourite. Every day, the stream of supporters from his political turf Chapra and its nearby areas would throng the prison ward and bring him gifts of food including curd, fish of all varieties and crabs. His barber and masseur too visited him regularly. “It was sort of an open jail for him,” recalled a staff member of the IGIMS.

It s reality check time for stocksIt's reality check time for stocks
By Jesse Solomon   @JesseSolomonCNN October 12, 2014: 7:32 AM ET
Earnings season is in full gear next week and that means its earnings time.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The time of reckoning is here for the market.
Last week felt like someone pulled the fire alarm. The Dow suffered its worst drop of the year and ended the week 2.7% lower. The best explanation for the sell-off was fears of a German slump and the timing of Federal Reserve interest rate hikes.
What comes next for stocks depends largely on corporate America. Some of the biggest companies in the U.S. are up to bat with third quarter earnings this week. Investors will be looking for continued signs of growth.
Along with the Fed's unprecedented stimulus and low interest rate policies, earnings have been the lifeblood of the historic five-year bull market. Since the recession, companies have been cutting costs aggressively in an effort to squeeze out every inkling of profit, and investors have eaten that strategy up.
Related: Stocks should fall more. You shouldn't worry
But it's possible that the earnings love story could hit a rough patch. The estimated earnings growth rate for the third quarter is 4.6%, according to FactSet. That's good, not great, especially when considering that as of the beginning of the third quarter, FactSet was estimating earnings growth of 9%.
Here's what to watch for as earnings from the big guys start rolling in this week.
Tech: Some hot tech names will take center stage this week.
Investors will be watching eBay ( EBAY , Tech30 ) closely when it reports earnings after the closing bell Wednesday. The ecommerce giant announced a few weeks ago that it was spinning off PayPal into a separate company, so analysts will most likely hound eBay executives on the company's conference call for more details about the plan. EBay's stock is actually down 5% this year.
Related: Shrewd investor Carl Icahn is killing it
Netflix ( NFLX , Tech30 )also releases results Wednesday afternoon. The stock has soared almost 25% this year as investors have cheered its subscriber growth and plans for international expansion. Earlier this month, Netflix announced a deal with Adam Sandler for the comedian to produce and star in four feature films that will be released exclusively on the streaming video service.
Google ( GOOG ) reports earnings after the bell Thursday. Shares of the tech behemoth have fallen in the past month amidst a broader pullback in tech stocks, but it's still up almost 30% in the last year. Analysts will keeping an eye on how Google executed on its new mobile ad strategy.
Banks: Big banks kick off earnings on Tuesday with JPMorgan Chase ( JPM ), Citigroup ( C ), and Wells Fargo ( WFC ).
The big question is how much they are lending again -- to consumers and other businesses.
Trading revenues at the financial powerhouses are expected to have stabilized last quarter compared to the prior three months as volatility finally crept back into the market in September. (Banks make money from market choppiness as clients trade more.) Still, increased regulations have put a crimp on overall banks' trading operations in recent years, so they're still not quite the profit engines they used to be.
Related: Wells Fargo worker asks CEO for raise in email, CC'ing hundreds of thousands
Firms should also get a boost from investment banking fees, earned from such activities as advising on mergers and helping take companies public. The third quarter continued to see strength in those areas, including the largest IPO in history of Alibaba ( BABA , Tech30 ) in September. .
Bank of America ( BAC ) reports Wednesday, and its earnings are expected to take a hit from its $16.5 billion settlement with the government over subprime mortgage-backed bonds it sold during the lead up to the financial crisis. Still, investors seem happy that its critical legal issues appear to be in the rear view mirror. Bank of America's stock has shot up over 8% in the last three months.
Goldman Sachs ( GS ) and Morgan Stanley ( MS ) report earnings Thursday and Friday, respectively.
Global headwinds: While many investors remain confident in the American recovery, there are signs of trouble brewing abroad.
 
The market suffers from whiplash
The main fear is that major U.S. multinationals that derive a significant chunk of their revenue from overseas could be hurt by a slowdown in Europe and China. While a global economic downturn last quarter may have bruised American companies, it's more likely that the repercussions will be felt in the current quarter.
Investors will be scrutinizing the forward guidance in the earnings reports for signs of how European sales are faring.
Related: German stocks hit 1-year low on recession fears
A stronger dollar could hurt companies because their foreign profits will be trimmed once they convert their earnings back to greenbacks. Additionally, a more robust dollar makes it harder to compete with corporations in countries with weaker currencies that can lower prices for consumers.
First Published: October 12, 2014: 7:32 AM ET
Most Popular

Sectoral MFs need more frequent reviews compared with othersSectoral MFs need more frequent reviews compared with others
Method of reviewing a set of MF holdings is quite simple and straightforward if done systematically
How frequently should a mutual fund (MF) portfolio be reviewed and how should it be done?
—Anish
In general, MF portfolios should be reviewed at least once a year. However, certain types of funds, such as sectoral funds, should be reviewed more frequently, say, once in six months or even every quarter. For sectoral funds, factors such as industry outlook, valuations, regulatory changes, interest rate situations and so on could change quickly affecting the performance of these focused funds. Consequently, a frequent review would ensure that you are not missing out on opportunities to either book profits or cut your losses.
The method of reviewing a set of MF holdings is quite simple and straightforward if done systematically. The first task would be to organize the holdings into portfolio groups. These groupings can be based on one or more criteria. For example, you can do it by purpose—all your tax-saving funds in one group, all your liquid funds (meant for short-term liquidity) in another group, all your new fund offering purchases in a separate group, all your long-term funds in another group and so on. If you are doing goal-based investing, such grouping would be even easier because you could place all the funds that are meant to help you save towards particular goals in their own groups, creating many mini-portfolios. This step is the most important first step as it gives you a “divide-and-conquer” approach to tackle the problem of reviewing all your funds.
Once you are done organizing all your holdings into separate groups, you can review each group individually. If you are following an asset allocation method for some of these portfolios, you can see if the current asset allocation has deviated significantly from the original allocation. If so, you will need to rebalance to bring it back to the intended allocation.
If you were doing goal-based investing, then you would need to review if your goal-oriented portfolios are tracking the target within the given time frame. If you are falling short, it could be for two reasons—either the portfolio is overly conservative in its asset allocation, or the funds are not performing as well as they were expected to. In either case, you would need to tune the portfolio by changing schemes (either increasing the risk level, or replacing the poor performers).
If you are simply doing general purpose wealth accumulation investing, then you could review fund performances to see if you are still holding good funds that promise to deliver returns that beat inflation and the market.
You can also use curated MF lists, such as the Mint50, to ensure that the funds hold promise for the future.
Queries and views at mintmoney@livemint.com

Memes do the rounds on last day of campaigning in MaharashtraMemes do the rounds on last day of campaigning in Maharashtra
Soubhik Mitra , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 13, 2014
First Published: 00:53 IST(13/10/2014) | Last Updated: 13:44 IST(13/10/2014)
Comments
Away from the political mud-slinging unfolding at poll rallies across the state, more risque versions have been gathering steam in the virtual world. With just a day left for curtains to come down on election campaigns, chat groups and social media pages are being bombarded with muck-soaked memes.
For instance, one meme shows Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray outmuscle Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Amit Shah inside a free-style wrestling ring. Another shows Prime Minister Narendra Modi holding a placard seeking votes from a party other than the BJP.
“Memes normally work well in grabbing eyeballs. But this time, the response has been particularly good among youngsters,” said a person in charge of a political party’s social media campaigns requesting anonymity.
Poll slogans have become the ideal fodder for jokes doing the rounds on WhatsApp groups. The BJP’s poll slogan ‘Arey kuthe nehun thevlay Maharashtra majha?’ (What have they reduced my Maharashtra to?), for instance has become a funny quip among smartphone users. Even the Sena’s ‘Majha naav Shiv Sena’ (My name is Shiv Sena) has been used to poke fun at the party.
While memes are expected to have little impact on voters’ decision, they can influence young voters. “Young unbiased voters seldom have knowledge about issues. Hence, these memes could generate top of the mind recall for a particular political party,” said city-based psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty.
He added that poll propaganda is most effective if the memes have resonance with the political personality featuring in them. “A meme featuring a politician known for his or her inflammatory oratory has better chances of connecting with the audience if it captures that aspect of their personality,” he added. Social watchdogs collecting voters’ feedback from poll campaigns, however, felt that a majority of voters take memes with a pinch of salt.
“Our assessment of voters’ feedback showed that a majority of voters are upset because all political parties have failed to address issues. Almost every poll speech focused on showing rival parties in poor light,” said Sharad Kumar, trustee of the city-based Action for Good governance and Networking in India.

49% candidates fielded by major parties have criminal backgroundPolitical parties fielding candidates with criminal background is nothing new and Maharashtra is no exception.
 
The Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) has analysed the affidavits of 2,336 candidates (out of 4,119) contesting the upcoming state elections.
 
Even though the report is only half complete, it covers all the 1,318 candidates from major parties - Congress, BJP, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena, Shiv Sena and NCP. 
 
 
HT looked at the data and found that Shiv Sena and MNS lead in fielding candidates with criminal charges. A whopping 61% and 54% of candidates respectively from these two parties have criminal charges.
 
Further, Shiv sena has fielded the most number of candidates (114) with 'serious' criminal charges.
 
 
Interestingly, most of the major parties have reduced fielding the number of candidates with criminal charges as against the previous assembly elections in 2009.
Moreover, 54% of the constituencies in Maharashtra have three or more candidates with criminal background contesting the elections.
 
In four constituencies of Uran, Kalina, Anushakti Nagar and Vandre East, each has seven candidates with criminal cases against them contesting. Significantly, apart from Uran, all the other three constituencies are in Mumbai.
Story ideated and written by: Sourjya Bhowmick (@sourjyabhowmick)
Edited and visualized by : Vignesh Radhakrishnan (@vinuthewriter)

Al Qaeda  IM may target Nepali politicians  Delhi warns Kathmanduprint
New Delhi has warned Kathmandu that some ‘prominent Nepali politicians’ could be assassinated by al Qaeda and Indian Mujahideen (IM) operatives.
A news report in ‘The Annapurna Post’ on Monday claims India’s external affairs ministry sent a letter in this regard to the Nepal government on September 25 through its embassy in Kathmandu.
Based on intelligence from ‘highly reliable sources’ the letter also spoke of abduction threat to Indian diplomats in Nepal and possible hijacking of an Indian or Nepali aircraft flying out of Kathmandu.
“We have received written and verbal intimation in this regard from the Indian side and police and other security agencies have been alerted,” the Nepali daily quoted an unnamed foreign ministry source.
The letter doesn’t mention why Nepali politicians could be targeted or who could be under threat.
It adds some operatives of al Qaeda and IM may have already entered Nepal and could be hiding in the capital or neighbouring areas. There could also be a poisonous gas attack on common citizens, it said.
The warning has jolted administrative and security establishment here at a time when the Himalayan nation is busy planning next month’s South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit.
The report adds India has asked Nepal for more security at its establishments in Kathmandu and other places and also for its diplomats based in the country.
Nepal’s foreign ministry spokesperson Khaganath Adhikari claimed ignorance about the letter. “I have also read the news report. But I have no idea about any such letter,” he said.
However, a senior diplomat in the Indian embassy confirmed that India has shared information of threats and security matters to Nepal both through notes and during discussions. He refused to divulge details.
Nepal has been a favourite hiding spot for terrorists and criminals from India. Last year Lashkar-e-Taiba operative Abdul Karim Tunda and IM founder Yasin Bhatkal and another associate were arrested here.
In 1999, Indian Airlines flight IC814 on way to New Delhi from Kathmandu was hijacked by Harkat-ul-Mujahideen operatives and taken to Afghanistan via Amritsar, Lahore and Dubai.

IndusInd Bank Q2 profit up 30% at Rs 430 croreIndusInd Bank Q2 profit up 30% at Rs 430 crore
PTI Oct 13, 2014, 03.07PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The net non-performing…)
MUMBAI: Private player IndusInd Bank today reported 30.27 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 430.20 crore for the second quarter of the current fiscal, helped by a healthy rise in non-interest income.
The Hinduja Group-promoted lender's core net interest income rose 19 per cent to Rs 833.11 crore, while non-interest income was Rs 558.27 crore, up 34 per cent compared to the July-September quarter of last fiscal, 2013-14.
"Total income has increased from Rs 2,435.3 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 to Rs 2,937.03 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014," said the bank.
The core fee income was up 31 per cent at Rs 509.30 crore for Q2, 2014-15, aided by 41 per cent rise in loan processing income, 25 per cent in fees from distribution of insurance, credit cards and 35 per cent increase in forex earnings, compared to the year-ago period, IndusInd Bank Managing Director Ramesh Sobti told reporters here.
After RBI's relaxation in norms to let top executives continue till the age of 70, the bank board has decided to approach the regulator for a three-year extension for Sobti.
Even though credit growth for the financial system plummeted to a decadal low, Sobti said the bank was able to restrict the fall and posted 22 per cent increase in loans.
For the bank, the good news is that the auto and commercial vehicle loans -- a major component of its assets - are on the upswing after a year's lull, he said.
The non-auto retail component is also looking better, Sobti said, adding that those loans have now crossed the Rs 7,000-crore mark. The corporate loans now account for 57 per cent of the overall book, while consumer finance is 43 per cent.
The bank's net interest margin dipped by 0.02 per cent at 3.63 per cent due to a pressure on yields from corporate loans, Chief Financial Officer S V Zaregaonkar said, adding that there was almost a similar fall in cost of deposits as well.
The bank, which cut its savings bank offering to a minimum of 4.5 per cent in September, is yet to see the impact of the move but its benefits will accrue soon, Sobti said.
The new customer addition has not suffered because of the move on rates and the bank continues to add around 55,000- 60,000 new customers every month, he said.
The bank is adding branches at a faster clip and will exceed its March 2015 target of 750, Sobti said, adding that it will close the year with 800 branches.
On the corporate side, there is a downward trend on rates as the demand for loans is very slow, IndusInd Bank Head of Corporate Banking Suhail Chander said.
The bank restructured four-five accounts during the quarter, Sobti said, adding around Rs 16 crore of assets were also sold to asset reconstruction companies.
Slippages were limited and the lender was able to contain its gross non-performing assets ratio at 1.08 per cent in the July-September period.
The bank does not need any new capital till next year and will first analyse the market before coming out with an infrastructure bond offering, he said.
  The bank did not make any provision towards unhedged currency exposures of its clients during the quarter, but Sobti added it will have to set aside Rs 20 crore over the next two quarters for it.
IndusInd Bank scrip closed 1.92 per cent up at Rs 635.25 on the BSE, while the key index Sensex gained 0.33 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tharoor removed as Congress spokesperson over Modi praiseTharoor dropped as Congress spokesperson
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 13, 2014
First Published: 14:23 IST(13/10/2014) | Last Updated: 02:13 IST(14/10/2014)
Comments
The Congress Monday removed Shashi Tharoor as a spokesperson for his "repeated praise" of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the second time the party had "disciplined" the former Union minister in four years.
Tharoor, whose relationship with the party has been rather tumultuous, accepted the decision as a "loyal worker of Congress" but did indicate he was not given an opportunity to respond to the accusations levelled by the party's Kerala unit.
"As a loyal worker of the Congress party, I accept the decision of the party president to relieve me of my responsibilities as a spokesman," said Tharoor after the decision was announced.
Tharoor's removal was recommended by a Congress disciplinary committee , which was later accepted by party president Sonia Gandhi.
The disciplinary panel  took up the issue following a complaint by the Congress' Kerala unit that his participation in the Prime Minister's Swachh Bharat mission upset party workers.
The report of the Kerala unit had held that Tharoor's adulatory statements about Modi had hurt Congress workers in Kerala, who had worked sincerely for his victory from Thiruvananthapuram Lok Sabha seat.
 
Tharoor had earlier reacted sarcastically to the Kerala unit's move, saying this would mean the state leadership would finally read what he actually wrote instead of oral summaries.
The three-member committee, comprising senior leaders Motilal Vora, AK Antony and Sushilkumar Shinde, looked into the entire matter, including Tharoor’s acceptance of Modi’s invitation to join the campaign.
The view in the AICC is that Tharoor should have kept in mind that he holds a responsible position in the party and that party interests should come first.
Tharoor had recently accepted Prime Minister Modi's invitation to join a group of  nine celebrities, which included actor Salman Khan and cricketer Sachin Tendulkar, to join the Clean India mission, but still expressed revervations that it could be tokenism.
Tharoor had also gone to the US during the time the Prime Minister was  there, and had appeared on various television channels. Party sources say that nobody was assigned from Congress to the US during Modi's visit and speak on the party's behalf.
Tharoor has not been briefing media at the AICC from June 4 after his piece in Huffington Post, praising Modi kicked up a big row in the Congress.
 
The Congress leader had said that it would be "churlish" if his party did not take note of Modi's efforts to sound gracious and accommodative and reinvent himself from a "hate figure into an avatar of modernity and progress".
The comment did not go down well with the Congress which snubbed him immediately, describing it as his "personal view"
Tharoor has so far rejected suggestions that he was moving closer to the BJP by asserting that he was a "proud Congressman" and never endorsed the "Hindutva agenda" of the BJP.
The Kerala Pradesh Congress Committee welcomed the action against Tharoor.
In April 2010, Tharoor was asked to resign as the minister of state for external affairs following an uproar over his alleged role in the purchase of an IPL franchise that was later terminated over a unrelated payment dispute.
Perceived to be close to the Gandhi family, he was brought back in the government in October 2012.
Tharoor's five-year association with the Congress has had a fare share of controversies - ranging from his infamous "cattle-class" tweet to a raging Twitter war between his late wife Sunanda Pushkar and a Pakistani journalist. The Congress, however, was quick to dismiss that the decision was linked to Pushkar's mysterious death. 
"He is still a Congress leader and the chairperson of the standing committee on external affairs," spokesperson Shobha Oza said.
Meanwhile, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Subramanyan Swamy claimed that the Congress was distancing itself from Tharoor because of the controversy over the death of his wife Sunanda Pushkar.
Swamy was referring to recent forensic reports which suggested that Sunanda was poisoned and that the Delhi police should re-investigate the case.
( With PTI inputs)

Hong Kong anti-protests group tear down barricadesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Is Amazon the New E-Com King in IndiaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Congress sacks Shashi Tharoor from AICC spokesperson post | Accept decision: TharoorAICC spokesperson post
(Sonia has accepted the recommendation…)
NEW DELHI: Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Monday removed Shashi Tharoor as AICC spokesperson after the party's disciplinary action committee recommended it. The Kerala PCC leadership had demanded "appropriate action" against the Lok Sabha MP for his "pro-Modi stands", including unilaterally accepting the PM's invitation to be a brand ambassador of Swachh Bharat campaign.
Tharoor, who described himself as "a loyal workers of the Congress party", accepted his party leader's decision and said he was treating the issue as closed, making it clear he had no plans to rebel. By acting against Tharoor, the Congress, apart from satisfying its Kerala unit, has also advertised it will have zero tolerance against partymen who unilaterally take decisions on sensitive matters involving the Modi government.
"Congress president Sonia Gandhi has accepted the recommendation of the AICC disciplinary committee to remove Shashi Tharoor from the list of spokespersons with immediate effect. The Kerala Pradesh Congress Committee had submitted a complaint in this regard to the disciplinary committee," Congress general secretary (Organisation) Janardan Dwivedi said in a press release. This is the second time Tharoor has faced rough weather in his 10-year stint in Congress. In 2009, he was forced to quit in the wake of the IPL scam.
Though Tharoor subtly lamented he was not given an opportunity to explain his conduct, sources said since the evidences of his statements and tweets that provoked the PCC were available for scrutiny, the committee felt no need to seek further clarification. Tharoor too accepted the leadership's prerogative. The spokesperson rejected the BJP claim and asserted that action against him has nothing to do with the probe into his wife's death.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bharat Forge and Safran announce partnershipPrices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
PUNE: High tech components manufacturer Bharat Forge and global aerospace, defence and security major Safran have announced a long-term partnership under which Bharat Forge will supply critical high integrity forged and machined components, for commercial aircraft applications to Safran's global affiliates.
The first step of this partnership is a Purchase Order issued today by Safran. Over the past 18 months, both companies have worked successfully on a demonstrator phase for initial trial production of critical forgings in a variety of materials, including titanium, nickel based and steel alloys, for aerospace. Both companies will also seek to explore and address other opportunities in Indian aerospace for civil and military sectors.
According to Stephane Lauret, CEO, Safran India Private Limited, "This latest development reflects our two companies' commitment to expanding our collaboration for the benefit of our customers in India and abroad." BN Kalyani, Chairman & Managing Director of Bharat Forge, added, "The partnership highlights our unwavering commitment to add tangible value to the vast opportunities offered by the Indian aerospace sector and confirms our resolve to strengthening our partnership for supplying forged components to Safran's global affiliate network."
Headquartered in Pune, Bharat Forge is the flagship company of the $2.5billion Kalyani Group while Safran generated sales of Euro 14.7 billion in 2013.

Sebi bans DLF  six top executives from securities markets for 3 yrsYou are here: Home > Collections
SEBI bars DLF, KP Singh & five top executives from entering securities markets for 3 years
Reena Zachariah, ET Bureau Oct 14, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
DLF
(In a statement late Monday…)
MUMBAI: India's largest builder DLF, which has been in the centre of a political storm for its alleged dealings with Robert Vadra, has now received a body blow from the capital market watchdog Sebi. DLF, its Chairman KP Singh, some members of the promoter family and a few senior executives have been barred from dealing in stocks and securities for three years by Sebi.
The regulatory action stems from the DLF management's failure to disclose material information to investors during the firm's maiden equity offer in 2007. The Sebi order dated October 10 was uploaded on the regulator's website well after trading hours on Monday when realty stocks such as DLF and Unitech fell 4% while others like Sobha Developers, Godrej Properties and Phoenix Mills rose. Option traders who may have had a whiff of the bad news took positions during the day. Singh's son Rajiv — vice-chairman of the real estate company — and daughter Pia — a whole-time director in the firm — are among those barred from accessing the securities market.
DLF is likely to challenge the order before the Securities Appellate Tribunal, a quasi judicial body.
The controversy that culminated in the final Sebi order was sparked just before DLF launched its IPO.
A few days before the Rs 9,187.5-crore IPO opened in 2007, Sebi had received complaints from one Kimsuk Krishna Sinha, who alleged that DLF group entity Sudipti Estates and other persons had duped him of Rs 34 crore in a land deal.
The complainant, Kimsuk Krishna Sinha, had pointed out that Sudipti had only two shareholders — DLF Home Developers and DLF Estate Developers — which were wholly owned subsidiaries of DLF. The DLF management had then denied that Sudipti was part of the group. Sinha subsequently filed a writ petition before the Delhi High Court, which then directed Sebi to examine the matter. At the high court's direction, Sebi issued show-cause notices (SCN) to DLF and its seven senior officials. The regulator alleged the company and the officials concerned had used a complex corporate structure to disassociate Sudipti from DLF.
Thus, Sudipti did not figure in the IPO prospectus of DLF. "The Noticees actively and knowingly suppressed several material information and facts in the red herring prospectus (RHP)/prospectus leading to misstatements in the RHP/prospectus so as to mislead and defraud the investors in securities market in connection with the issue of shares of DLF," said the Sebi order, which includes the response of DLF and its directors.
In a statement late Monday evening, DLF denied any wrong-doing and said its actions were guided by advice from lawyers and merchant bankers.
"DLF and its board wish to reassure its investors and all other stakeholders that it has not acted in contravention of law either during its initial public offer or otherwise. DLF and its board were guided by and acted on the advice of eminent legal advisors, merchant bankers and audit firms while formulating its offer documents. DLF will defend itself to the fullest extent against any adverse findings and measures contained in the order passed by Sebi. DLF has full faith in the judicial process and is confident of vindication of its stand in the near future."
In his response to Sebi, which is quoted in the order, KP Singh said the show-cause notice was issued to him in his capacity as DLF chairman and there was no allegation of any wrong-doing on his part. Also, he said, there was no concept of strict or vicarious liability under Section 11 of the Sebi Act which would enable the regulator to issue directions against directors in the absence of any specific allegations against them.
Singh's legal representative also submitted that given the complexity and specialised nature of the IPO process and his advanced age of 82 years, Singh relied on the advice of various experts involved in the process such as merchant bankers, and acted in a bona fide manner on such expert advice. Leading investment banks such as DSP Merrill Lynch, Kotak, Citi, Lehman, Deutsche Equities, ICICI Securities, UBS and SBI Capital Markets were associated with the IPO.
"It's an excellent order clearly establishing the fact that in the eyes of law, no one is big or small," said JN Gupta, founder & MD, Stakeholders Empowerment Services. In its order, Sebi said DLF continued to be in control of the board of directors of Sudipti and related entities such as Shalika and Felicite, which remained its subsidiaries even after the purported transfer of shareholding in them on November 29-30, 2006. Thus, according to Sebi, the three companies were related parties and DLF had failed to disclose its related party transactions.
"Sebi has sent the right message to those who think they (can) get (away) by violating regulations and suppressing information," said Huzefa Nasikwala of Nasikwala Law Office. "I would like to see more stringent action from the market regulator in coming days." Sebi's whole-time member Rajeev Kumar Agarwal, who signed the order, said, "I, therefore, find that the purported transfers of shareholding in the said three companies were sham transactions devised as aplan, scheme, design and device to camouflage the association of DLF with these three companies as holding-subsidiary."
FEATURED ARTICLES

RIL stock closes lower ahead of Q2 earningsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hang Seng bounces 0.24% on bottom fishingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Coalgate Scam: Court summons former secretary HC Gupta  othersThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SEBI bars DLF  6 top execs from securities markets for 3 yearsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Oriental Bank of Commerce to open Tier II Bond issue of Rs 750 croreThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

LONDON MARKETS: U.K. Stocks Resume Their Selloff  But Rio Tinto GainsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

MediaTek unveils 4G LTE chipset for India  takes on QualcommMediaTek unveils 4G LTE chipset for India, takes on Qualcomm
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 13, 2014 04:02 PM IST
Eyeing the higher margin premium smartphone market in India, MediaTek today unveiled its 4G LTE chipset 'MT6595' through which the chip maker aims to take on its rival Qualcomm's Snapdragon 800 chipset family.
The Taiwan-headquartered firm claims the chip is world's first octa-core 4G LTE System on Chip (SoC), which was first announced in February this year.
The firm expects to sell around 300 million chips this year, out of which 30 million will be 4G LTE chips. But, this will further increase in 2015 and 2016 with more markets including that in India transitioning to 4G LTE technology.
"MT6595 is for the premium range of handsets. We have a very strong background in multi-media and this chip will give users an unmatched experience on their handsets," MediaTek General Manager, Corporate Sales International, Finbarr Moynihan told PTI.
The firm is looking at the premium smartphone segment in India, which starts from Rs 20,000 and through this it will take on US-based chipmaker Qualcomm's Snapdragon 800 family, he added.
When asked about the Indian handset makers, who will be launching their products featuring MT6595, Moynihan said, "We are talking with some local brands on this. Globally, Lenovo has already come out with a device featuring this chip."
MediaTek is focused on delivering a full range of 4G LTE platform in India and the MT6596 is the first of many to arrive, he added.
"MT6595 SoC promises a premium user experience with 4G connectivity, superior multi-tasking performance and an excellent sustained performance-per-watt," he said.
The fabless semiconductor maker has already announced an investment of USD 200 million in India and recently launched a facility in Bangalore to boost its research and development capabilities. It already has a R&D facility in Noida.

Its the new mediocre  not a global recessionAbout Gavyn
Blog guide
A blog on macroeconomics, economic policymaking and the financial markets. Gavyn usually writes about a key topic of the week on Sunday.
If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read this blog. However, the posts remain free.
Follow @gavyndavies
Gavyn Davies is a macroeconomist who is now chairman of Fulcrum Asset Management and co-founder of Prisma Capital Partners. He was the head of the global economics department at Goldman Sachs from 1987-2001, and was chairman of the BBC from 2001-2004.
He has also served as an economic policy adviser in No 10 Downing Street, an external adviser to the British Treasury, and as a visiting professor at the London School of Economics.
Gavyn Davies is an active investor and may have financial interests and holdings in any of the topics about which he writes. The views expressed are solely those of Mr Davies and in no way reflect the views of Prisma Capital Partners LP, Fulcrum Asset Management LLP, their respective affiliates or representatives. This material is not intended to provide, and should not be relied upon for, investment advice or recommendations. Readers are urged to seek professional advice before making any investments.
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Polaris plunges 5% post demerger; hits lower circuitYou are here: Home > Collections > Demerger
Polaris Financial hits lower circuit of 5% post demerger
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 13, 2014, 11.55AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jain
(Polaris plans to continue…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Polaris Financial Technologies extended losses for third straight session as the company formally completed its demerger process.
The company in its board meeting held in September, had fixed October 10 as the record date for the purpose of determining the list of shareholders who are entitled to receive the shares in Intellect Design Arena Limited, the resulting company after the demerger.
The stock had tanked nearly 21 per cent on October 09 as it traded at ex-demerger price.
"Board meeting will be held on October 15 to allot 1 share of Intellect to shareholders of Polaris," said Arun Jain , Chairman and Managing Director, Polaris Financial Technology to ET Now
Polaris plans to continue to invest in sales & marketing for products business. It has 185 customers globally out of which 10 clients are in above $5 million bracket.
At 11:20 a.m.; the stock was at 5 per cent lower circuit at Rs 194.15 on the BSE . It has corrected 21 per cent in the past three sessions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Edinburgh Evening News.Additional Newsletter
Where do you live?
Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals.
Please provide a valid UK postcode
(letters and numbers only)
Already Registered
It looks like you're already registered.
is already registered with .     You will be able to use the same account on .     Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address.
Validating

hit out at bankers over the weekendCarney tells bankers to embrace new rules or quit
Governor of the Bank of England says top executives should be more responsible
Mark Carney: “Maybe they were not at the best tables in society after that, but they’re still at the best golf courses." Photo: Bloomberg News
By Szu Ping Chan , in Washington
9:57PM BST 12 Oct 2014
Comments
Senior bank executives unhappy with new rules to make them criminally liable    for failures should resign, according to the Governor of the Bank of    England.
Mark Carney said    directors and top executives should be made more responsible for any    reckless staff behaviour because reforms to curb bank pay were not enough to    prevent another financial crisis.
“One of the legacies of the crisis in the US and by and large in the UK was    that the individuals who ran the institutions got away. They got away with    their compensation packages, they got away without sanction,” Mr Carney said    at an event at the International Monetary Fund’s annual meeting. “Maybe they    were not at the best tables in society after that, but they’re still at the    best golf courses. That has to change.”
However, Mr Carney conceded it was not possible to prevent risky behaviour    through new remuneration measures alone, such as a limit to cash bonuses and    clawbacks. “It’s very hard to design compensation for systemic outcomes, to    internalise financial stability risks. So you need something more.”
Mr Carney’s broadside comes after it was reported that two    of HSBC’s most senior executives were poised to quit as part    of a pushback against new misconduct rules that mean reckless bankers face a    maximum jail sentence of seven years. While Mr Carney did not address the    resignations directly, he said regulators would not back down.
Related Articles
Wonga to write off £220m of customer debts
02 Oct 2014
“If you’re chair of an audit committee, you have responsibility for the    activities of an institution. And if you don’t think you can discharge that    responsibility, you shouldn’t be on that board.”
He said bankers who abused the Libor inter-bank lending rate had become “detached” from reality in their search for profits. “These are individuals    who were totally detached from what the ultimate purpose of what that    benchmark really is. It [became] a game between people within a square    mile.”
But Philipp Hildebrand, vice-chairman of Blackrock who joined Mr Carney on the    panel, warned that creating a “cops and robbers” situation where onerous    regulation and hefty fines prevented banks from conducting day-to-day    activities would also be counterproductive.
The Archbishop of Canterbury, the Most Rev Justin Welby, added: “It will be    very difficult and painful to change, but failure to change the leadership    and culture over the next five years … means that we will end up with a    financial services industry that is over-regulated, that is risk averse, and    therefore can’t oil the economy.” All agreed that a simple regulatory    framework should be put in place to ensure rules were clear and simple.
In a separate speech on Sunday, Mr Carney said global regulators had reached a “watershed” moment in ending “too big to fail” that would be presented at    next month’s G20 summit in Brisbane, Australia.
The world’s most powerful nations will agree a minimum capital buffer limit    for the biggest banks that Mr Carney said would establish a “level playing    field” that would help to stop taxpayer-funded bail-outs.
“Operating in a heads-I-win-tails-you lose bubble, the world’s largest banks    threatened the stability of the global financial system. Their bail-out    using public funds undermines market discipline and goes to the heart of    fairness in our societies,” he said. “This cannot be allowed to continue.”
 

World Service NewsdayYour current browser isn't compatible with SoundCloud.
Please download one of our supported browsers. Need help?

Cyclone Hudhud Named after Israel s National Bird HoopoeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

According to the GuardianEconomics
British duo in running for Nobel prize for economics
Sir Anthony Atkinson of Nuffield College and Princeton-based Angus Deaton are contenders for their work on inequality and wellbeing
Jump to comments (…)
University of Chicago professors Eugene  Fama and Lars Peter Hansen, who won the Nobel economics prize in 2013. They shared it with Yale University's Robert Shiller.  Photograph: UPI
The Nobel prize for economics will be awarded tomorrow and there are plenty of candidates in the running for the 8m Swedish krona (£775,000) award. Last year the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences shared the Sveriges Riksbank prize – the official name of the economics Nobel – between three men whose research into economic behaviour showed that markets can be distorted . Eugene Fama of the University of Chicago was rewarded for work showing that the market for financial advice is flawed and that stock picking is a mug’s game, undermining the claims of investment managers that their services deserve extraordinary rewards. Robert Shiller of Yale University wrote Animal Spirits: How Human Psychology Drives the Economy and Why It Matters for Global Capitalism. He tracked property prices, showing that bubbles are not self-correcting, but continue to grow until they crash. The third economist to share the prize was the University of Chicago’s Lars Peter Hansen, for his work on economic risk. This year’s potential winners include:
Marty Weitzman, Bill Nordhaus, William Baumol, Sir Partha Dasgupta
Environmental economics
Could environmental science be the flavour for 2014? It would give some momentum to next year’s global climate change talks in Paris and emphasise the recent warnings by US secretary of state John Kerry that global warming is a huge threat.
Harvard University’s Weitzman has examined the effects of carbon pricing. Nordhaus is an economics professor at Yale’s school of forestry and environmental studies while Baumol, who is 92, works at New York State University, where he has lobbied for the inclusion of environmental improvements in the national accounts. Dasgupta, an economics professor at Cambridge university, has examined the link between environmental improvements and wellbeing.
William Baumol
Health spending
Baumol again, but this time for work on health costs, which are escalating as western populations age and are kept alive for long periods in poor health. Baumol’s hypothesis in 1966 suggested that the costs of education and health care would continue to rise in relative terms, thereby creating significant economic problems. He could be considered visionary.
Sir Anthony Atkinson and Angus Deaton
Inequality, consumption and wellbeing
A British duo. They are mentioned as possible winners because inequality is the subject du jour following publication of Thomas Piketty’s hit book Capital earlier this year. Atkinson, A senior research fellow of Nuffield College, Oxford since 2005, Atkinson has an inequality index named after him. His book Public Economics in an Age of Austerity, was published this year. Deaton is known for his work on “health, wellbeing, and economic development”. He is the Dwight D Eisenhower professor of economics and international affairs at the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton. Deaton’s best known paper of recent times is “Income, Health, and Well-Being around the World: Evidence from the Gallup World Poll” in the Journal of Economic Perspectives, 2008. His most recent book, The Great Escape: health, wealth and the origins of inequality, was well-received when it was published last year.
Steve Ross
Financial pricing
This is a more technical area and the kind of ivory-tower, mathematical topic that many believe blinded economists to the oncoming financial crash. Nevertheless, MIT professor Ross is well-regarded and was awarded the $200,000 Onassis prize for finance in 2012. The citation said professor Ross is best known for having invented “arbitrage pricing theory” commonly used by traders. He is also celebrated as the co-discoverer of a method that reduces risk-taking when investing in derivatives.
Jean Tirole and Ariel Pakes
Corporate governance
Tirole is scientific director of industrial economics at Toulouse University, from where he has developed ideas about the impact of regulation on industrial organisations using game theory. A former MIT student, his book The Theory of Corporate Finance attempts to develop a unified theory governing how corporations operate in the modern era. Pakes, Thomas professor of economics at Harvard, has focused his research on the way technological change affects markets and the break-up of oligopolies affects regulation
Ken Rogoff and Carmen Reinhart
Financial crashes
Rogoff and Reinhart are Harvard economics professors, much admired by George Osborne. Their major contribution since the financial crisis has been to trace the history of financial collapses over the last 800 years. Rogoff has made many public appearances to denounce the early withdrawal of fiscal and monetary stimulus, especially by the EU. But a book by both that purported to show that large public-sector debt was a hindrance to growth was later found to be seriously flawed. They refined their research and came to the same conclusions, but the controversy tarnished their reputations.
Heidi Williams
Impact of technological change in healthcare markets
A professor at MIT, Williams studied at Oxford as a Rhodes scholar and is one of the few women mentioned as a potential winner. Still in her thirties, she is likely to be too young for consideration. But she has spend much of the last decade looking at health economics , which is a big subject in the US following implementation of the president’s Obamacare reforms.
Sign up for the Guardian Today
Our editors' picks for the day's top news and commentary delivered to your inbox each morning.

How Shiv Inder Singh s Rs 4-cr Firefox Bikes became a Rs 75-cr company in a decadebicycles
(Shiv Inder Singh (in pic),…)
I have always been a workaholic and could never imagine retiring at 60 the way most people do. At the same time, I had never thought of venturing out on my own till 2004, when I turned 55. Barely five years away from the average retirement age, I was looking at avenues to extend my work life. I enjoy the work that forces me to think differently and it had a lot to do with my initial years at The Doon School, Dehradun.
The entrepreneurial spirit had also been instilled while I was at the IIT Delhi campus as a civil engineering student and, later, at the Indian Institute of Foreign Trade, from where I did my post graduation.
I realised that the automobile and motorcycle sectors had witnessed a drastic change from the days of the Ambassador and Premier Padmini cars, and Rajdoot motorcycles. How ever, bicycles were still considered the common man's mode of transport and there had been no significant upgradation in this segment.
The young Indian was realising his ambition of owning international brands, but bicycles had still not caught his fancy. However, I was convinced that sooner or later people would catch on and, hence, decided to tap the early bird advantage. In April 2004, while attending a friend's wedding in New York, I was having a chat with my close friend, Pradip Mehrotra, who had a bicycle manufacturing facility in Taiwan. He asked me whether I would be interested in starting a business and despite my background in garment exports, which was completely different from bicycles, I agreed. It was just the kind of proposal I had been looking for and didn't want to let the chance go by.
Both of us pooled in money from our savings, and with `4 crore, we launched Firefox Bikes the same year. We set up office in Greater Noida and hired nearly 10 people. We intended to not only produce our own premium bikes under the Firefox brand, but also introduce imported bicycles.
The seed money was used to build showrooms, import bikes, tie up with franchisee stores and for brand promotion. I had travelled around the world in my line of work and knew the nitty-gritty of running a business. We did not conduct any pre-launch survey or test marketing because we were convinced that once we presented the customers with the complete range of competitively priced bikes, they would go for it. I believed in Steve Jobs's mantra: 'Even the customers do not know what they want till they are presented with what you have created'.
However, the going was tough for us initially because people did not accept the idea of riding premium and high-quality bikes. Besides, these bikes came at a premium of 40-50% over the existing brands available in the Indian market. In fact, some of the models had a price tag ranging from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 2.5 lakh. Still, we persisted with our strategy of identifying the target group and marketing to this group in a focused manner.
We started organising cycling events over the weekends and during one such event in Delhi, I met a representative of Trek Bicycle. It's one of the biggest bicycle makers in the world and a brand that is endorsed by Tour de France champion Lance Armstrong. The representative was impressed by our store and arranged a meeting with Trek officials. The company was keen to enter India but could not find a suitable partner. They realised that we would understand their cycles better than anyone here and gave us the rights to sell Trek bikes in the country. With Trek, Firefox's line-up in the premium and super-premium segment was complete.
  Currently, we sell 70 different models of Firefox bikes and 25 Trek models through a network of 160 company-owned and franchise outlets. We also have tie-ups with international brands, such as Tern, Shimano, Saris, Finishline, Slime, Warner Brothers and MTV.
In the first year of operations, we managed to sell just 1,200 bikes. Today, our efforts have borne fruit and Firefox has not only succeeded in changing people's mindset about biking, but has also introduced a cycling culture among various age groups. At present, Firefox sells over 7,000 bicycles a month and, in 2013-14, we posted an annual turnover of Rs 75 crore.
We have 110 employees and have been growing at a rate of 30-40% annually; the credit goes to our dealers and customers for providing the required support. We keep a close eye on the latest offerings in the international market and ensure that our products and technology are at par with these.
For instance, we have recently launched Maximus, a 29er mountain bike. We plan to expand and diversify further with 35 outlets in this financial year and expect to cross the Rs100 crore mark soon.
(As told to Samarpan Dutta)
FEATURED ARTICLES

MediaTek unveils 4G LTE chipset for IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections > Lenovo
MediaTek unveils 4G LTE chipset for India, takes on Qualcomm
PTI Oct 13, 2014, 04.16PM IST
Tags:
4G
(The firm expects to sell…)
NEW DELHI: Eyeing the higher margin premium smartphone market in India, MediaTek today unveiled its 4G LTE chipset 'MT6595' through which the chip maker aims to take on its rival Qualcomm's Snapdragon 800 chipset family.
The Taiwan-headquartered firm claims the chip is world's first octa-core 4G LTE System on Chip (SoC), which was first announced in February this year.
The firm expects to sell around 300 million chips this year, out of which 30 million will be 4G LTE chips. But, this will further increase in 2015 and 2016 with more markets including that in India transitioning to 4G LTE technology.
"MT6595 is for the premium range of handsets. We have a very strong background in multi-media and this chip will give users an unmatched experience on their handsets," MediaTek General Manager, Corporate Sales International, Finbarr Moynihan told PTI.
The firm is looking at the premium smartphone segment in India, which starts from Rs 20,000 and through this it will take on US-based chipmaker Qualcomm's Snapdragon 800 family, he added.
When asked about the Indian handset makers, who will be launching their products featuring MT6595, Moynihan said, "We are talking with some local brands on this. Globally, Lenovo has already come out with a device featuring this chip."
MediaTek is focused on delivering a full range of 4G LTE platform in India and the MT6596 is the first of many to arrive, he added.
"MT6595 SoC promises a premium user experience with 4G connectivity, superior multi-tasking performance and an excellent sustained performance-per-watt," he said.
The fabless semiconductor maker has already announced an investment of USD 200 million in India and recently launched a facility in Bangalore to boost its research and development capabilities. It already has a R&D facility in Noida.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Aegis to set up centre for analytics and social media in AustraliaAegis to set up centre for analytics and social media in Australia
BS Reporter | Pune Oct 13, 2014 04:18 PM IST
The business process management arm of Essar Group, Aegis, today announced the setting up of its Asia Pacific hub for analytics, social media and multilingual capabilities in Melbourne, Australia.
Aegis will invest $4 million to establish the centre which will create employment upto 550.
The centre is being established in collaboration with the Government of Vitoria. The hub will be equipped to provide a full range of business analytics, social media and multi-channel customer experience solutions across the value chain ranging from customer management, data management to social and digital media engagement, predictive and prescriptive analytics across multiple industries.
"Around 200 new jobs will be created next year, and an additional 350 jobs in 2016. This expansion will see Aegis Services Australia (Aegis) establish Victoria as its Asia-Pacific hub for business processing outsourcing," said Victorian Premier Denis Napthine.
Aegis has been in Australia since 2009 with the acquisition of the UCMS Group. The establishment of the centre is part of the companies plan to scale its presence in countries where it has customers.
Global CEO of Aegis, Sandip Sen, said the venture marked a milestone for the company.
"These are exciting times for Aegis Australia. We are investing a significant amount in up-skilling our operations to better deliver the high-end services our customers expect," Sen said.
The capabilities that will be based at the Aegis' Melbourne center will expand existing local skillsets in sales and marketing, customer management, multi-channel and lingual capabilities, social business, quality assurance and operations management, data management and analytics and larger scale BPM services.

Sebi bars DLF  chairman KP Singh from securities market for 3 yrsYou are here: Home > Collections
SEBI bars DLF, KP Singh & five top executives from entering securities markets for 3 years
Reena Zachariah, ET Bureau Oct 14, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
DLF
(In a statement late Monday…)
MUMBAI: India's largest builder DLF, which has been in the centre of a political storm for its alleged dealings with Robert Vadra, has now received a body blow from the capital market watchdog Sebi. DLF, its Chairman KP Singh, some members of the promoter family and a few senior executives have been barred from dealing in stocks and securities for three years by Sebi.
The regulatory action stems from the DLF management's failure to disclose material information to investors during the firm's maiden equity offer in 2007. The Sebi order dated October 10 was uploaded on the regulator's website well after trading hours on Monday when realty stocks such as DLF and Unitech fell 4% while others like Sobha Developers, Godrej Properties and Phoenix Mills rose. Option traders who may have had a whiff of the bad news took positions during the day. Singh's son Rajiv — vice-chairman of the real estate company — and daughter Pia — a whole-time director in the firm — are among those barred from accessing the securities market.
DLF is likely to challenge the order before the Securities Appellate Tribunal, a quasi judicial body.
The controversy that culminated in the final Sebi order was sparked just before DLF launched its IPO.
A few days before the Rs 9,187.5-crore IPO opened in 2007, Sebi had received complaints from one Kimsuk Krishna Sinha, who alleged that DLF group entity Sudipti Estates and other persons had duped him of Rs 34 crore in a land deal.
The complainant, Kimsuk Krishna Sinha, had pointed out that Sudipti had only two shareholders — DLF Home Developers and DLF Estate Developers — which were wholly owned subsidiaries of DLF. The DLF management had then denied that Sudipti was part of the group. Sinha subsequently filed a writ petition before the Delhi High Court, which then directed Sebi to examine the matter. At the high court's direction, Sebi issued show-cause notices (SCN) to DLF and its seven senior officials. The regulator alleged the company and the officials concerned had used a complex corporate structure to disassociate Sudipti from DLF.
Thus, Sudipti did not figure in the IPO prospectus of DLF. "The Noticees actively and knowingly suppressed several material information and facts in the red herring prospectus (RHP)/prospectus leading to misstatements in the RHP/prospectus so as to mislead and defraud the investors in securities market in connection with the issue of shares of DLF," said the Sebi order, which includes the response of DLF and its directors.
In a statement late Monday evening, DLF denied any wrong-doing and said its actions were guided by advice from lawyers and merchant bankers.
"DLF and its board wish to reassure its investors and all other stakeholders that it has not acted in contravention of law either during its initial public offer or otherwise. DLF and its board were guided by and acted on the advice of eminent legal advisors, merchant bankers and audit firms while formulating its offer documents. DLF will defend itself to the fullest extent against any adverse findings and measures contained in the order passed by Sebi. DLF has full faith in the judicial process and is confident of vindication of its stand in the near future."
In his response to Sebi, which is quoted in the order, KP Singh said the show-cause notice was issued to him in his capacity as DLF chairman and there was no allegation of any wrong-doing on his part. Also, he said, there was no concept of strict or vicarious liability under Section 11 of the Sebi Act which would enable the regulator to issue directions against directors in the absence of any specific allegations against them.
Singh's legal representative also submitted that given the complexity and specialised nature of the IPO process and his advanced age of 82 years, Singh relied on the advice of various experts involved in the process such as merchant bankers, and acted in a bona fide manner on such expert advice. Leading investment banks such as DSP Merrill Lynch, Kotak, Citi, Lehman, Deutsche Equities, ICICI Securities, UBS and SBI Capital Markets were associated with the IPO.
"It's an excellent order clearly establishing the fact that in the eyes of law, no one is big or small," said JN Gupta, founder & MD, Stakeholders Empowerment Services. In its order, Sebi said DLF continued to be in control of the board of directors of Sudipti and related entities such as Shalika and Felicite, which remained its subsidiaries even after the purported transfer of shareholding in them on November 29-30, 2006. Thus, according to Sebi, the three companies were related parties and DLF had failed to disclose its related party transactions.
"Sebi has sent the right message to those who think they (can) get (away) by violating regulations and suppressing information," said Huzefa Nasikwala of Nasikwala Law Office. "I would like to see more stringent action from the market regulator in coming days." Sebi's whole-time member Rajeev Kumar Agarwal, who signed the order, said, "I, therefore, find that the purported transfers of shareholding in the said three companies were sham transactions devised as aplan, scheme, design and device to camouflage the association of DLF with these three companies as holding-subsidiary."
FEATURED ARTICLES

EC teams seize over Rs 2.85 cr cash  liquor in HaryanaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Shashi Tharoor sacked from AICC spokesperson post | I accept the decision: TharoorThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

TV18 Broadcast reports 4 fold jump in Q2 consolidated net profitThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Kirloskar Brothers Investments: Board to consider interim dividendThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hudhud havoc: India miss out on top ODI spotThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Burdwan blast: NIA to seek custody of accusedThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

V-Mart to have up to 200 stores in next four yearsV-Mart to have up to 200 stores in next four years
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 13, 2014 04:16 PM IST
Multi-brand retail chain V-Mart is aiming to expand its store network up to 200 in non-metro cities in next four years by adding upto 25 stores every year.
The company, which primarily retails apparels in tier 2 and 3 cities, has also plans to expand in the North East and Southern regions.
"We would double our size in next three to four years. We would keep adding 25-30 stores every year in our network," V-Mart Retail Chairman and MD Lalit Agarwal told PTI.
He further added "We aspire to have 114 stores in our network by the end of this fiscal."
V-Mart, which today opened its 100th stores in Patna plans to continue to add more stores at smaller places.
It has plans to add new stores in Lucknow, Allahabad and foray in places like Kishanganj, Purnia in Bihar and some places in West Bengal during this fiscal.
Presently, it is operating in 86 cities in 12 states.
According to Agarwal, the company is investing around Rs 2.5-3 crore to add a new store in its network.
"Right now we are gradually expanding in East. Then we would move to North-East and in places like Assam, Bengal and Odisha. We have a cluster-based format and would move down south in phases," Agarwal said.
The company, which is expanding at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of over 30 per cent, has sufficient funds for its expansion, he said.
"As of now, the company has sufficient reserve and is generating funds to meet its expansion. Till a CAGR of 30 per cent, the company can meet its expansion through its existing funds and internal accruals. When we want to grow beyond 30 per cent then we would need funds," he added.
The company is focusing on apparels. Out of 100 stores, it is selling FMCG and other product in 34 stores only.
"Now all the new stores have only apparels. They are a family fashion store. We think that fashion and FMCG don't gel together," he said.
On being asked whether the company would have exclusive tie-up with any leading fashion designer, Agarwal said, "We are following the trend and trying to make it affordable. Our market base is little different. It is mid and aspiring income group.

After JLaw called hack attack sex crime  nude pics posted on WikipediaAfter JLaw called hack attack sex crime, nude pics posted on Wikipedia
Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 08, 2014
First Published: 16:11 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 12:00 IST(10/10/2014)
Two of Jennifer Lawrence's leaked nude images were posted on her Wikipedia page on Tuesday night. The pictures, however, were also deleted within 20 minutes of getting posted.
Jennifer Lawrence's green earrings stood out against her pale-coloured dress.
This incident, perhaps, comes as a retaliation from the side of the hackers after Lawrence broke her silence on October 7 about the 'sexual violation' that she and other celebs endured, in an interview in Vanity Fair’s November issue.
Also read: Jennifer Lawrence breaks silence on nude photo leak, calls it 'sex crime'
"It is not a scandal. It is a sex crime," Lawrence said in the interview. "I was just so afraid. I didn’t know how this would affect my career," she said about her stolen-photos saga.
"Just because I'm a public figure, just because I'm an actress, does not mean that I asked for this," she told the magazine, which will be available online on Wednesday.
Also read: Exhibition featuring Jennifer Lawrence's leaked nude images cancelled
The Oscar winning actor is one of the many celebrity victims of the latest image-hacking scandal which also targeted Kim Kardashian, Rihanna, Cara Delevingne, Victoria Justice, Kirsten Dunst, Kate Upton and Ariana Grande.
A feminist blog, Jezebel reported that the account was not associated with any Wikipedia editors, but was rather a sock puppet – a fake page made to look like it’s legitimate.
The images were originally posted on imageboard website 4chan in August this year.

Vishal Bharadwaj s Haider isnt just  cry freedom   its Gandhian plea for peaceVishal Bharadwaj's Haider isn’t just 'cry freedom', it’s Gandhian plea for peace
Nivedita Mishra , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 08, 2014
First Published: 15:42 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 15:51 IST(10/10/2014)
Comments
This Friday that went saw the release of Vishal Bharadwaj’s Haider , arguably one of the most important films this year. Given its subject and its treatment, the film has landed itself in controversy with people either liking it or denouncing it.
  
For those who loved it, its searing portrayal of human drama is worth a million words of praise. For those opposed to it, this film should not be patronised as it shows the Indian Army in bad light.
Between these polarities, lies a work of fiction which mirrors reality from the prism of an underdog. But given its complexity, intensity and relevance, it makes for a compulsive viewing.
Is it anti India? It is anti Indian Army? Well, the simple answer is no. What it does is show us the mirror. The picture isn’t exactly pretty but therein lies an opportunity for change.
5 reasons why we must watch Haider .
1. Haider is Hamlet... well, almost
Hamlet remains one of the best known works of the Bard and possibly his most difficult. While there is no dearth of adaptations, what makes Vishal’s Haider so special is its seamlessness with the setting, sounds and moods.
Of course, Hamlet is a classic because it remains relevant beyond the realm of time and age. But it takes talent to see a fit and Vishal does that well. What's better is Vishal convincingly gives its Bollywood makeover.
Hamlet works on two scales – its internal conflicts and the disturbed state of existence in which the story unfolds. In choosing to set his Haider in Kashmir, Vishal has cast the dice right. He could have chosen Manipur but given his Hindi-speaking audience, he chooses wisely.
 
It brings out Hamlet’s core emotions well – revenge, betrayal, abuse of power, justice and espionage. The internal conflict is adapted well, if possibly underplayed at times. The Oedipal complex, for instance, has been toned down to suit Indian sensibilities.
The sexual conflict is hinted, never explored. Haider is not merely seeking ‘intequaam’ for his father’s death, he is clearly unwilling to share his mother. He possibly lusts for her too. In a scene where she is getting dressed to be a bride again, Haider kisses his mother (and no it isn’t exactly a son’s peck) and exclaims (Zeher khoobsurat hain aap…).
Khurram as the ambitious and manipulative Claudius gets the tone right. Ghazala as Gertrude undergoes changes from the original. Here, her choices are more circumstantial than in the original. Roohdaar as his dead father’s ghost makes way for a shadowy character as a separatist. The Indian State, Pervez Lone and Ikhwan (the pro-government militia) are naturally the ‘rotten state of Denmark’.
Shakespeare’s famous lament: Something is rotten in the state of Denmark is perfectly reflected in the ugliness of the conflict as it unfolds in 1995.
2. Less a Shakspearean tragedy, more a political film with Gandhian plea for peace
This is Vishal Bharadwaj’s most political film. In choosing Kashmir, he was making a conscious attempt to bring the conflict into our homes. In setting his tale in 1995, he decides to debate the conflict in its darkest hour.
Cry freedom: In choosing Basharat Peer to script his tale, Bharadwaj has chosen to put before us the insider’s perspective – the good, the bad and the ugly. All the characters are Kashmiris and are not cardboard cut-outs.
Kashmiri identity: The over-arching desire to reclaim one’s identity is all too apparent. The 'chutzpah’ dialogue and the street scene where an almost-deranged Haider delivers a monologue on ASFPA {Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act, 1958} is a case in point.
AFSPA: Because it is an insider account, for most parts, AFSPA is a demon which is quite natural. While Indian Army are shown as those who abuse power, Vishal Bhardwaj stops short of pointing fingers.
Civilian disappearances: The film does bring to the forefront what conflict does to common people with too many cases of missing persons.
Gandhian pitch: In the ocean of negativity, Bharadwaj certainly doesn’t forget to give us a Gandhian insight. It may be fleeting, but there is a clear message that violence begets violence. In Haider’s final renouncement of violence lies the moral rectitude of the film.
3. The Kashmir tragedy is all too palpable if flawed
Haider’s biggest drawback is it gives only one perspective and generalises it. In presenting a ‘majoritarian’ Kashmiri perspective, Bharadwaj has completely ignored the Kashmiri pandits. Do the 3 lakh pandits (conservative estimate) who fled the valley have no rights to the land of their ancestors? Why is the Indian perspective so skewed?
Kashmir with its Muslim present, Buddhist and Hindu pasts has an umbilical chord relationship with India. Why should that be merely a Indian nationalistic perspective alone? Then, there is the Pakistani angle, which sees Kashmir as an unfinished agenda of partition. Even the much-disliked Ikhwan (pro government militia) might have a story to tell.
However, despite its restricted perspective the film makes a strong pitch for the relevance of AFSPA today. Should a law this harsh still be around? Is there a need to lower its severity depending on the threat perception? Should the law be relaxed in urban areas, just a bit? These are points the Indian administration ought to reflect upon.
Ditto for civilian disappearances. It is hard to imagine how a conflict will not throw up such challenges. The onus of avoiding such situations should also lie with people who form the genesis, its core constituents. Having said that, it certainly affords an opportunity to the establishment to see if anything could have been done differently to minimise the human cost of the conflict.
Must a sympathiser be meted out the same treatment as a hardened criminal? Should the quantum of punishment be the same for a terrorist and his support system? These are some difficult questions that Haider throws up.
Book versus film: Book lovers will sulk; they might not fancy ‘seeing’ Hamlet as much as they'd love reading it. Given that the medium is different, many of the famous soliloquies and monologues give way to empty stares and song and dance sequences. That might not work for many.
4. Because sterling performances bring alive conflicts
The film works for its brilliant performances. Shahid Kapoor as Haider sinks his teeth into the role, reflecting the confusion, pain and its madness with palpable passion. His Haider veers dangerously between doubt, despair and delirium with effortless ease.
Tabu’s Gertrude isn’t as guiltless as Shakespeare’s heroine. Ghazala is as much a product of the conflict as she is driven by her differences with her former husband and son. As a woman desiring nothing more that sliver of normalcy in a strive-torn state, Ghazala isn't as opportunistic as Gertrude is. Tabu packs an ace as a woman torn between her own desires and her over-arching love for her son.
KK Menon as Claudius brings all the shades of the grey to his character. His Claudius isn’t easily despicable yet the viewer’s inner loathing for a slimy character with dishonest intent is all too apparent.
5. Not such a picture perfect Kashmir, but no less striking
Haider’s Kashmir doesn’t cut a pretty picture. For most part it is dull and grey and works pretty much like another character. The Dal lake looks murky, the snow is blood-stained and there’s hardly any sunlight. Beauty couldn’t have been more harsh and painful. Srinagar isn’t the town of shikaras and gardens. It’s dirty lanes are slippery and dangerous.

RBI should lay down criteria for cos handling ATM cash: IBARBI should lay down criteria for cos handling ATM cash: IBA
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 12, 2014 12:15 PM IST
In order to streamline the cash management system, Indian Banks' Association (IBA) has suggested the Reserve Bank to lay down minimum networth criteria for companies engaged in replenishing cash at ATM machines.
Banks must enforce minimum eligibility standards as part of their Request for Proposal (RFP) process, IBA said in a report submitted to RBI.
"Only Cash Replenishment Agencies (CRAs) compliant with minimum eligibility standards should be considered fit for outsourcing of services by banks either directly or through MSPs (Managed Service Providers of ATMs)," it said.
A minimum financial networth of Rs 5 crore is fixed for any organisation inclined to undertake cash management services outsourcing work on behalf of the banks, it said.
"However, in view of large quantum of cash load and risk that CRA agencies undertake as also the investment requirements in vaults and cash vans towards risk mitigation, greater financial networth requirement is mandated for CRA agencies to undertake operations on a larger scale," it said.
Recommending financial standards, the report said, a company of networth of not less than Rs 5 crore should be allowed to operate up to 50 cash vans and firms with networth of Rs 25 crore, 51 to 200 cash vans.
Company with networth of 100 crore can operate more than 500 cash vans, it said.
"Defining guidelines for cash managemnt operations will help all operators mitigate risk and improve productivity," said Rituraj Sinha MD SIS Prosegur, a cash logistic company.
Industry welcomes the initiative by RBI to introduce outsourcing guidelines for cash management operations by banks, Sinha who happens to be president Cash Logistics Association of India (CLAI) said.
The report also recommended that banks shall ensure that currency for ATM replenishment are supplied as per clean note policy of the RBI.
To contain instances of reconciliation related disputes Banks, MSPs and CRAs must ensure that end to end reconciliation of all cash transactions are done on a weekly basis, it said.
All disputed transactions must be reconciled and settled as done by two financial institutions asper guidelines issued by the RBI, it added.

Life beyond gender politicsUpdated: October 12, 2014 17:40 IST
Life beyond gender politics
The Hindu Men dressed up as women in Haryana. Photo: Meeta Ahlawat
TOPICS
culture (general)
A look at the social stereotypes in Haryana
“Haryana has no culture, only agriculture.”By saying this, I always joke about my ethnic identity; which apart from being an Indian, is supposed to be identified as a ‘Haryanvi Jaat’. My association with the latter ethnicity ends right there. I have been lucky to get away from the restricting cultural norms of my ethnicity and I got the chance to be shaped in a cosmopolitan mould through education, career and by making a choice to live in New Delhi.
The term ‘Haryanvi Jaat’ evokes an image of a man lazing on a charpoy, smoking a hookah and a veiled woman who carries on her head a basket containing buffalo dung while traversing through the verdant fields. Well, all that is true. People are usually in derogatory awe of Haryanvis. For the umpteenth time, I came across all these socio-cultural stereotypes when I recently visited Haryana as a photo journalist. It suffocates me as a woman because a part of my identity comes from here. ‘Haryana is misogynist’ is a mild statement. In Haryana, the sight of a woman is rare. You can easily spot a group of men instead, who dress up in long skirts, carefully revealed bra straps, wear awful makeup and pair it with sports shoes. They dance like ‘jananis’ and enjoy the humiliating jeer of the male bystanders. This reflects how men in Haryana have created a hostile environment for women in society at large and in the wombs of the same women they hate. Haryana is also notorious for female foeticide. The sex ratio in Haryana is 879/1000, well below the national average of 940/1000.
Haryana is a fine example of being exploitative towards women. In Haryana, it is common to spot a man lazing on a charpoy, smoking a hookah and sunbathing in chilly winter afternoons. He is a lion, mind you! Only lions laze around and make their female counterparts hunt. The Haryanvi women refill the hookahs for men; take care of household chores, rear children and buffaloes in the same fashion. They labour in the fields and walk long distances to fetch water.
Once the ‘lions of Haryana’ have adequately warmed their bones in the sun; they prune in front of the mirror to look ‘important’. Indians have a child-like mentality to associate the colour white with purity and higher social status. Haryanvis mirror the same mentality in their microcosm.
Over many years of being hated and exploited; women have developed the same sense of volcanic hatred towards men. They get exploited and hatred with the intention of returning the favour to the men. Holi is an Indian festival of colours and reflects joie-de-vivre. Well the festive joy is incomplete in Haryana, unless the women don’t whip men by hose-pipes. It is a sordid custom formed by Haryanvi women to wrap hose-pipes in cloth, dampen it in water and beat up men on the day of the festival. It is on that day, they have the right to beat up whomever they want to. It is catharsis for the year long trauma they face from those they beat up during the festival of Holi.
The sluggish and barren landscape of Haryana, the depressing state of women and the overall suffocating socio-cultural confines leave me sad about the immediate future of the State and its people.
As I prep my camera for photographs and coolly ignore the vulgar comments of people around me; I know in my heart that there will be a better day in the future. I just hope it comes sooner.

Cyclone Hudhud makes landfall: As it happenedIchapuram records 139 m.m. rainfall
5:27 pm: Cyclone Hudhud loses speed; winds now blowing at 120-130 kmph: IMD
3:08 pm: Andhra Cricket Association secretary Gokaraju Gangaraju says the Indian and West Indies cricket team will reach Visakhapatnam on Monday if weather-conditions improves. (Read full story )
3.00 pm The Odisha State government is gearing up to face possible flood situation which could be caused by heavy rain under influence of ‘Hudhud’ over next 36 hours. (Read full story )
“The wind speed was expected between 90 kmph and 120 kmph in Malakanagiri, Gajapati, Korpaput, Ganjam and Rayagada districts. But the speed as being reported from all districts was varying between 50 and 60 kmph,” said P.R. Mohapatra, Deputy Special Relief Commissioner here on Sunday.
“The intensity of rainfall was also not in the range as was being apprehended. In Ganjam and Gajapati dustricts, during past 24 hours, average 30 mm rainfall had been recorded compared to 50 mm in north coastal districts. However, we are expecting heavy rain during next 36 hours,” Mr. Mohapatra said.
2.50 pm People of East Godavari district are in the grip of fear due to heavy rains along with strong winds from Sunday morning in coastal areas and in upland areas like Tuni and Tondangi mandals.
2.29 pm Gusty winds, uprooted trees, torn roofs of hutments and sheds and snapped electric cables bore testimony to the impact of severe cyclonic storm ‘Hudhud’ which hit Andhra Pradesh’s coastal districts.
2.28 pm Casualty in cyclone Hudhud rose to two in Odisha with a fresh death reported from Puri on Sunday.
2.06 pm Prime Minister Narendra Modi called the Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister, N. Chandrababu Naidu and enquired about the situation in the State after the cyclone Hudhud crossed the coast near Visakhapatnam.
2.05 pm Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh assured the Chief Ministers of Odisha and Andhra Pradesh of full assistance from the central government to face any situation arising from cyclonic storm ‘Hudhud’
2.05 pm Cyclone Hudhud, which hit Andhra Pradesh coast, has also disrupted the functioning of the Visakhapatnam Cyclone Warning Centre. The centre lost contact with the radar, which was tracking the cyclone for the last two days.
1.55 pm As Cyclone ‘Hudhud’ made its landfall in Vishakhapatnam, the NDRF doubled the strength of its teams stationed in the port city to 13 in order to undertake swift relief and rescue operations.
1:39 pm Customers in Odisha can call 1948 and those in Andhra Pradesh can call 1949.
1:38 pm Telecom major Airtel has set up a helpline number to help people know last location of their friends and relatives in case they are affected by cyclone Hudhud approaching coastal area of Odisha and Andhra Pradesh.
1:24 pm Operations at Visakhapatnam and Gangavaram ports are paralysed.
1:21 pm On the communication front, except for mobile network with frequent call drops, the region is left with no other source. Similar is the scenario in the neighbouring Vijayanagaram and Srikakulam districts.
1:17 pm In view of cancellation and diversion of trains due to cyclone, East Coast Railway made special arrangement for opening of Passenger Reservation System (PRS) Counters till 2200 hrs instead of 1400 hrs today at important stations in order to help the passengers in getting refund.
1:15 pm Outer edge of Hudhud makes landfall at Kailasagiri in Vizag
12:35 pm PMO monitoring situation arising out of the cyclone on an hourly basis: IMD Chief
12:28 pm Video: After crossing coast Cyclone Hudhud will maintain intensity: IMD
12:26 pm Northern coastal districts of Andhra Pradesh will see heavy rain and high speed winds, says L.S. Rathore, DG, IMD.
12:25 pm Eastern Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh will also see rainfall.
12:24 pm Cycone Hudhud is just crossing Vizag at speed of 170-180kmph gusting up to 190kmph. Wind speed will come down by 50 per cent in 6 hours.
11:56 am The authorities have evacuated 90,013 people across the four districts of Srikakulam, Vizianagaram, Visakhaptnam and East Godavari.
11:54 am Helpline number Cyclone Hudhud: Andhra Pradesh - 9849904019, 0853 - 2234870,2234301; Sambalpur - 0663-2533037, 8455886999; Visakhapatnam - 0891-2842415
11:51 am Two killed in rain-related incidents in coastal Andhra Pradesh
11:36 am The Indian Air Force has tasked Headquarters Training Command, Bangalore to be the nodal agency for all relief operations in connection with severe cyclone Hudhud.
11:35 am Army columns are positioned at Visakhapatnam and Srikakulam with power boats and other equipment for rescue and relief. Six helicopters have been positioned in the Naval base at Visakhapatnam.
11:34 am As many as 19 National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) teams (each consisting of 45—50 members) were deployed in the four districts.
11:33 am Andhra Pradesh government has identified 356 villages in 59 mandals of the four districts as cyclone—prone. More than 300 relief camps have been opened.
Observed and forcast track as provided by the IMD.
11:13 am Did you know, of the 35 deadliest storms in recorded history, 27 have come through the Bay of Bengal and have landed in either India or Bangladesh?
11:11 am Navy has dispatched five diving teams to Srikakulam for rescue and relief operations.
11:10 am Two killed in rain-related incidents in Visakhapatnam and Srikakulam districts under influence of severe cyclonic storm Hudhud.
11:08 am Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth to chair meeting of National Crisis Management Committee at 11:30 am
11:03 am Hudhud cyclone touches Visakapatnam coast at Kailashgiri.
Hudhud cyclone touches Visakapatnam coast: Rainfall on Oct 12 - Srikakulam 68.2 mm, ichapuram :139 m.m 10:55am - 12 Oct 14
— Vijayawada Connect (@VjaConnect) October 12, 2014
Trees seen uprooted in Visakhapatnam as Cyclone Hudhud make a landfall on Sunday. Photo: Nivedita Ganguly
10:59 am Coastal weather bulletin for northern Andhra Pradesh: Wind: mainly north-easterly fifteen to twenty knots in thundershowers thirty knots; Weather: Scattered rain or thundershowers; Visibility: Moderate becoming poor in rain very poor in thundershowers; State of Sea slight to moderate; Port Signals Distant warning signal number two kept hoisted at Gangavaram and Kakinada ports Distant warning signal number two kept hoisted at Visakhapatnam port
10:52 am Except East Godavari, power entirely failed in the three districts of Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam (which are expected to bear the brunt). There were gale winds. The situation is very severe.
10:51 am Strong winds and heavy rains led to large-scale disruption of power lines in three coastal districts of Andhra Pradesh as the state braced for Hudhud, a very severe cyclonic storm that is expected to hit the coast around noon.
Difficult to withstand terrifying wind speed as our team braves the steadily deteriorating weather to cover the #CycloneHudhud . @the_hindu
— Nivedita Ganguly (@nivi15) October 12, 2014
#Hudhud : Authorities fear heavy rain, devastation In Malkangiri, Odisha after #Hudhud landfall. 25 cm rain predicted @the_hindu
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) October 12, 2014
10:32 am The IMD bulletin at 9:30 HRS: The Very Severe Cyclonic Storm ‘HUDHUD’ over westcentral Bay of Bengal moved west-northwestwards with a speed of about 15 kmph during the last 06 hours and lay centered at 0830 hours IST of 12th October 2014 near latitude 17.4ºN and longitude 83.8ºE, about 60 km east-southeast of Visakhapatnam. The system would move west-northwestwards and cross north Andhra Pradesh coast close to Visakhapatnam around noon of today, the 12th October 2014.
10:27 am According to Odisha Special Relief Commissioner 27,286 persons were shifted to 457 shelters in five districts. In Malkanagiri, 1,700 people belonging to primitive ‘Bonda’ Tribe were claimed to have been evacuated from Bonda hills.
10:25 am Strong wind close to about 50 kmph and heavy rain started in southern Odisha districts with very severe cyclonic storm Hudhud nearing the coast from Sunday morning. Full story
10:17 am Authorities in north coastal Andhra Pradesh comprising Srikakulam, Vijayanagaram and Visakhapatnam districts and adjoining coastal districts of east and west Godavari are on high alert as the cyclone is likely to cause massive destruction. Nearly 400,000 people have been evacuated to relief camps in five districts.
The HinduFood being served in a relief camp set up at Mangamaripeta near Bheemli in Visakhapatnam district on Saturday. Photo: K.R. Deepak
10:09 am “The storm over west central Bay of Bengal moved northwestwards with a speed of about 8 kmph during the last nine hours and lay centered 240 km south-southwest of Gopalpur. Under its influence, southern districts Ganjam, Gajapati, Malkanagiri, Koraput and Rayagada have already started to receive heavy rain,” informed Sarat Sahu, Director of Bhubaneswar Meteorological Centre.
10:06 am Fisherwomen pray for the relief from cyclonic storm Hudhud in Srikakulam on Saturday.
PTIFisherwomen pray for the relief from cyclonic storm Hudhud in Srikakulam on Saturday. Photo: PTI
09:58 am Indian Navy prepares for Cyclone Hudhud
09:54 am At 0830 HRS IST of today, very sevrere cyclonic storm Hudhud is located 60 km east-southeast of Visakhapatnam and is likely to cross North Andhra Pradesh close to Visakhapatnam around noon with a wind speed of 170-180 KMPH gusting to 195 KMPH.
09:52 am The IMD has predicted that the sea condition would be phenomenal along & off north Andhra Pradesh coast and high along & off south Odisha and south Andhra Pradesh coast during next 24 hours.
09:47 am The MET department warned that storm surge of about 1-2 metres above astronomical tide would inundate low lying areas of Visakhapatnam, Vijayanagaram and Srikakulam districts of north coastal Andhra Pradesh at the time of landfall.
Courtesy: IMDThis satellite image provided by INSAT 3D satellite at 8:30 IST.
09:41 am In the past, out of 10 recorded cases of very heavy loss of life (ranging from about 40,000 to well over 2,00,000) in the world due to tropical cyclones, 9 cases were in the Bay of Bengal and the Arabian Sea (5 in Bangladesh and 3 in India and 1 in Myanmar). Source: IMD
09:40 am The northern part of the Bay of Bengal is known for its potential to generate dangerous high storm tides, a major killer when associated with cyclonic storms.
09:34 am Heavy rains disrupt normal life in Srikakulam
09:30 am The wind speed would gradually increase to 170—180 kmph gusting to 195 kmph around the time of landfall along and off north Andhra Pradesh (East Godavari, Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam districts) and 80—90 kmph along and off adjoining districts of Andhra Pradesh (West Godavari & Krishna districts) and south Odisha (Ganjam, Gajapati, Koraput and Malkangiri districts).
09:29 am Odisha Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik has held a review meeting in the wake of the 'Cyclone Hudhud' alert issued for the state.
09:21 am According to the Met department the very severe cyclone Hudhud is over 60 km away from Visakhapatnam.
09:14 am
High tidal waves lashing the coast. People throng the beach to see the huge waves. @VizagConnect @the_hindu #cyclone pic.twitter.com/r44rXtbxEt
— Nivedita Ganguly (@nivi15) October 11, 2014
09:10 am Several areas in Visakhapatnam plunge into darkness. Extremely strong winds and rain lash city, says Nivedita Ganguly.
At least 15 trees have fallen along the All India Radio station road blocking complete access to the Beach Road in #Vizag . #CycloneHudhud
— Nivedita Ganguly (@nivi15) October 12, 2014
09:08 am Heavy gales and rain under the influence of very severe cyclonic storm Hudhud forces million plus residents in Visakhapatnam stay indoors, says Visakhapatnam correspondent Santosh Kumar Patnaik.
08:40 am Except East Godavari, power entirely failed in the three districts of Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam (which are expected to bear the brunt).
08:34 am List of trains cancelled, diverted The trains cancelled are:
No.12805 Visakhapatnam – Secunderabad Janmabhoomi Express scheduled to leave Visakhapatnam on Sunday between Visakhapatnam and Tenali and the pairing train No.12806 Secunderabad – Visakhapatnam Janmabhoomi Express arriving at Visakhapatnam on Sunday between Tenali and Visakhapatnam;
No.17240 Visakhapatnam – Narasapur/Guntur Simhadri Express; 22203 Visakhkapatnam – Secunderabad ‘Duranto’Express;
No.12739 Visakhapatnam – Secunderabad Garibrath Express; No.18519 Visakhapatnam – Mumbai-LTT (via Bhimavaram) (all on Sunday);
No. 08508 Renigunta – Visakhapatnam Jansadharan Express leaving Renigunta on Monday; No.00852 Bangalore Cantonment - Bhubaneswar Premium Special leaving Bangalore on Sunday;
No.18517 Korba – Visakhapatnam Express arriving Visakhapatnam on Sunday;
No.17487 Tirupati – Visakhapatnam Tirumala Express arriving at Visakhapatnam on Sunday;
No. 22872 Tirupati – Bhubaneswar Weekly Superfast Express leaving Tirupati on Monday;
No.18006 Jagdalpur – Howrah Samaleswar Express leaving Jagdalpur on Sunday between Jagdalpur and Titlagarh;
No.18108 Koraput – Rourkela Express leaving Koraput Sunday between Koraput and Rayagada;
No.12728 Hyderabad – Visakhapatnam Godavari Express arriving at Visakhapatnam on Sunday;
No.18402 Okha – Puri Weekly Express leaving Okha on Tuesday, passing through Visakhapatnam and arriving at Puri on Friday.
Diverted trains
No.22612 New Jalpaiguri – Chennai Central passing through Visakhapatnam on Sunday will run via Khurda Road, Barang, Titlagarh, Nagpur and Balharshah;
No.22614 Haldia – Chennai Central Weekly express passing Visakhapatnam on Sunday will run via Khurda Road, Barang, Titlagarh, Nagpur, Balharshah;
No.13352 Alleppy – Tatanagar/Dhanbad Express arriving Visakhapatnam on Sunday will run via Vijayawada, Balharshah, Nagpur and Jharsuguda
No.02853 Santragachhi – Ernakulam Premium Special train leaving Santragachhi passing Visakhapatnam on Sunday will run via Kharagpur, Jharsuguda, Nagpur, and Balharshah.
08:32 am Helpline numbers for Andhra Pradesh Helpline numbers: Collectorate: 08672-252572, Bandar RDO office: 08672-252572, Bandar Tahisildar Office: 08672-222251, Avanigadda: 08671-272237, Koduru: 08671-276265, Krithivennu: 08672-237231, Mopidevi: 08671-257265 and Nagayalanka: 08671-274242. Toll free number – 1077.
08:30 am With West Bengal set to receive heavy rainfall in districts bordering Odisha owing to the looming cyclone, the Bengal government is taking precautionary measures. People living in these districts and in coastal districts have been alerted via text messages on their mobile phones about the cyclone, State Minister for Disaster Management Javed Khan added.
08:28 am The Visakhapatnam port has evacuated a dozen of merchant vessels from the outer harbour to the deep sea and the Gangavaram port has suspended the cargo operations.
08: 26 am The Andhra Pradesh government has blocked the National Highway-5 between Rajahmundry and Vishakapatnam from 5 p.m. of Saturday until the Hudhud cyclone crosses the North Andhra Pradesh coast.
08:22 am Odisha government on Friday asked administrative officers of southern districts to evacuate people from thatched huts to safe buildings. Full story
08:18 am As North coastal Andhra and Odisha prepare for another cyclonic storm this year — named 'Hudhud' (named after the Arabic word for the hoopoe bird) — here are some scenes of unease and calm before the proverbial storm. Slideshow: Before the storm
Heavy rains, gales disrupt normal life in Srikakulam. Photo: K. Srinivasa Rao
08:15 am This satellite image provided by IMD shows the postion of Cyclone Hudhud at 7:00 IST.
08:09 am Trains diverted/cancelled Indian Railway is planning to cancel or divert 75 trains, including 70 express and five passenger services, to avoid inconvenience to the passengers. Railways will open help desks in Vijayawada, Rajahmundry, Anakapalli, Tuni, Kakinada, Kakinada Town, Samalkot, Tadepalligudem and Eluru from Saturday.
08:07 am Photos and videos of cyclone damages can be uploaded on nrse.gov.in and apsdps.gov.in. The government also created a toll free number -- 1100.
08:06 am Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu on Saturday said real time inputs from people through their mobile phones and other devices would be taken to link to satellite imagery and take immediate action in the areas likely to be hit by Hudhud cyclone.

ET Wealth | New to mkts MIPs are safest bet...Dhirendra Kumar
(A low equity exposure makes…)
Equity investing is often touted as the best way to create wealth, but Puneet Narang has never touched stocks. "I have never invested in stocks because I don't like risking my money," says the Delhi-based finance professional. He puts his money in post office schemes and other safe options.
In Mumbai, banking professional Arijit Sen and his school teacher wife, Komal, follow a similar strategy but for quite different reasons. Their previous experience with stocks has not been very good, so the Sens have now put their portfolio on a 100 per cent debt diet. They are looking at fixed deposits and insurance policies to save for their retirement and other goals.
Ultra-cautious investors like Narang and the Sens may be missing out on an opportunity to build wealth if they stay away from stocks. Experts, and statistics, say that equities have the greatest potential to create wealth in the long term. But with benchmark indices hitting their all-time highs in recent weeks, these risk-averse investors have become more cautious. For investors like these, monthly income plans (MIPs) from mutual funds can be a low-risk entry point to the equity markets.
MIP funds follow a conservative investment strategy, allocating only 10-25 per cent of their corpus to equities and putting the rest 75-90 per cent in the safety of bonds and other debt instruments. This is why the returns from this category are fairly attractive when the going is good and relatively stable over the long term. In the past year, when the markets soared by over 50 per cent, the average MIP fund has given a return of more than 14 per cent (see graphic).
"These funds will give investors good returns if the markets do well, but they will also protect against downside because of the limited exposure to equities," says Vidya Bala, head of research, FundsIndia.com.
Also Read: MIPs can be a good stepping stone for the new investor: Dinesh Khara, SBI Mutual Fund
Our cover story this week looks at the several advantages that this relatively obscure category of mutual funds offers to investors. We have identified the five best MIP funds for you. All the five funds have been assigned the highest rating (five stars) by Value Research in the debt-oriented conservative allocation category. Let us look at these schemes and what they offer.
  Birla Sun Life MIP II - Savings 5
This is an ultra-conservative fund even by MIP standards. The equity exposure is capped at 10 per cent. In the past five years, the fund has had an average equity exposure of 7.8 per cent. While this low-risk strategy has not generated spectacular returns, it has protected the downside risk well. The returns since inception 10 years ago are 9 per cent, which is better than those from a fixed deposit. On the debt side, the fund holds bonds with an average maturity of 5.19 years. Investors can expect good gains if interest rates decline, as they are expected to in the medium term. The best part is the low 1.15 per cent expense ratio.
HDFC Children's Gift Fund-Saving Plan
This is an aggressive fund that invests up to 20 per cent in equities. In the past five years, the average allocation to equities has been 18.52 per cent, which reflects in the returns. It has churned out 11.61 per cent returns in the past five years, which some investors may find quite attractive. The fund also has an aggressive debt portfolio. The average maturity of its debt holdings is 6.77 years. If interest rates fall, this fund will do well, but the 2.66 per cent expense ratio is very high and could suppress returns.
HDFC Multiple Yield Fund-Plan 2005
This is a more conservative fund from the same fund house. The average exposure to equities in the past five years has been lower at 13.9 per cent, but this has made only a marginal difference to the returns. It has generated an enviable 9.9 per cent returns since its launch in 2005. The fund follows a safe strategy when it comes to debt by holding short-term bonds. The average maturity of its holdings is 0.4 years. The relatively better performance of the fund can also be attributed to the lower expense ratio of 1.91 per cent.
ICICI Pru Child Care Plan-Study Plan
This is one of the more aggressive MIPs. During the past five years, its allocation to stocks has been 22.2 per cent, very close to the 25 per cent ceiling it has set for itself. Even now, the equity exposure is more than 23 per cent. The aggression is not limited to stocks. The average maturity of the bonds is 9.86 years, which is significantly long term. The fund will do extremely well if interest rates go down. It is best suited for long-term goals like a child's education or even your retirement. "We have maintained a portfolio of well-managed businesses with robust fundamentals and good prospects, which could result in longterm capital appreciation," says fund manager Manish Banthia. The low expense ratio of 1.49 per cent is virtually the icing on the cake.
SBI Magnum MIP Floater

Rupee up 8 paise against dollar in early tradeRupee gains on positive China trade data
Reuters  Mumbai, October 13, 2014
First Published: 09:52 IST(13/10/2014) | Last Updated: 18:07 IST(13/10/2014)
Comments
The rupee started the week on a winning note after stronger-than-expected China trade data lifted risk appetite for emerging market assets by easing some of the recent concerns about the global economy.
Data on Monday showed China's exports in September grew more than the market expected, while imports surprisingly expanded, alleviating worries about deteriorating domestic demand in the world's second-largest economy.
But broader gains were capped ahead of consumer inflation data. Consumer price inflation is forecast to have eased to 7.2% in September, its lowest level since the government started releasing the data in 2012, according economists surveyed by Reuters.
"We expect the rupee to trade range-bound in the near-term between 60.70 and 61.50," said Chintan Karnani, chief analyst at Insignia Consultants, a currency risk advisory firm in New Delhi.
The partially convertible rupee closed at 61.0950/1050 per dollar compared with 61.34/35 on Friday.
"The next key factor will be the cues from state elections in Maharashtra - if the BJP wins big, it will help boost the rupee as this would enable the federal government to push through more reforms."
Prime Minister Narendra Modi spearheaded his party's campaign for elections later this week in Maharashtra, knowing that victory in the home of India's financial hub Mumbai will make it easier to push through economic reforms.
The dollar index, which measures the greenback against a basket of currencies, was down close to 0.5% for most part of the session.
The rupee also benefited as Indian shares closed higher on Monday as blue-chips recovered from recent losses. [.BO]
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.38/48 while the three-month was at 61.98/62.08.

Middle-class muddle: how it s not helping Satyarthi s causeprint
Kailash Satyarthi’s Nobel feat made us proud. Our very own Dilliwallah operating from a small office in Kalkaji is now one of the world’s most feted figures. His Twitter followers grew by 4,300 in just 90 minutes of the announcement of Nobel Peace Prize on Friday. A Google search on his name was throwing up more than 800,000 results on Sunday.
 
But how much do we really know about this quiet, amiable gentleman or the cause he has been fighting for close to three decades? Yes, we know he works for abolition of child labour, which is banned in India. But we still hear horror stories of enslavement and torture of children working in homes, eateries, grocery stores and sweatshops that shame Delhi time and again.
 
Last year, a survey of 1,575 employers conducted by Child Rights and You (CRY) on the attitudes and beliefs about child labour in Delhi showed that 20% of the respondents in south Delhi thought that anyone over the age of 10 was not a child. "These people would possibly have no hesitation in hiring a child as young as 10 years. Not only this, many people consider that a child should not only study, but work as well," the study read.
 
What was more shocking was that 42% employers felt that children were as efficient as adults in carrying out any activity, 30% said that children below 18 should be paid less than adults, and 56% had seen children who didn’t go to school but did nothing about it.
 
As child labour is banned in India, the government has legal obligations and, prodded by voluntary groups, conducts occasional raids. Rescued children are put in temporary shelters. After age verification -- the process may take anything between a few days to months – they are sent home, with a release certificate and R20,000, if the child has been rescued under the Bonded Labour System (Abolition) Act.
 
At least 1,000 child workers are rescued every year in Delhi. Legal provisions for rehabilitation demand these kids are sent to schools and their families provided with earning assets. But nobody bothers to find out if they are not back in sweatshops or dhabas in another city or if they have starved to death.
 
But rehab, even when proper, is only a mopping up exercise. Parents push their young children into the labour market not because they are not necessarily evil but because they are desperately poor. The administration cannot fine the poor parents. If they are put behind bars, their children will anyway suffer. In a predominantly poor country, it is difficult to tackle the malady at its supply end. The only remedy is to reduce the demand.
 
The government could start by breaking the supply rings, which is nothing but trafficking rackets working in the garb of placement agencies that employ agents to bring thousands of children to Delhi and other metros from impoverished, desperate villages. Child rights activists tell us that it is now more profitable and less risky for traffickers to employ young girls as domestic helps than to sell them to brothels.
 
The demand for underage domestic helps is largely fuelled by middle-class homes in cities. Mumbai has revised its housing byelaws, making it mandatory for the managing committees of housing societies to report to police or the labour commissioner any instance of a resident or a contractor employing child labour.
The Delhi High Court set a deadline of October 25 for the government to compulsorily register all private placement agencies. This, experts say, is the best way to break these cartels of organised crime.
 
Enforced strictly, heavy penalties and intimidating jail term should be able to discourage demand across all sectors. Along with punitive action, the solution also requires changed mindsets. Employing an underage to do household chores is not an act of philanthropy, as many of us tend to believe. It denies, if nothing else, her right to education. Childhood is a gift that no child should have to earn. If we can’t respect it, we don’t belong to this celebration of Satyarthi’s Nobel.

Hardly any Indian Muslim indulges in terrorism: Pranab MukherjeeHardly any Indian Muslim indulges in terrorism: Pranab Mukherjee
Press Trust of India | Oslo Oct 13, 2014 03:25 PM IST
Asserting that the problem of terrorism in India was imported, India's President Pranab Mukherjee on Monday said indigenous terrorist activity was "extremely negligible" with hardly any involvement of the 150 million Muslims of the country.
"Of course there may be one or two out of hundred fifty million but all of these are imported," he said in an interview to Norwegian media ahead of his two-day state visit to the Scandinavian nation. "These are coming from outside. Indigenous terrorist activity in India is extremely negligible and whenever such signs are visible we take appropriate steps."
Mukherjee said terrorism has no respect for religion or borders, and has either no ideology or an only ideology which is wanton destruction and total negation of human values.
"Nobody should say terrorism indulged by A is good and terrorism indulged by B is bad. Good terrorists, bad terrorists - these types of classification, to my mind, are meaningless," Mukherjee said, echoing the sentiment expressed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the recently concluded United Nations General Assembly in New York. 
The president said the country has been fortunate as hardly any among the 150 million Muslims - second largest population after Indonesia - indulge in terrorism.
He said terrorism must be fought and should not be indulged in any form. "That is the only way you can handle the terrorism," he said.
On the question of recent violence on the Indo-Pak border and Line of Control, Mukherjee, who has been foreign minister twice during his political career, said "I used to articulate that I cannot live in perpetual tension with my neighbour. I would like to ease the tensions.
"But at the same time, it is to be recognised that there have been a series of developments since independence and partition of these countries." 
Mukherjee said there are two institutional treaties - Shimla Agreement of 1972 and Lahore Declaration of 1999 - which can provide the mechanism through which outstanding issues could be resolved.

India eyes Finland to give  Make in India  a...You are here: Home > Collections > Technology
India eyes Finland for tech cooperation to give 'Make in India' a boost
PTI Oct 13, 2014, 12.20PM IST
Tags:
European Union
(The main focus areas of FinNode…)
HELSINKI: With the new government keen on making the country a global manufacturing hub, India is seeking to engage with Finland, known for its knowledge-based economy and clean technology, official sources said here today ahead of President Pranab Mukherjee's visit to this key Nordic nation.
"India views Finland as an important member of the European Union and a repository of modern technology and Finland sees in India a large market for its products and a favourable investment destination for its high technology industries," they said on the eve of Mukherjee's visit to Finland, the first by an Indian president in 26 years.
"In Finland we also have a reliable trade partner, heavily industrialised in a very green way. We have $1.5 billion of trade and there are over 100 Finnish companies in India which are working here including in R&D," they said.
India is one of the centres which hosts one of the five global centres of innovation run by Finland known as FinNode.
The main focus areas of FinNode India are clean tech, education and learning, health care and wellbeing, and innovations to base-of-the-pyramid markets.
A number of agreements covering education, energy, fishing and other sectors, both on government-to-government, business-to-business as well as institution-to-institution are expected to be signed during Mukherjee's three-day state visit beginning tomorrow. "The prospects for the already active Indo-Finnish cooperation on science and technology look promising with increasingly diverse opportunities opening not only for the authorities but also for research organisations, technology companies and sponsors," Finnish officials told here.
Finland was a largely agrarian society up until World War II, when it transformed itself into a post-industrial society with a strong focus on education and research.
Industrialisation began late but the process from primary production to labour and capital-intensive manufacturing and then to a knowledge-based economy has been rapid.
Today Finland ranks among the most competitive economies in the world. The country is highly globalised and foreign trade forms an integral part of the business culture.
In the 1990s, knowledge drove economic growth and transformation and in less than a decade Finland became an information and communications technology specialised economy.
  Alongside electronics and high technology, traditional branches of industry have remained. Finland is one of the world's leading wood producers.
The largest sector of the Finnish economy is services (65 per cent), followed by manufacturing and refining (31 per cent). Primary production accounts for 3 per cent.
Main export items from India have been electronic goods, ready-made garments, cotton including accessories, manufactures of metals, pharmaceuticals & fine chemicals, machinery and instrument, coffee, rubber, iron and steel, petroleum products and leather.
Major imports of India from Finland include electronic goods, computer software in physical form, machinery except electric & electronic, paper board and manufactures, telecommunication equipment, power generating machinery, pulp and waste paper, transport equipment among others.
On the investments side, large Finnish companies like Nokia-Siemens, Kone elevators, Wartsila, Ahlstrom, Elcoteq, Metso, Fortum, UPM have set up manufacturing facilities in India. Over 130 Finnish companies have operations in India and 30 Indian companies, mainly in the software and consultancy sector, are working in Finland.
Currently, there are about 400 Indian professionals working in Finland for Finnish high-tech companies and Indian software companies like TCS and others based in Finland. There are also a small number of Indian/PIO academics working in Finnish universities.
The number of Indian students at Finnish universities has grown in recent years and currently about 350 Indian students are pursuing higher education in Finland.
Though the last Indian president to visit Finland was R Venkataraman in 1988, officials from both sides emphasised that Indo-Finnish ties have been steadily growing and the two nations enjoyed stable political relations, including Helsinki backing New Delhi's aspirations to be a member of the revamped UN Security Council and membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Congress sacks Shashi Tharoor as AICC spokesperson | Accept decision: TharoorAICC spokesperson post
(Sonia has accepted the recommendation…)
NEW DELHI: Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Monday removed Shashi Tharoor as AICC spokesperson after the party's disciplinary action committee recommended it. The Kerala PCC leadership had demanded "appropriate action" against the Lok Sabha MP for his "pro-Modi stands", including unilaterally accepting the PM's invitation to be a brand ambassador of Swachh Bharat campaign.
Tharoor, who described himself as "a loyal workers of the Congress party", accepted his party leader's decision and said he was treating the issue as closed, making it clear he had no plans to rebel. By acting against Tharoor, the Congress, apart from satisfying its Kerala unit, has also advertised it will have zero tolerance against partymen who unilaterally take decisions on sensitive matters involving the Modi government.
"Congress president Sonia Gandhi has accepted the recommendation of the AICC disciplinary committee to remove Shashi Tharoor from the list of spokespersons with immediate effect. The Kerala Pradesh Congress Committee had submitted a complaint in this regard to the disciplinary committee," Congress general secretary (Organisation) Janardan Dwivedi said in a press release. This is the second time Tharoor has faced rough weather in his 10-year stint in Congress. In 2009, he was forced to quit in the wake of the IPL scam.
Though Tharoor subtly lamented he was not given an opportunity to explain his conduct, sources said since the evidences of his statements and tweets that provoked the PCC were available for scrutiny, the committee felt no need to seek further clarification. Tharoor too accepted the leadership's prerogative. The spokesperson rejected the BJP claim and asserted that action against him has nothing to do with the probe into his wife's death.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SEBI bars DLF from capital markets for 3 yearsRealty firm DLF, executives barred from market for 3 years
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi  Mumbai, October 13, 2014
First Published: 16:32 IST(13/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:46 IST(14/10/2014)
Comments
Stock market regulator Sebi cracked down Monday on India’s biggest realty company DLF by barring six top executives, including promoter-chairman KP Singh, from accessing the securities market for three years, choking its options to raise fresh funds.
The move, linked to disclosure lapses in 2007 when DLF went public and listed on exchanges, is the latest in a series of setbacks for the company credited with building Gurgaon as a corporate and residential hub on the barren Aravallis, just outside the Capital.
“I find that a case of active and deliberate suppression of information to mislead and defraud the investors in the securities market in connection with the issue of shares of DLF in its IPO is clearly made out,” Securities and Exchange Board of India’s (Sebi's) whole-time member Rajeev Agarwal said in his 43-page order.
A file photo of DLF chairman KP Singh. Sebi has cracked down on the biggest real estate player of the country by barring the company and its top executives, including Singh, from accessing the securities market for three years.
In 2007, DLF went public in a record-breaking initial public offering of Rs. 9,187 crore, India’s largest at the time.
The real estate giant has faced a number of problems in recent years, including angry lawsuits by customers upset with project delays and political controversies surrounding the company’s alleged links with Robert Vadra, son-in-law of Congress president Sonia Gandhi, whose party lost power earlier this year.
Responding to the order, the company said, “DLF will defend itself to the fullest extent against any adverse findings and measures contained in the order passed by Sebi. DLF has full faith in the judicial process and is confident of vindication of its stand in the near future.”
It was unclear how the firm’s lenders, often the real estate industry’s lifeline, would react to the investigation that looked into charges of failure by the company to properly disclose its relationship with subsidiary firms.
“It can be very damaging for the company,” said lawyer Hiroo Advani. “This could lead them to struggle to complete ongoing projects. Also, if banks start calling in their loans, it would further compound the adverse impact.”
The ruling could also have an adverse impact on the firm’s stock. News of the Sebi ban broke after trading had closed on Indian stock exchanges, when DLF shares were down 3.7% at  Rs. 146.70 on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
The order came after a four-year probe into the process of share transfer by three DLF subsidiaries in three other allegedly related firms -- Sudipti, Shalika and Felicite.
In April 2010, the Delhi high court had asked Sebi to look into the complaint of one Kimsuk Krishna Sinha on the dealings. Calling the share transfer process a “sham transaction”, Sebi said the banned executives employed “a plan, scheme, design and device to camouflage the association” of DLF with these three entities.
This is the second setback for the Delhi-based developer in two weeks. Last week, the Delhi HC dismissed the company’s petition seeking a stay on investigations by the anti-trust regulator Competition Commission of India into allegations of anti-competitive practices.
DLF executives barred by Sebi include KP Singh’s son Rajiv Singh (vice-chairman), daughter Pia Singh (whole-time director),   TC Goyal (managing director), Kameshwar Swarup and Ramesh Sanka. All these people, including KP Singh and his two children, were part of the top management at the time of filing IPO documents.
About G S Talwar, also a non-executive director at that time, Sebi said it could not be established whether he was involved in day-to-day operations and was therefore given the “benefit of doubt”.
In a statement, the company, however, reassured “investors and all other stakeholders that it has not acted in contravention of law either during its initial public offer or otherwise”.
“DLF and its board were guided by and acted on the advice of eminent legal advisors, merchant bankers and audit firms while formulating its offer documents,” the release said.

Yazidi women  kids given to fighters as spoils of war: Islamic Stateprint
The Islamic State jihadist group says that it has given Yazidi women and children captured in northern Iraq to its fighters as spoils of war, boasting it had revived slavery.
The latest issue of its propaganda magazine Dabiq released on Sunday was the first clear admission by the organisation that it was holding and selling Yazidis as slaves. Tens of thousands of Yazidis, a minority whose population is mostly confined to northern Iraq, have been displaced by the four-month-old jihadist offensive in the region.
Displaced Iraqis from the Yazidi community settle outside the camp of Bajid Kandala at Feeshkhabour town near the Syria-Iraq border, Iraq. (AP Photo)
 
Yazidi leaders and rights groups warned in August that the small community faced genocide and that threat was put forward by Washington as one of the main reasons for launching air strikes. Thousands of Yazidis remained trapped on a mountain near their main hub of Sinjar for days in August, while others were massacred and the fate of hundreds of missing women and children remained unclear.
In an article entitled 'The revival of slavery before the hour', Dabiq argues that by enslaving people it claims hold deviant religious beliefs, IS has restored an aspect of sharia (Islamic law) to its original meaning.
"After capture, the Yazidi women and children were then divided according to the sharia amongst the fighters of the Islamic State who participated in the Sinjar operations," the article said.
"This large-scale enslavement of mushrik (polytheist) families is probably the first since the abandonment of this sharia law," it said.
"The only other known case--albeit much smaller--is that of the enslavement of Christian women and children in the Philippines and Nigeria by the mujahedeen there."
 
Dabiq argued that while the "people of the book"--or followers of monotheistic religions such as Christians or Jews-- can be given the option of paying the "jizya" tax or convert, this did not apply to Yazidis.
The Yazidi faith is a unique blend of beliefs that draws from several religions and includes the worship of a devil figure they refer to as the Peacock Angel.
Militant group's propaganda magazine says followers of monotheistic religions such as Christians or Jews can be given the option of paying the 'jizya' tax or convert to be spared but not people of other faiths.

Nothing wrong with repeat telecast of Modi s Madison Square Garden speech: ECBJP
(The Congress had complained…)
NEW DELHI: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has found nothing with the repeat telecast of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's speech at the Madison Square Garden and is unlikely to act on Congress' complaint, top sources told ET on Monday.
According to officials, who did not wish to be identified, the Maharashtra Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) informed the poll panel on Monday that the repeat telecast of the speech was aired with the permission of its media monitoring committee (MMC). The MMC is responsible for "previewing, scrutinizing and verifying" all advertisements by contesting candidates and political parties before its goes to print or electronic media.
"We had sought a report from the State CEO. The programme has been pre-certified by the MMC of the State CEO and so there's no reason for us to act against the BJP," said a senior EC officer. The EC will soon communicate this decision formally.
The Congress had complained to the poll panel accusing the BJP of misusing official machinery for electoral gains by sponsoring a repeat telecast of Modi's speech at Madison Square Garden on several Marathi channels on Sunday night. The development will come as a blow to the Congress as both its complaints regarding Modi's speech have been found frivolous by the EC. The party had earlier complained against the PM's address to the nation on Dussehra as a violation of the Model Code of Conduct.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hitachi Home& Life Solutions (India) to hold board meetingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

TTK Prestige Q2 Net Profit Slips to Rs 27.98 CroreThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Enping 24-2 Oilfield Commences ProductionThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

PM Narendra Modi addresses rally in RatnagiriThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

JKNPP holds anti-Pak protest over ceasefire violationsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Goa: Transport of iron ore from Sesa Sterlite plant stoppedGoa: Transport of iron ore from Sesa Sterlite plant stopped
Press Trust of India | Panaji Oct 13, 2014 05:20 PM IST
The transport of iron ore from Sesa Sterlite plant, which had resumed after a gap of two years last week, was stopped by police today amid concerns over a law and order situation following an objection raised by a group of truckers, a senior official said.
A total of 120 trucks fitted with Global Positioning System (GPS) were contracted to carry the ore from Sesa Sterlite's mining lease at Codli to its pig iron plant at Amona.
"The transport was stopped in the morning fearing law and order problem in the area as a group of truckers had objected to the transporting of the ore," Superintendent of Police (South) Shekhar Prabhudesai told PTI, adding that transport can resume only after situation normalises.
There is a dispute between two groups of truck operators over charges per tonne being offered by the company and the transport was stopped a day after one group of truck operators held a meeting.
When contacted, a Sesa Sterlite official refused to comment.
The long ban on the export of iron ore in the coastal state was lifted by the Supreme Court in April this year.
Sesa Sterlite had resumed transportation of ore, which was purchased by them from the state government through e-auctioning only last Friday.
The ore, procured from e-auctioning, has been used as a raw material for producing pig iron by Sesa Sterlite at its plant situated around 30 kms away from the mining lease.
However, the truckers reeling under the debt have said that stopping of the transport will only add to their woes.
"The truck owners are already having loans to pay for. When the mining transport began, the truck owner spent Rs 50,000 per vehicle expecting that they will get the business. But now the stoppage has worsened the trouble," said Suvarna Tendulkar, a truck owner.
She said that stopping of mining has left several thousand people in the lurch and they are waiting for the business to resume.
Another truck owner said the state government should intervene in the matter and solve the issue. He said that Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar, currently busy in campaigning in Maharashtra, would be petitioned to intervene in the matter.

CSR arm of TVS Motor to step up focus on sanitationUpdated: October 11, 2014 23:13 IST
CSR arm of TVS Motor to step up focus on sanitation
Special Correspondent
company information
Hygiene, sanitation and women empowerment will continue to be the focus areas of Srinivasan Services Trust (SST), the CSR (corporate social responsibility) arm of TVS Motor.
Asserting this, Venu Srinivasan, Chairman of TVS Motor, lauded Prime Minister’s initiatives of ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’ and women empowerment.
Over the last 20 years, SST, he said, had been focussing on these aspects in about 2,500 villages.
“The vision of ‘Swachh Bharat – Clean India - by 2nd October 2019’ is laudable, and this initiative is India’s biggest-ever cleanliness drive. The Prime Minister has also been emphasising on the urgent need for change in societal values with regard to women empowerment and protection,” Mr. Srinivasan said in a statement.
Nirmal Gram Puraskar (NGP), an award-based incentive scheme for fully sanitised and open defecation-free gram panchayats, blocks, districts and states, was launched by the Indian government. In this context, he said SST consciously worked on reducing open defecation.
Its initiatives were aimed at improving personal hygiene and sanitation of the villages, and 49 panchayats (331 SST villages) had won the NGP.
SST’s efforts had resulted in construction of 91,000 individual toilets, 100 community toilets and 700 school toilets. These were provided to the villages by the government under its welfare schemes, he added.

We are getting a better hold on cyclonesUpdated: October 14, 2014 04:03 IST
‘We are getting a better hold on cyclones’
Ajai Sreevatsan
cyclones
India’s evacuation and rescue efforts in response to Cyclone Phailin last year may have grabbed the world’s attention
In the run-up to Cyclone Hudhud’s landfall on Sunday, the Odisha government set itself an ambitious “zero casualty” target.
Though a few casualties have been reported, a historic analysis of fatality data shows that the life of an Indian stuck in the path of an oncoming cyclone is valued more today than even 10 years ago.
The National Crime Records Bureau, which tracks all unnatural deaths, records a steep decline in cyclone-related deaths over the past decade. While the mega-storm that hit Odisha in 1999 killed 3,958 people (unofficial estimates put the number at 10,000), fewer than 100 were killed in a cyclone annually, on average, over the past five years.
India’s evacuation and rescue efforts in response to Cyclone Phailin last year may have grabbed the world’s attention, but the year before that, the country recorded the lowest number of cyclone-related deaths in nearly two decades. In a country where botched disaster relief is the norm, as the Uttarakhand floods in 2013 demonstrated, cyclone response may perhaps be one area where significant gains have been made.
“As a country, we are getting a far better hold on dealing with cyclones,” said Mihir Bhatt of the Disaster Management Institute. “We have become better not only at prediction but also in passing on the information so that people can use it.”
The threat posed by Phailin last year was identified four days in advance, which is an unprecedented lead time compared to India’s capabilities in the late 1990s. A significant amount of funding has also been funnelled into the States since the setting up of the National Disaster Management Authority in 2006.
India used to spend around $300 million a year on disaster preparedness, evacuation and relief in the early 2000s. But last year, the country spent over $1.6 billion. Andhra Pradesh and Odisha, which will bear the brunt of Cyclone Hudhud, accounted for a fifth of the expenditure.
Instances of inefficient fund utilisation come up, as a CAG report pointed out last year. Setting up of an array of Doppler weather radars suffered delays and cost overruns, a disaster response communication grid is still not functional six years after the purchase of equipment and several States used the money for other purposes — Gujarat, for instance, spent over Rs. 200 crore from its disaster relief fund when no official disaster was declared.
Despite the limitations, the money has helped put systems in place, Mr. Bhatt said, cautioning, “Whether they perform over a period of time is yet to be seen.”

Reliance Industries likely to report flat growth in Q2 net profitReliance Industries likely to report flat growth in Q2 net profit, predict analysts
Ramkrishna Kashelkar, ET Bureau Oct 13, 2014, 07.16AM IST
Tags:
Bank of America-Merrill Lynch
(It is also down 17% QoQ from…)
Reliance Industries, India's biggest private sector company and No 2 on the ET 500 list, is unlikely to offer any reason for its underperforming stock to change track when it publishes results for the July-September quarter on Monday.
The company, with interests in areas including petroleum refining, oil and gas exploration and production, petrochemicals and retailing, may post a 4% growth in net profit from a year earlier, analysts predict, although a majority of them believe earnings growth will be flat.
Reliance reported a net profit of Rs 5,490 crore in the second quarter of 2013-14 on net sales of Rs 1,03,758 crore.
The refining business is expected to face pressure as the region's benchmark gross refinery margins (GRM) remained weak through the quarter. Reliance owns two refineries at Jamnagar with a combined crude processing capacity of 1.36 million barrels a day, the largest at any single location in the world.
"2Q FY15 Singapore GRM ended at $4.8 per barrel, which is a 16-quarter low. It is also down 17% QoQ from US$5.8/bbl in 1Q FY15 and down 9% yoy from $5.3 per barrel in 2Q FY14," noted a report from Bank of America-Merrill Lynch .
However, the better configuration of Reliance's refineries allows it to command a healthy premium over regional GRM benchmarks and the company may even match the level of $8.7 per barrel achieved in the preceding quarter.
Reliance had posted a record profit before interest and tax of Rs 2,504 crore in the petrochemicals segment in the July-September period last year, which will make it difficult to record strong year-on-year growth this quarter. On the other hand, oil and gas exploration and production may show healthy profit growth on the back of growth in its US shale gas business. Reliance has ventures with Chevron, Pioneer Natural Resources and Carrizo Oil & Gas for shale gas.
The refining business contributed 46% to Reliance's profit in the year ended March 2014, while petrochemicals accounted for almost 30%, the oil and gas segment 10% and other income 14%. This will be Reliance's first earnings report since completing the acquisition of control of Network 18 Media and Investments and its subsidiary TV18 Broadcast in July.
Network 18 Media posted a consolidated net loss of Rs 30.4 crore for the July-September quarter on a turnover of Rs 744.8 crore, which may weigh on Reliance's consolidated numbers.
In the April-June quarter, Reliance benefited from a drop in depreciation under provisions of the new Companies Act and a lower interest burden due to a stable rupee. These benefits could still add to the company's overall profit and enable it to pull off a surprise.
Nevertheless, this is not expected to boost the performance of the company's shares, which are in the seventh consecutive year of under-performance, since the company's mega investment drive is not expected to boost earnings in the near future. Reliance shares ended at Rs 960.30 on the BSE on Friday, gaining 7.3% this year compared with the BSE Sensex , which advanced 24%.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Residents of Visakhapatnam face lack of amenities after cyclone HudhudThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Falling S&P 500 nears 200-day averageStock market looks to hold key price floor
By: Adam Shell October 13, 2014 7:09 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Specialist Anthony Matesic works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Oct. 10. U.S. stocks closed out a turbulent week with another loss, giving the market its worst week since May 2012. (Richard Drew, AP)
After suffering a 3.1% drop last week, its worst weekly plunge since May 2012, Wall Street will be watching the S&P 500 this week to see if the large-company stock index can stay above a key long-term trend line.
After last week’s market rout, caused by fears of a global growth slowdown, the Standard & Poor’s 500 closed at 1906.03, less than a point above its average price over the past 200 trading days, or 1905.22. The chart below shows the S&P 500 (blue line) colliding with the 200-day moving average (the red line).
The S&P 500 stock index is in danger of falling below its 200-day moving average for the first time since November 2012. The blue shaded area is the S&P 500, and the red line is the 200-day moving average. (Chart: Yahoo Finance)
The so-called 200-day moving average is a key level to watch. The reason: a close above that level suggests the market remains in an uptrend, while a dip below that key price floor suggests the market trend has turned down. One point of clarification, however: the breach of the 200-day moving average has to be significant and long-lasting to confirm a switch in the trend to a downtrend. A one- or two-day dip below the key level or a minor point drop below could prove to be temporary, although failure to hold the long-term trend often prompts even more selling.
“The 200-day moving average is looked at as a long-term trend indicator,” says Paul Hickey, co-founder of Bespoke Investment Group. “When the price is above it, markets are thought to be trending higher. When the price is below it, markets are thought to be trending lower.”
Watch out for 1900 on the S&P 500, too, as that could be an area where the market could see a sign of a bounce back, says Ari Wald, a technical strategist at Oppenheimer.
“The S&P 500 is down 5.6% (from its intraday high) over a 15-day period, which is nearing the two-year correction average of 6% over 20 days (since the start of 2010),” Wald noted in a research report. “Converging support at 1900 is where we would expect to see a bounce with many of our bottoming indicators in an oversold condition.”
In early trading, the S&P 500 was trading down nearly 4 points to 1902.
Hays Advisory told clients this morning that the S&P 500’s recent weakness could spur a bounce, but warns that market psychology has turned negative.
“The market internals are very oversold, so a bounce here is possible,” the firm said in an alert this morning. “Psychology is slow to improve. … We need much more improvement in psychology before any action would be warranted.”
 

SC refuses to restrain Srinivasan from conte...You are here: Home > Collections
SC refuses to restrain N Srinivasan from contesting BCCI election
PTI Oct 13, 2014, 05.20PM IST
Tags:
BCCI
(SC said before taking any…)
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today refused to pass any order on the plea to restrain N Srinivasan from participating in the November 20 Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the BCCI and to declare as illegal the continuance of its office bearers due to the failure of the Board to hold its elections prior to September 30.
The apex court said before taking any call on the issue, it will wait for the outcome of the inquiry of the Justice Mukul Mudgal Committee which is probing the IPL betting and spot-fixing scandal and is scheduled to file its final report by November 10.
"Let us wait for the report of the probe committee. Let the decks be cleared for the elections. We had given the last order (on September 2013) allowing him (Srinivasan) to participate in the election but he will not hold the office (President) till further order.
"Till then you keep quite. We are not concerned at this stage with the AGM. Please wait till the report of the Justice Mudgal Committee is filed," a bench comprising Justices T S Thakur and F M I Kalifulla told the Cricket Association of Bihar which was seeking directions to declare the postponement of AGM after September 30 as illegal.
Senior advocate Nalini Chidamabaram, appearing for the CAB, also submitted that since the AGM was not held prior to September 30, no office bearers have locus standi to continue in the working committee of the BCCI.
She also submitted that since Srinivasan has been directed by this court not to function as President of the BCCI, how can he contest the coming polls.
However, the bench said the apex court's order last year made it clear that the arrangement was till further order and also he is not inelligible to contest the BCCI election.
It also questioned CAB's Secrertary Aditya Verma of coming out with the plea to bar Srinivasan from contesting the polls before the submission of the Justice Mudgal Committee's report.
"So you are filing the plea that don't allow him to contest when the sword is hanging. Tomorrow who knows he could be exonerated," the bench observed and added that "if there is an election what happens to his right".
Realising that the bench was not inclined to give any relief to the CAG , Chidambaram said, "Don't pass positive order allowing him to contest".
Before the matter was posted for hearing on November 10, the BCCI informed the bench that the Registrar of Cooperative Society has allowed it to hold the AGM on November 20.
FEATURED ARTICLES

S&P 500 looks to snap wildest run of swings sinceS&P 500 hopes to snap wildest run of price swings since 2011
By: Adam Shell October 13, 2014 7:45 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
The S&P 500 stock index last week suffered its most wild price swings in almost three years.
The wild price swings that caused the S&P 500 to suffer moves of 1% or more four straight days last week was the longest streak in almost three years. Can it avoid a fifth day of roller coaster-type price action?
It was a wild ride on Wall Street last week. The benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500 stock index fell 3.1%, its worst weekly skid since May 2012. And the large-company stock index was hit with heightened volatility, with prices jumping up and down — mostly down — at a violent and startling rate.
The S&P 500 fell 1.15% Friday, declined 2.07% Thursday, rallied 1.75% Wednesday, and dipped 1.51% on Tuesday, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices. By the end of the week, the S&P 500 was down 5.2% from its Sept. 18 record closing high, and trading at its lowest level since May 23.
Check out this chart from last week that shows the wild down, up, down, down price moves of 1% or more.
The S&P 500 moved more than 1% four straight days last week, its longest such streak of volatility since November 2011. (Chart: Yahoo Finance)
“The last instance of four daily 1% moves in a row was from Oct. 31 through Nov. 3, 2011,” says Howard Silverblatt, senior index analyst at S&P Dow Jones Indices.
Wall Street will need a quieter day today if the S&P is to avoid its first five-day streak of 1%-plus moves since Oct. 21-27, 2011. (That market sequence, however, was bullish with four of the five days posting gains for a five-day change of 5.69%.)
Investors that think these wild price swings can’t last much longer, can think again.
Silverblatt points out that the record number of days with daily moves of 1% is 19 days, way back in 1931.
The S&P 500 is also starts the week trying to avoid its first four-week losing streak since August 2011. The index lost 16.47% during that four-week skid, Silverblatt’s data show.
 

SEBI bars DLF  its chairman among others from securities markets for 3 yearsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

September CPI inflation declines to 6.46%; vegetable inflation falls to 8.59%Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

The good and bad of Future Retail and Amazon tie-upThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Burdwan blast: Court remands three accused to NIA custodyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ind-Ra affirms Indian Oil Corp at  AAAThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Decision on Tharoor based on Kerala unit s report: CongressThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

RIL Q2 net rises 9% to Rs 5 970 crRIL Q2 net almost flat at Rs 5,972 cr
Kalpana Pathak | Mumbai Oct 13, 2014 08:11 PM IST
Lower exports and drop in crude prices and volumes in the refining and oil and gas business had a bearing on the second quarter earnings for Reliance Industries.
During the July-September quarter, RIL, on a consolidated basis, posted a drop of 4.3% in turnover at Rs 1,13,396 crore against Rs 1,18,439 crore for July-September 2014.
Net profit for the period stood at Rs 5,972 crore, up 1.7%, against Rs 5,873 crore during the same period previous year. Exports from India were lower by 14.7% at Rs 66,065 crore against Rs 77,428 crore in the corresponding period of the previous year.
Consolidation of Network 18 Media & Investments Limited from this quarter has also impacted the year on year comparisons.
RIL acquired Network 18 Media and its subsidiary TV18 Broadcast in July. Network 18 Media posted a consolidated net loss of Rs 30.4 crore for the July-September quarter on a turnover of Rs 744.8 crore.
Mukesh Ambani, Chairman and Managing Director, RIL said: “RIL’s financial performance for the period stands testimony to the intrinsic strength of our integrated business operations. The refining and petrochemical businesses, once again, delivered robust results, outperforming regional industry benchmarks.”
Ambani added that “Renewed optimism in the domestic economy augurs well for business and consumer confidence particularly against the backdrop of continuing concerns on global economic growth. We expect to create significant value for our stakeholders over the next 12-18 months as we complete our large investment programme across energy and consumer businesses. These projects will propel the next phase of growth for India and Reliance.”
Analysts had expected RIL’s gross refining margins—earnings from turning every barrel of crude oil into fuel --- to decline in line with benchmarks, driven by lower middle-distillates cracks.
But RIL posted GRM of $8.3 per barrel against $7.7 a barrel a year back.
“RIL’s premium over regional benchmark widened to $3.5 per barrel, as compared to $ 2.5 per barrel in the corresponding period of the previous year, primarily aided by wider crude differentials and sourcing advantage,” RAIL said in its earnings statement.
The company operates world’s largest single location refinery complex at Jamnagar, Gujarat. The refineries have a crude processing capacity of 1.36 million barrels a day. Owing to a better configuration of the refineries, RIL’s   GRM  is usually higher by $2-3 per barrel as compared to the Singapore benchmark.
The benchmark Singapore gross refining margin (GRM)— dropped by $1 per barrel to a 16-quarter low of $4.8 per barrel due to the seasonal weakness and weak global demand for products such as petrol and diesel.
During the quarter, Brent crude oil was down 7%. On a yearly basis it has declined 7.3%. Rupee on the other hand depreciated 1.3% quarter-on-quarter and appreciated 2.3% year on year.
Softness in crude oil prices and lower crude processing pushed revenue from the refining and marketing segment down by 5.9% to Rs 103,590 crore. RIL’s refining and petrochemical segments contribute nearly 75-80% to the overall profit of the company.
Segmnet EBIT for the quarter was up by 18.5% at Rs 3,844 crore led by higher GRM despite lower crude throughput.
Higher contribution from refinery, petrochemicals and oil and gas business saw RIL’s operating profit before other income and depreciation increase by 10.8% on a year-on-year basis from Rs 8,865 crore to Rs 9,818 crore.
Other income came in lower at Rs 2,009 crore against Rs 2,346 crore in corresponding period of the previous year, primarily on account of lower investible surplus.
Depreciation (including depletion and amortization) stood higher by 8.2% at Rs 3,024 crore as compared to Rs 2,796 crore in July-September 2014. Interest cost was at Rs 997 crore Rs 959 crore in corresponding period of the previous year.
Rahul Shah, Vice President-Equity Advisory group, MOSL, says," RIL results were broadly in line with our expectations, though they were higher than street expectations. Upmove in GRMs is a positive and has surprised the street.Overal, good results from RIL. I think the stock should see some run up in tomorrow's trading."
On the exploration and production front, RIL’s KG D6 produced 0.5 million barrels of crude oil, 0.1 million barrels of condensate and 40.6 billion cubic feet of natural gas during the quarter. Fall in production is mainly due to natural decline in the fields partly offset by incremental production from new well MA08 and side track in well MA6H during the previous year, the company said.
Panna-Mukta fields produced 1.8 million barrels of crude oil and 16.5 BCF of natural gas.   The increase in production was on account of additional volumes from new well including in fills drilled.
Investment advisor, S P Tulsian,says," RIL results are very good. Refining and Petchem both have surprised this quarter. GRMs too have come in much better than expected and I believe these levels should be sustained. While I rule out any earnings revision given the already high earnings, I believe the stock should rise to Rs 988 level in tomorrow's trade."
Despite lower pricing and higher gas differentials, RIL’s shale gas business registered strong revenue and EBITDA growth. Marcellus JV production remained restricted below potential due to frac operations in offset wells and midstream maintenance activities as well as forced shut-in at times to prevent lower realization.
RIL which is planning to sell its 45% stake in the Eagle Ford Shale acreage said continued strong performance of Eagle Ford JV provided strong base for current quarter performance.
“While revenue growth suffered sequentially, EBITDA remained steady at first quarter levels benefiting from lower operating expenditure across all JVs,” RIL said.
Overall capex for the quarter was at $321 million and cumulative investment across all JVs stood at $7.7 billion. Substantial part of Pioneer and Carrizo JV capex are met through cash from respective JV operations.
Alok Agarwal, CFO, RIL said, “Assets where the company is not the operator and has seen value appreciate, are under review.”
Revenue from the Petrochemicals segment declined marginally to Rs 26,651 crore. Segment EBIT for the quarter remained flat at Rs 2,361 crore on year-on-year basis. However, on a quarter-on-quarter basis EBIT increased sharply by 26.7%, led by strong rebound in polymers, fibre intermediates and aromatics margins.
The company’s retail business recorded the highest revenue and PBDIT in any quarter and as a result of focused expansion, has crossed over 2,000 operational stores spanning 155 Indian cities. Revenue for Reliance Retail grew by 20% to Rs 4,167 crore. The business recorded a PBDIT of Rs 186 crore, a year-on-year increase of 96%.
On Monday, the company's stock on BSE closed 0.2% lower at Rs 957.85.

Infosys Earnings Does Not Justify Stock Reaction: Ambit CapitalYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Infosys Earnings Does Not Justify Stock Reaction: Ambit Capital
Published On:                  October 10, 2014                 | Duration: 4 min, 39 sec

PM Modi Seems Focused on Job Creation: Narayana MurthyYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
PM Modi Seems Focused on Job Creation: Narayana Murthy
Published On:                  October 10, 2014                 | Duration: 18 min, 59 sec

Prefer Tata Steel Among Metal Stocks: LKPYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Prefer Tata Steel Among Metal Stocks: LKP
Published On:                  October 10, 2014                 | Duration: 11 min, 42 sec

Govt to set up 1 lakh cr petro SEZ in Bina  MPComments
The government on Friday announced it would set up a Petroleum, Chemicals and Petrochemicals Investment Region (PCPIR) near the Bina refinery in Madhya Pradesh at a cost of around Rs. 1 lakh crore. This would be the fifth PCPIR in the country and the first in a land locked state.
PCPIR is usually a delineated area of around 250 sq km for setting up manufacturing facilities for domestic and export led production. In March 2007, the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs had approved the proposal to set up PCPIRs in four states — Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh, Odisha and Tamil Nadu.
“We have held two meetings with petroleum minister Dharmendra Pradhan and the state Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and we have decided to set up a PCPIR at Bina refinery, between Gwalior and Bhopal,” said Ananth Kumar, minister for chemicals and fertilisers at the concluding day of the 4th Global Investors Summit at Indore.
“This project cost will be Rs. 1 lakh crore,” Kumar said.
Till now government has announced PCPIRs in Dahej, Gujarat, Paradeep in Odisha, Vishakhapatnam-Kakinada in Andhra Pradesh and Cuddalore-Nagapattinam in Tamil Nadu. These projects entail a cumulative investment of Rs. 7.6 lakh crore.

Four Indians in Fortunes list of 40 under 40 powerful peopleFour Indians in Fortune’s list of ‘40 under 40’ powerful people
PTI  New York, October 10, 2014
First Published: 23:43 IST(10/10/2014) | Last Updated: 23:47 IST(10/10/2014)
Comments
Four Indians, including a Harvard University professor along with the co-founders of Snapdeal and Micromax have been named by Fortune in its list of the 40 most powerful, influential and important people in business under the age of 40.
The Fortune’s 2014 ‘40 under 40’ list has been topped by cab service company Uber’s 38-year-old co-founder, Travis Kalanick and community-driven hospitality company Airbnb’s 33-year-old head Brian Chesky.
The Indians on the list are Economics professor at Harvard  University Raj Chetty, who is ranked 16, Micromax co-founder and CEO Rahul Sharma (21), Snapdeal co-founder and CEO Kunal Bahl (25) and Twitter’s general counsel and the only woman on the company’s executive team, Vijaya Gadde (28).
The list of super-achievers, who “don’t like limits, and they don’t like being told no” includes Founder and CEO of Facebook 30-year-old Mark Zuckerberg at the number two spot and Italy’s youngest Prime Minister Matteo Renzi (39) at the third position.
Fortune said this year’s list of “young hotshots who are rocking businesses” includes many from sector as diverse as technology, finance, fashion and film and all have “power, influence, leverage, scale, and ideas that disrupt.”
The list also includes 38-year-old co-founder and CEO of texting company WhatsApp, Jan Koum on rank 5, Yahoo’s 38-year old CEO Marissa Mayer (6), New York Stock Exchange president 38-year-old Tom Farley (7) and Twitter co-founder and CEO 37-year-old Jack Dorsey (11).

After Nadella s gaffe  Microsoft board to look at gender pay gap  male cultureAfter Nadella's gaffe, Microsoft board to look at gender pay gap, male culture
Reuters  Seattle/ San Francisco, October 11, 2014
First Published: 11:02 IST(11/10/2014) | Last Updated: 11:10 IST(11/10/2014)
Comments
A well-known picture in tech circles, taken in 1978, shows the first 11 employees at Microsoft. Two are women. One of them left two years later after a pay dispute.
Almost four decades later, the ratio has improved: About a third of Microsoft's 110,000 or so employees are women. But the company's pay practices and attitude toward women are still open to question and will likely be taken up at the board level, according to one director, Maria Klawe.
The issue hit the headlines and social media on Thursday when new Chief Executive Officer Satya Nadella suggested women in tech shouldn't ask for pay raises but should instead trust the system and rely on "karma" to get what they deserve.
He later said he was wrong, but the damage was done, reinforcing the view that Microsoft - and the tech industry generally - is a boys' club.
Read: Outrage over Nadella's comments on women's pay
"He blew that question," said Klawe in a telephone interview on Friday. "He's retracted it. I think it's going to take us all to a better place. I'm pretty sure he's going to be thinking really hard about pay equity."
It was Klawe, a longtime campaigner for women in tech, who asked Nadella the question onstage on Thursday that led to his remarks, and she has since led the company's efforts at damage limitation.
Klawe, 63, said she has been pressing for hiring and promoting women at Microsoft since she joined the board five years ago, but the issue of pay raises for women had not been discussed by the board.
"I suspect it might be now," she said.
Klawe pointed to the recruitment of Peggy Johnson from Qualcomm as head of business development in September as a recent success, but she conceded there have been backward steps, notably the ousting of Tami Reller and Julie Larson-Green, who ran the flagship Windows unit until a shakeup in 2013.
"I did feel badly that we had Tami and Julie on the executive team and then had two fewer people. But it really had to do with what made sense in terms of who was the right person for which job," said Klawe. "I'm sure we'll see more women in those levels."
Reller has since left Microsoft, while Larson-Green is responsible for the overall look and feel of Microsoft's software services.
BOYS' CLUB
Microsoft has never been a beacon of diversity.
Karin Carter, who worked at the company in its heyday from 1983 until 1997 and went on to write a book about the experience, said there were only five or so women programmers at Microsoft when she joined, with the vast majority of women in support positions.
"The first time my fellow administrative assistant and I worked all night to get materials ready for a meeting, we got roses from the vice president of the international group," said Carter. "My first thought was, 'Roses? How about money?'"
Today the numbers are slightly better. Microsoft's 15-strong senior leadership team, which runs the company day to day, has three women: Chief Financial Officer Amy Hood; Lisa Brummel, head of human resources; and recent hire Johnson.
Its board of 12 also has three women: former Wall Street banker Dina Dublon; Klawe, president of Harvey Mudd College; and most recently Teri List-Stoll, chief financial officer of Kraft Foods Group.
But the issue of unequal pay looms large.
Numbers from job site Glassdoor show that men tend to earn more doing a similar job than women at Microsoft, though the data is far from complete and based on voluntary disclosure.
For example, a male Microsoft senior software development engineer makes about $137,000 per year, according to Glassdoor, compared with about $129,000 for women. Microsoft declined to comment or provide data on what it pays staff.
Microsoft is not alone. Data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that men earn 24 percent more, on average, than women in the tech sector. In computer and mathematical occupations, men working full-time make a median average of $1,452 per week, compared with $1,174 per week for women.
The pay gap, and how to close it, was brought to public attention last year by Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg in her book "Lean In." She wrote that for women, negotiating is "like trying to cross a minefield backward in high heels." Women who push for higher salaries are viewed as more demanding than men who do the same, she writes, and pay costs "in goodwill and future advancement."
The Microsoft furor may yet lead to improvement, said one campaigner.
"Nadella's reaction was likely based on what he thinks men do - work hard and get rewarded - rather than recognizing that what they actually do is work hard, talk about the hard work they are doing and then get rewarded," said Meiko Takayama, founder of Advancing Women Executives, an advocacy group. "If positioned in the right way, this can be a learning moment for everyone."

Ambani s kids appointed as directors of Reliance Jio & retail venturesAmbani's kids appointed as directors of Reliance Jio & retail ventures
PTI  New Delhi, October 11, 2014
First Published: 19:47 IST(11/10/2014) | Last Updated: 19:50 IST(11/10/2014)
Comments
In signs of succession planning at India's largest private firm, billionaire Mukesh Ambani's twin scions Isha and Akash were on Saturday appointed as directors on board of Reliance Industries' telecom and retail ventures.
Isha and Akash, 23, were appointed to the boards of Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd and Reliance Retail Ventures Ltd, the company said in a statement.
Ambani, the world's richest energy billionaire, has three children - Isha, Akash and Anant. While Isha and Akash are twins, youngest sibling Anant is pursuing studies in US.
Isha, who graduated from the Yale University with majors in psychology and South Asian studies in 2013, worked with global consultancy firm McKinsey in US briefly.
Akash, who graduated from Brown University with major in Economics, had been working closely with Ambani family confidant Manoj Modi on RIL's 4G telecom venture.
The two are joining around the same age as their father Mukesh, who was 24 years old when he joined RIL in 1981.
While the Ambani scions have been seen at company's annual general meetings, Akash possibly made his first appearance on a company's business deal when RIL in 2011 signed agreement in London to sell 30% stake in 23 oil and gas blocks including the producing KG-D6 fields to BP plc for $7.2 billion.
Isha first came under public limelight as a 16-year-old when Forbes ranked her number two in a list of the world's youngest billionaire heiresses.
The two enter the long list of scions joining family businesses. Interestingly, a few of them had a stint at McKinsey or another consulting firm or a global bank before joining the family businesses.
Nandini Piramal, daughter of Swati and Ajay Piramal, worked with McKinsey as a business analyst before joining her family concern in 2006.
Rishad Premji spent a few years at Bain & Co in London before he joined Wipro. Aditya Mittal started out in investment banking with Credit Suisse.

RIL may sell stake in Eagle Ford basin shale oil and gas ventureRIL may sell stake in Eagle Ford basin shale oil and gas venture
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 12, 2014
First Published: 00:22 IST(12/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:28 IST(12/10/2014)
Comments
In a sale that could fetch close to $4.5 billion or Rs. 27,000 crore to the Mukesh Ambani’s Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL), the company is contemplating to sell its 45% stake in the Eagle Ford basin shale oil and gas venture in the US.
RIL, which bought 45% interest in Pioneer Natural Resources Co’s Eagle Ford shale formation of south Texas for $1.3 billion, is reported to be working with Citigroup Inc and Bank of America Merrill Lynch to find a buyer, industry sources said.
RILs total investment in US is $ 7.36 billion.
“Reliance constantly strives to identify means by which to create additional value for its shareholders” but was all the RIL spokesperson had to say regarding the sale.
“It is Reliance’s policy not to comment on market speculation. If there are any required disclosures, Reliance will make them at the appropriate time,” the spokesperson said.
Pioneer holds 46% in the Eagle Ford venture while the remaining 9% is with Alpha SAB’s Newpeck LLC.
Newpek too is exploring opportunities to sell its share and is being advised by Tudor Pickering Holt & Co.
RIL, in a July presentation to investors, had stated that it has invested a total of $ 3.91 billion in Pioneer joint venture since inception. Four hundred and seventy two wells have been drilled to date with an average production rate of 676 million standard cubic feet per day.
The Eagle Ford assets spread over 230,000 acres have become more attractive after the US Commerce Department in June gave Pioneer permission to export a type of ultralight oil known as condensate produced from the region.
The approval will “help ease pressure on differentials, which has remained key challenge,” RIL had stated in the presentation.
Besides Eagle Ford, RIL has two more shale ventures in US — 40 per cent stake in Chevron’s Marcellus shale acreage and a 60 per cent interest in Carrizo Oil and Gas Inc’s Marcellus shale acreage in Central and Northeast Pennsylvania.

Serious concerns about economic growth: ChidambaramComments
Former finance minister PC Chidambaram on Saturday said the Narendra Modi government was continuing initiatives and policies of the Congress-led UPA II government, while expressing serious concerns about the country’s economic growth.
Claiming credit for the 5.7% Gross Domestic Product (GDP) growth in the first quarter, Chidambaram said GDP results for the second quarter due in November and third quarter is expected to be low.
“The momentum of what we did from 2012 to 2014 took the economy forward during the first quarter. But the RBI governor has hinted that the second quarter results will be worse than the first. Statements made in the budget have not translated into a policy, cabinet decision or an action plan,” said Chidambaram.
He added, “The government has wound up the planning commission; chief economic advisor’s position is not filled. Where are the independent economists in the government who can throw up ideas?”
Stating that PM Narendra Modi was still in an election mode and campaigning like the Gujarat chief minister, Chidambaram said, “He cannot take Gujarat out of him, and is settled as the Gujarat prime minister. He is the prime minister of India and therefore people have the right to ask him what he has accomplished so far.”
Chidambaram said the BJP government dusted, renamed and re-launched two major UPA initiatives – Swacch Bharat Abhiyaan and Jan Dhan Yojana – in addition to inaugurating projects started during the Congress government such as the Mars mission or road projects in Maharashtra. “I am told he will soon re-launch the national skill development mission,” he added.
Pointing out there are serious issues on governance with many posts lying vacant, Chidambaram said, “The government took rash decisions to get members out from important posts. But there have been no replacements.”

Allowing Haider: when the state is more mature than the liberalsprint
A doctor who stops in his stride to deliver memorable lines, usually to someone behind him; his wife, who like many wives, is not that into her husband; and their adorable son who polishes his father’s shoes and sniffs the fragrance on the nape of his youthful mother. They are a somewhat happy family, but their happiness is a foreboding because they live in Kashmir in the nineties. They are doomed for another reason--they are inside a re-telling of Shakespeare’s Hamlet.
That Vishal Bhardwaj bases some of his films on Shakespearean dramas often elicits the dull question, ‘Why?’ To this he has dull answers. The appropriate question is, 'So?'
The most unremarkable fact about Bhardwaj's Haider is that it is an adaptation of a lowbrow Elizabethan play whose vaunted timelessness is in reality an exaggeration of tribute. Nothing is timeless, literature especially. Like science, the art of the story is a ceaseless collective human progression, and there are excellent reasons why the ancient is not new. Yet Bhardwaj persists with adaptations. Amusing then that a filmmaker in the know should tell me that Bhardwaj is not the kind of man who reads Shakespeare. He reads the abridged versions, if at all. I could not verify this but there is crucial evidence to support the hypothesis. It can be empirically proved that no person in this age who reads Shakespeare, (or for that matter who employs the word ‘metaphor’) has made great Hindi cinema. And Bhardwaj has made exceptional movies.
Haider is more inextricably, and profitably, set in Kashmir than Hamlet is in Denmark. Bhardwaj shows a Kashmir where India is an illegal occupier, which it still is; and a brutal oppressor, which it once was. Bhardwaj shows soldiers pulling out the nails of terror suspects, electrocuting them and carrying out extra-judicial killings. It is unprecedented for a mainstream Indian film to portray this. That the State cleared Haider for public viewing, notwithstanding the many cuts enforced by its censors, is extraordinary. What can explain this uncharacteristic generosity? Could it be that the State has demonstrated that it is finally willing to experiment with maturity? Or, is it just that India has no choice anymore but to resemble a true, major democracy?
Is it time then for the fellowship of paraliberals, too, to come of age and shed their allegiance to their cabal? The Fellowship is a network of writers, documentary filmmakers and academics, with a uniform set of values. The Fellowship’s community mind finds it morally aesthetic and appealing to all its constituents to promote the point of view that Kashmir is and will be in a state of perennial unrest until India miraculously quits the place.
It is a view that is dear to a section of Kashmir’s elite, and its diaspora--to be precise, people who have the means to get on with their lives. But, in a changed Kashmir flanked by a transformed Indian economy and deteriorating Pakistan, the poor and the villagers speak of an aspiration that is very different. Their priority is a decent life, which is usually about things that make very bad poetry--jobs, education, roads, electricity. They have contempt for India but they also wish Kashmir's economy to move on. This, a section of Kashmir’s relative rich and the Fellowship they are a part of, find repulsive. Because they have the luxury to find it repulsive.
They couch all their arguments as the fight of the oppressed against the oppressor, but fall mute about the rights of Kashmir’s Hindus, who were forced to flee their homes at the height of the insurgency, to return. In the wounded spectral space of Kashmir, the encroached are encroachers too.
Unlike the State, the Fellowship does not have the power to ban or censor journalistic or literary works or statements that it deems offensive. If it had the powers it would have, but as it doesn’t it resorts to sustained defamation of those whom it does not agree with. As it has done to Shah Faesal, who in 2009 became the only Kashmiri to be ranked first in the civil services exam. Faesal, whose father was once assaulted by the Indian army and forced to chant, “Ram, Ram”, and later killed by ‘unidentified gunmen’, told me in 2012 that the period of calm in the Valley in the preceding months was proof that, “Common sense is finally winning.”
He faced severe abuse on the social media for the comment, chiefly from non-resident Kashmiris because from the safety and comfort of distance, they found peace in Kashmir offensive.
On his Facebook page, Faesal said about the long-distance lovers of Kashmir: ‘…the crop of burger-fed, Armani-attired pseudo-revolutionaries has actually harmed Kashmir, more than anyone else.’
Among Kashmir’s modern educated youth of modest means, who live in Kashmir and hence have a direct stake in peace, there are many who can see how the arrival of stability and as a consequence corporations can transform their lives, but they speak of this discreetly because they fear the abuse of the apparent patriots.
About two years ago I had interviewed two such young men, who worked for Aircel in Srinagar, and had presented their views in this paragraph: They say what many educated young people in Kashmir say — can we move on? Can we have development first instead of waiting forever for the Kashmir issue to be solved? We want industries to come here, we want MNCs and malls. We want to watch a cricket match in Srinagar. “We want KFC,” one of them says, and they burst out laughing.
At the time of the interview I had tried to persuade them to allow me to identify them because I had imagined that what they had said was innocuous, even obvious. But the outrage that followed the publication of the article informed me why they wished to be discreet. Faesal’s “burger-fed pseudo-revolutionaries” framed the story as though it had suggested that KFC would solve the Kashmir problem. Ideology, it appears, greatly impedes reading comprehension.
The two young men were considering a move to Bangalore in search of prospects. There was only so much you could do in Kashmir if you did not write poetry. The years were rolling by, and they wanted to make something of their lives. India did occupy their home, but it was economics that was going to evict them.
(Manu Joseph is a journalist and the author of the novel The Illicit Happiness of Other People. The views expressed in this column are personal.)

Champions return homeUpdated: October 12, 2014 19:52 IST
Champions return home
The Hindu S.V. Sunil, Nitin Thimmaiah and V.R. Raghunath recall their moment of victory Photo: Sampath Kumar G P
TOPICS
sport
Members of the gold medal winning Indian hockey team at the Asian games talk about their journey and planning for the Olympics
The Karnataka contingent of the victorious Indian hockey team, which won the gold medal at the recent Incheon Asian Games, were warmly welcomed at a felicitation function organised by Hockey Karnataka. The elated trio of S.V. Sunil, V.R. Raghunath and Nikkin Thimmaiah spoke on being part of the side which has brought the coveted medal back to the nation after a gap of 16 years.
The champion feeling
Sunil: It was the biggest moment of my life, especially since we defeated Pakistan in a close final. On the other hand, everyone on the team knew that if India did not win a medal, they would have been dropped from the national team.
Raghunath: Winning the gold medal and standing on the winner’s podium during the medal ceremony - that is what all sportsmen dream of. To have the national anthem playing alongside the Indian flag is the best feeling in the world.
The final against Pakistan
Sunil: The match atmosphere was totally different from anything I have ever experienced. After they scored, I missed an open chance, and I was very disappointed. But, nobody abused me or said anything negative. This is one of the strong points of our team - we stick together even when we are down.
Raghunath: In the league match against Pakistan, we lost because of a small mistake. However, we opted to come back the tough way by beating China, South Korea and then Pakistan again in the final. We were desperate to prove we are the No. 1 team in Asia.
Thimmaiah: The goal that we conceded came quite early, but we knew that we could draw level. We had a lot of chances. It was only a matter of converting one chance. And once we scored the equaliser, we gained a lot of confidence. With the score tied 1-1 at the final hooter, we felt that we were in a much better position to win. We were confident that (goalkeeper) P.R. Sreejesh would pull it off in the penalty shootout.
A stiff semifinal fixture with South Korea
Sunil: That was tougher than the final. As the host, they had huge crowd support. Before the match, we analysed their strengths and weaknesses on video, and executed our plans well. Our strong defence helped us win.
Thimmaiah: South Korea is one of the best teams in Asia. We knew we had to be at our best to win.
Sealing an Olympics spot
Sunil: I have had two experiences with Olympic qualifying, and it is a big relief to just make it through. Now we have a good two years to prepare. In the past, we have sometimes qualified just two months before the start of the Olympics. That had left us with no time to prepare.
Raghunath: It is a fantastic achievement. We have won the Asian Games and have qualified for the Olympics, but now we must forget about all that. We must focus on improving as a team once again.
Thimmaiah: We were well aware that if we win the Asian Games, there was a bonus of qualifying to the Olympics directly. It gave us extra motivation.
The coaching combination of Terry Walsh and Jude Felix
Sunil: It is a good combination. Jude corrects us personally with one-on-one sessions when we go wrong. As a forward, he has helped me with dodging styles. He has been extremely hopeful.
Raghunath: They are an effective combination. If there are any improvements to be made, they conduct one-on-one sessions. They give every player a specific role, and each of us is made aware of his task.

RCom sets up special call centre in cyclone-...Andhra Pradesh
(Reliance will coordinate…)
NEW DELHI: Reliance Communications Monday said that its Andhra Pradesh unit has set up a special call centre to provide assistance to the Hudhud cyclone- and flood-affected people of the state.
The free call center number 1949 will help the affected people to trace the mobile of the customer where it was seen last.
"Reliance call center will immediately provide them the last location where this mobile was radiating, before it got switched off. This will help them to know the last seen locations of the person and some action can be taken accordingly," the company statement said.
In case the number belongs to some other mobile operator, Reliance will coordinate with that operator and get the details and share with them with the caller, the statement added.
The call center service will also provide updates on towers within the state.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Love in the time of Cyclone Hudhud: pics of man rescuing his wifeComments
Cyclone Hudhud left a swathe of destruction in parts of Andhra Pradesh and Odisha, but the loss of life appeared limited after tens of thousands of people sought safety in storm shelters, aid workers and officials said. The cyclone struck just before midday on Sunday, bringing torrential rain and winds of nearly 200 kmph.
As the two states estimated the damage Hudhud had caused, photos of a man rescuing his wife at Gopalpur beach in Odisha made headlines. Little is known about the couple but they are safe. Here are images of their encounter with Hudhud.
Even as state authorities tried their best to restrict human casualties due to cyclone Hudhud in Andhra Pradesh and Odisha on Sunday, revellers made their task tougher by ignoring all warnings to catch a glimpse of the rough sea. (Arabinda Mahapatra/ HT Photo)
On Sunday, police officers kept blowing whistles and waving batons to drive people away from the beach but to no avail. “We have come to Gopalpur after a long time. How can we go back without enjoying our time on the beach,” said Atanu Ghosh, a tourist from West Bengal. (Arabinda Mahapatra/ HT Photo)

Raise marriage to 25: Bihar CM takes history to heightsBihar chief minister Jitan Ram Manjhi has favoured raising the age of marriage for both men and women to 25 in tune with the 'Ashrama system' prescribed in Hindu philosophy for good health and getting rid of malnutrition.
The present permissible age of marriage is 21 for men and 18 for women.
"I believe marriage age for both boys and girls should be raised to 25 in accordance with the age-old tradition of the Ashrama system," Manjhi said on the sidelines of 'Janata ke Darbar me Mukhya Mantri' programme on Monday.
The Ashrama system divides life into four stages on the basis of age. The first stage is "Brahmacharya" (celibacy) till the age of 24; then "Grihastha" from 24-48; followed by "Vanaprastha" (48-72); finally "Sannyasa" (72 till demise).
There was sound reasoning for categorisation of stages in the Shastras, he said and added that health problems, population explosion and malnutrition were due to violation of the age-old practices.
"Why has height of an average person come down to 5 feet from earlier 7 feet?" he asked and answered his rhetorical question by attributing it to early marriage.
The 70-year-old CM cited his own example and said he got married after 25 and that was the reason why he did not have to take any medicine even at this age.
"Lifting marriage age to 25 will solve the problems of bad health and malnutrition among women and infants prevalent in society today," he said.

Maharashtra polls: Every second candidate of major parties have criminal backgroundPolitical parties fielding candidates with criminal background is nothing new and Maharashtra is no exception.
 
The Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) has analysed the affidavits of 2,336 candidates (out of 4,119) contesting the upcoming state elections.
 
Even though the report is only half complete, it covers all the 1,318 candidates from major parties - Congress, BJP, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena, Shiv Sena and NCP. 
 
 
HT looked at the data and found that Shiv Sena and MNS lead in fielding candidates with criminal charges. A whopping 61% and 54% of candidates respectively from these two parties have criminal charges.
 
Further, Shiv sena has fielded the most number of candidates (114) with 'serious' criminal charges.
 
 
Interestingly, most of the major parties have reduced fielding the number of candidates with criminal charges as against the previous assembly elections in 2009.
Moreover, 54% of the constituencies in Maharashtra have three or more candidates with criminal background contesting the elections.
 
In four constituencies of Uran, Kalina, Anushakti Nagar and Vandre East, each has seven candidates with criminal cases against them contesting. Significantly, apart from Uran, all the other three constituencies are in Mumbai.
Story ideated and written by: Sourjya Bhowmick (@sourjyabhowmick)
Edited and visualized by : Vignesh Radhakrishnan (@vinuthewriter)

SC refuses to restrain Srinivasan from contesting electionNew Delhi, October 13, 2014
Updated: October 14, 2014 03:44 IST
Supreme Court refuses to advance BCCI’s AGM
J. Venkatesan
The Hindu ICC chairman N. Srinivasan. File photo
TOPICS
cricket
The Supreme Court on Monday refused to advance the date of the Annual General Meeting of the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) fixed for November 20.
A Bench of Justices T.S. Thakur and Ibrahim Kalifulla did not accept the submissions made on behalf of the Cricket Association of Bihar (CAB) that since the BCCI had postponed the AGM to November, the Board was now without any office-bearer.
The Bench posted the CAB’s application for advancing the AGM for hearing to November 10 along with the main matter relating to the probe into the role of Gurunath Meiyappan in fixing IPL matches.
Appearing for the CAB, counsel Nalini Chidambaram submitted that the BCCI flouted its constitution by deferring the AGM by almost two months. She alleged that as per the Supreme Court orders, ICC president N. Srinivasan could not contest the BCCI elections and to facilitate his return, the AGM had been postponed. She said the continuance of the existing working committee members was illegal.
Senior counsel Aryama Sundaram appearing for the BCCI questioned the CAB’s locus standi and said the CAB, which was not even a member of the BCCI, should not be bothered about the AGM. Justice Thakur told Ms. Chidambaram: “Let us wait for the probe committee report. We are bothered about the allegations of spot-fixing and betting, and not about the AGM. If the probe committee exonerates Mr. Srinivasan he can contest, but if elections are held now he will be disqualified. Your [CAB] real purpose of filing this petition is to prevent Mr. Srinivasan from contesting.”

Govt extends Air India CMD s tenure by about...Government extends Air India CMD Rohit Nandan's tenure by about 10 months
PTI Oct 13, 2014, 06.01PM IST
Tags:
ACC
(Nandan, a 1982 batch IAS officer…)
NEW DELHI: Air India CMD Rohit Nandan was today granted extension till August next year, ending a phase of uncertainty in the national carrier which is going through a difficult process of financial restructuring.
The Appointments Committee of the Cabinet approved the extension of Nandan as the airline's Chairman and Managing Director "till August 21, 2015 or till the appointment of a regular incumbent, whichever is earlier," an order issued by the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) said.
This was the second time 57-year-old Nandan, a 1982 batch IAS officer of Uttar Pradesh cadre, was granted an extension in two months.
The first extension came on August 11 after he completed a three-year term at the helm of Air India, steering it through a difficult phase of merger with the direction that "the process of selection of a new CMD may be completed in the meantime".
Following this, the Civil Aviation Ministry had sought his continuation in the post crediting Nandan with improving the performance of the loss-making airline and successfully making Air India a member of the 27-member global airlines grouping, Star Alliance.
The Ministry was also understood to have pointed out that a new appointment would disturb continuity and affect Air India's performance at a critical stage when its overall performance had started looking up.
In another order, the DoPT extended the tenure of Ramesh Abhishek, Chairman of Forward Markets Commission, for a period of three months beyond October 8 said. Abhishek is a 1982 batch IAS officer of Bihar cadre.
The ACC also extended tenure of Ashok Kumar Gupta, Additional Secretary in Department of Defence Production, for a period of six months beyond October 15. Gupta is a 1981 batch IAS officer of Tamil Nadu cadre.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Vizag still under Cyclone Hudhud s impactYou are here: Home > Collections
Vizag still under Cyclone Hudhud's impact,struggling to restore normalcy
PTI Oct 13, 2014, 06.18PM IST
Tags:
Andhra Pradesh
(Under the impact of Hudhud…)
VISAKHAPATNAM: The picturesque port town of Visakhapatnam, a major industrial, educational and tourism hub in the east coast, is still reeling under the impact of havoc caused by the cyclonic storm Hudhud and is picking up pieces from a trail of destruction left behind by the calamity.
Under the impact of Hudhud that made a landfall here yesterday, accompanied by gusty winds and heavy rains, the city looks like a war-ravaged zone with uprooted trees, knocked down cell towers, transformers, and telephone poles lying strewn at several places.
Communication systems and electricity broke down in the city since Saturday night and people at many a places are falling back on radio to know the updates about the cyclone.
Hudhud did not spare Visakhapatnam airport either blowing away its roof in gales. Lights and boards in the facility are either knocked down on ground or swept away.
"We were scared. We closed windows but the sound of winds itself was scary," a woman resident said.
The flood water has entered residential and apartment complexes at some places and it needs to be pumped out now.
"Visakhapatnam is a place I like very much. But, it is painful to see the city this way today," said Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu who is camping in the city to oversee relief operations.
The residents of the port city, who were confined to their homes, ventured out today with dry weather prevailing after Hudhud tapered off into a deep depression over south Chhattisgarh and its neighbourhood as per the IMD bulletin issued this morning.
Long queues were witnessed at petrol pumps and citizens sought to buy essential food items like milk.
The National Highway 5 (Kolkata-Chennai) was shut as a precautionary measure and uprooted trees and electric poles disrupted the flow of traffic in the city.
With rescue workers, including NDRF personnel, clearing the way, traffic movement revived this afternoon.
Naidu, who undertook an aerial survey of the city today and later held a review with officials, said he would stay put till confidence is instilled among citizens that they can get on with their normal routine.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rags to reel: Meet Shah Rukh Khan s ragpicker fan who turned filmmakerComments
When Kalyan Jana moved from Midnapore in West Bengal to the big, bad city of Mumbai when he was just 15 (in the year 1998), he was a homeless ragpicker on the streets of Juhu. But he wished to do something many would call outrageous. Someday, he wanted to make a film. Now, 16 years later, he’s released a small film in which he also acts, convinced other actors to work for free, and now hopes to be able to help children in need with whatever he earns from it. Not for nothing do they call Mumbai the city of dreams. 
Kalyan Jana
Jana says he’s been saving money for the last 16 years, with the singular aim of making this film. “Dhund Lenge Manzil Hum is based on my life,” he says, adding, “I want to use the profits it generate for the benefit of children who are mentally challenged, suffering from cancer, blind or handicapped.” Released this Friday, Jana’s film is being screened in a few theatres in Vashi and Bhandup. However, Jana says the film will come to a few more suburban theatres on October 17. He’s also meeting Ram Naik, the governor of Uttar Pradesh, in the hope of getting a tax-free release in the state.
Also read: Shah Rukh is the king of Bollywood, says Salman  
Veteran actors like Raza Murad, Mushtaq Khan and Ramesh Goyal did the film for free. “I only had to pay them conveyance to come for the shoot,” Jana says.
Revisiting his initial days in the city, he says, “I was illiterate, so no one would give me a job. That’s how I started collecting bottles and cans from the streets. I would earn Rs. 20- Rs. 25 a day, enough to buy me a meal.”
Watch: Farah can never make a sad film, says Shah Rukh
Shah Rukh Khan">
He went on to work at a flower seller’s stall, helped with decorations at weddings, even managed to learn dance and then give lessons for a while.” Ask Jana about the one actor who’s been an inspiration, and he says, “I’m a huge Shah Rukh Khan fan. I’ve learnt acting from his movies. Every year, on his birthday, I wait with a bouquet of flowers outside Mannat (Shah Rukh’s Bandra residence) in the hope of meeting him.”

Man treks his way to Nepal to rescue kids from traffickingComments
An Uttar Pradesh man trekked 500km to Nepal to free his three children from human traffickers, disguising himself as a beggar, working at a dhaba, cleaning vehicles and toiling at a brick kiln on the way to outwit the gang.
Jagram and seven others were rescued from the clutches of a human trafficking gang in Nepal. (HT Photo)
Jagram, a shop owner in Bahraich district's Turaini Rajab Kudiya village, finally found his sons being held as bonded labourers with 100 other children at a brick-making unit near Kathmandu in August. Jagram said the children were working under the most inhuman conditions, slaving from 3am to 5pm every day without rest and with just two meals.
Thousands of children are trafficked in India every year for domestic servitude or to work for a pittance in sweatshop-like conditions in hazardous fireworks factories and coal mines apart from the carpet-weaving and silk-manufacturing industries.
The problem was brought into focus last week when child rights activist Kailash Satyarthi won the Nobel Peace Prize. Satyarthi, who has been fighting child trafficking and child labour for decades, estimated about 60 million children in India, or 6% of the population, are forced into work.
Jagram's journey to find his sons wasn't easy. He mortgaged his farmland and set off for Nepal in July on a tip from an NGO.
Twenty days later, Jagram found his boys at the brick kiln, transporting soil and fetching water from a nearby lake. The whole area was well fortified and escape seemed hopeless.
But Jagram was determined. To get closer to his sons, he took up work as a labourer at the factory where he found four more children from his village. He asked them not to reveal his identity and to wait for the right moment to escape.
One night when security eased, Jagram took off with the seven children, but they barely made it to the neighbouring highway when security guards raised an alarm.
The group hid under piles of sand in a paddy field and took a bus next morning to Nepalganj - that shares a border with Bahraich - unaware that they were stepping into a trap.
The traffickers caught them at the Nepalganj bus station, took them to a secluded place and thrashed the victims mercilessly.
Jagram pleaded, saying he would return to his village and they could take the children. On being freed, he approached local police who raided the factory and took the owner and an aide into custody.
Nepal police alerted their counterparts in UP and NGO Childline. The children were escorted to the international border and handed over to UP police who sent them home.
"I dreamt of educating my children and giving them a better life. When flood ravaged my village in 2013, I moved to Lucknow and worked at a construction site while my wife and the three children stayed in the village. I returned on hearing that my sons had gone missing," said Jagram.
Jagram now runs a shop in his village while his sons - Amrit Lal, 15, Nakshed, 13, and Akhilesh, 10 - are in school.
Jitendra Chaturvedi, a member of Childline who also manages the NGO Developmental Association for Human Advancement (Dehat) near the Indo-Nepal border, said the two countries should join hands to check child trafficking and strict action is needed against those involved in such inhuman practices.

Sebi bars DLF  six top executives from markets for 3 yearsRealty firm DLF, executives barred from market for 3 years
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi  Mumbai, October 13, 2014
First Published: 16:32 IST(13/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:46 IST(14/10/2014)
Comments
Stock market regulator Sebi cracked down Monday on India’s biggest realty company DLF by barring six top executives, including promoter-chairman KP Singh, from accessing the securities market for three years, choking its options to raise fresh funds.
The move, linked to disclosure lapses in 2007 when DLF went public and listed on exchanges, is the latest in a series of setbacks for the company credited with building Gurgaon as a corporate and residential hub on the barren Aravallis, just outside the Capital.
“I find that a case of active and deliberate suppression of information to mislead and defraud the investors in the securities market in connection with the issue of shares of DLF in its IPO is clearly made out,” Securities and Exchange Board of India’s (Sebi's) whole-time member Rajeev Agarwal said in his 43-page order.
A file photo of DLF chairman KP Singh. Sebi has cracked down on the biggest real estate player of the country by barring the company and its top executives, including Singh, from accessing the securities market for three years.
In 2007, DLF went public in a record-breaking initial public offering of Rs. 9,187 crore, India’s largest at the time.
The real estate giant has faced a number of problems in recent years, including angry lawsuits by customers upset with project delays and political controversies surrounding the company’s alleged links with Robert Vadra, son-in-law of Congress president Sonia Gandhi, whose party lost power earlier this year.
Responding to the order, the company said, “DLF will defend itself to the fullest extent against any adverse findings and measures contained in the order passed by Sebi. DLF has full faith in the judicial process and is confident of vindication of its stand in the near future.”
It was unclear how the firm’s lenders, often the real estate industry’s lifeline, would react to the investigation that looked into charges of failure by the company to properly disclose its relationship with subsidiary firms.
“It can be very damaging for the company,” said lawyer Hiroo Advani. “This could lead them to struggle to complete ongoing projects. Also, if banks start calling in their loans, it would further compound the adverse impact.”
The ruling could also have an adverse impact on the firm’s stock. News of the Sebi ban broke after trading had closed on Indian stock exchanges, when DLF shares were down 3.7% at  Rs. 146.70 on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
The order came after a four-year probe into the process of share transfer by three DLF subsidiaries in three other allegedly related firms -- Sudipti, Shalika and Felicite.
In April 2010, the Delhi high court had asked Sebi to look into the complaint of one Kimsuk Krishna Sinha on the dealings. Calling the share transfer process a “sham transaction”, Sebi said the banned executives employed “a plan, scheme, design and device to camouflage the association” of DLF with these three entities.
This is the second setback for the Delhi-based developer in two weeks. Last week, the Delhi HC dismissed the company’s petition seeking a stay on investigations by the anti-trust regulator Competition Commission of India into allegations of anti-competitive practices.
DLF executives barred by Sebi include KP Singh’s son Rajiv Singh (vice-chairman), daughter Pia Singh (whole-time director),   TC Goyal (managing director), Kameshwar Swarup and Ramesh Sanka. All these people, including KP Singh and his two children, were part of the top management at the time of filing IPO documents.
About G S Talwar, also a non-executive director at that time, Sebi said it could not be established whether he was involved in day-to-day operations and was therefore given the “benefit of doubt”.
In a statement, the company, however, reassured “investors and all other stakeholders that it has not acted in contravention of law either during its initial public offer or otherwise”.
“DLF and its board were guided by and acted on the advice of eminent legal advisors, merchant bankers and audit firms while formulating its offer documents,” the release said.

Tatas launch housing e-commerce siteTatas launch housing e-commerce site
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 13, 2014 05:38 PM IST
Tata Value Homes, the budget housing unit of Tata Housing today lauched its e-commerce portal www.Tatavaluehomes.com which will allow home buyers across the world to buy its homes.
Under its One Price One Nation' offer, the customers will be able to buy a particular unit at a flat price across Ahmedabad, Bengaluru, Mumbai, Pune and Chennai.
All one bed room apartments will be priced at Rs 29.9 lakh, two BHKs at Rs 39.9 lakh, 2 BHK large at 49.9 lakh and 3 BHKs at 59.9 lakh. The buyers need to pay a booking amount of Rs 30,000 online.
About 25% of Tata Value Homes sales came from online sales this year and the company expect to take it to 45% in the next two years.
Value Homes has sold over a million sq.ft. of residential space, which translates into over 700 units, generating over Rs300 crore worth of revenue in the value and affordable housing segment.
Recently, it tied up with e-commerce marketplace Snapdeal to sell homes online.

Tiny cylinder may be Google Glass alternativeTiny cylinder may be Google Glass alternative
By PTI | 13 Oct, 2014, 06.27PM IST
0
Share More
The prototype of the cylinder is dubbed Loupe, so named because it bears a resemblance to the little magnifying glass that jewellers use to inspect stones, 'MIT Technology Review' reported. (In photo: Google Glass)
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: A tiny cylinder that can be held up to one eye when you want to check your Twitter feed or Instagram may provide an alternative to the intrusiveness of wearable devices such as Google Glass.
Researchers from Nokia and several universities have created a cylinder about the size of a tube of lipstick that provides an eye-level display for quick, discreet access to messages, news and updates.
When not in use, it can be worn as a pendant or tucked away in a pocket.
The prototype of the cylinder is dubbed Loupe, so named because it bears a resemblance to the little magnifying glass that jewellers use to inspect stones, 'MIT Technology Review' reported.
With the Loupe, researchers suggest, the obvious act of holding it up to your eye, rather than gazing into the distance as you would with a head-up display, makes it easier to signal to someone that you are using it.
This could make people around you more comfortable, since they know whether or not you are paying attention to them - a common concern with devices like Google Glass.
"By having a handheld device that is in front of the eye only when it is used, we provide a very strong signal," said Kent Lyons, a principal research scientist at Yahoo Labs and paper co-author who conducted the work while working for Nokia.
"Just as it is pretty obvious when someone is using their phone, the same is true of Loupe," Lyons said.
The Loupe prototype is three centimetres wide, with a circular hole at one end that users look into to see a small, circular floating display.
Four rings of copper-coloured touch electrodes encircle the device, and an actual jeweller's loupe is included near one end for manually focusing the image.

Packed with melody highsUpdated: October 9, 2014 15:54 IST
Packed with melody highs
music
The concerts held as part of the Navarathri music and dance festival in Kochi kept audiences spellbound.
It was another occasion for stalwarts to revive and relish the Navarathri kritis of Swati Tirunal in Kochi.
Mavelikkara Subramaniam
He took off with a brisk rendition of the Hamir Kalyani varnam ‘Innu Thamasame’.
The vocalist presented ‘Gananathanai kaithozhuthidene’, and well-chiselled swaras in single and dual cycles that pepped up the rest of the concert. A short alaapana of Kanada revolved mainly on phrases around dhaivatha and this was tagged on to Swati Tirunal’s ‘Mamavasada Janani’.
The vocalist allotted a great deal of time for kalpanaswaras at this stage, and crisp swaras in short cycles ensued. The Sudhasaveri song ‘Darini telusu konti’ with its many sangatis was presented with the focus on the right kalapramana and Balakrishna Kamath never faltered in catching the phrases right on the mridangam.
Sunitha Harishankar supported the vocalist well in his alaapana of raga Lalitha and the kriti ‘Nannubrova Lalitha’. A nearly 30-minute ragalaapana and tanam delineation of Todi ended in ‘Bharathi Mamava’.
Pattabhirama Pandit
The vocalist’s music had its thrilling moments and his vivacious kalpanaswaras were a treat in his rendition of ‘Sreevaralakshmi’ in raga Sri. Pattabhirama Pandit’s raga essays in Poorvikalyani showcased the upper sancharas and there were charming variations in the swara patterns for ‘Deva deva jagadeeswara’. After a pleasing ‘Kanjadalayadakshi’ in Kamalamanohari, he presented Bhairavi alaapana with modulated gamakas and phrases that sketched the very nature of the raga.
T.H. Subramaniam was spontaneous in his exposition. The vocalist’s racy tanam singing evoked applause. ‘Janani mamava’ was the kriti presented and its niraval with numerous variations was the main highlight of the concert. These were tagged on to some swaras with superb kanakku and combinations.
Bangalore H.S. Sudheendra’s high decibel mridangam was another high point of the concert. Tripunithura Kannan supported on the ghatam. ‘Saramaina’ in Behag and Dhanashree thillana were the closing pieces.
Amrutha Murali
It was surprising when Amrutha Murali decided to open the eighth day’s concert with ‘Sumasayaka’, the Swati padavarnam in Kapi, a less sung piece. Her swara essays for ‘Vidulaku mrokeda’ in Mayamalavagowla were rather expansive; this could have been controlled.
Her full throated alaapanas sans any modulations had a different flavour to it and the Poorvikalyani rendition was no exception. ‘Ninnuvina gamari’ had a magnificent niraval and swaras. ‘Manavyalakim’ in Nalinakanti and ‘Soundararajam’ in Vrindavanasaranga were the interim pieces.
Amrutha’s Nattakurinji raga alaapana was abrupt and took off at a rapid pace. ‘Pahi janani santhatham’ was the kriti chosen and her rather elaborate niraval on the line ‘Kamaneeya tamaroope’ and swaras were structured and creative.
A disciple of Umayalpuram Sivaraman, N.C. Bharadwaj is a youngster who has made his presence felt.
His vibrant tani in lightning speed with no compromise on clarity left a telling impact. Veteran ganjira player Thrikkakara Shantaram supported the mridangam artiste wholesomely. After ‘Adum Chidambaramo’ in Behag, Amrutha sang a sloka with swift raga changes from Sindhu Bhairavi to Dwijavanthi culminating in the Swati padam ‘Taruni Njaan enthu cheyvu’.
Flute by Visweswar, vocal concerts by Moozhikulam Harikrishnan, A. Narayanan and Suma Pisharody, and Mohiniyattam performances by Aswathi Sankarlal and Kalamandalam Sugandhi and troupe were the other major attractions of the nine-day long Navarathri Music and Dance festival organised by Edappally Sangeeta Sadas.

The heroines boyfriendUpdated: October 11, 2014 19:02 IST
The heroine’s boyfriend
After Bobby in Bobby Jasoos, Ali Fazal bats for Sonali in Sonali Cable but has no qualms about female-centric films
You know him better as Bobby Jasoos’ boyfriend Tassavur.
Despite his initial reservations, Ali Fazal now has no qualms about playing second fiddle to the heroine. “Heroines have played second fiddle to the hero for decades. So it’s okay to have the hero play “second fiddle” as you call it. My next few films are all male-centric… but Bobby Jasoos has given me a new perspective,” he says, during a quick interview he’s doing to promote his new film Sonali Cable, where he’s standing by Rhea Chakraborty to fight an evil broadband corporation that’s threatening to shut down her cable internet business.
“I’m a sucker for romance and I signed this even before I did Bobby Jasoos. Sonali Cable is a story about underdogs taking on a powerful corporation. It was a tight schedule and we had workshops to prepare for the role,” says the natural actor who has never needed acting school or theatre experience.
“I did a few stage plays but not enough to call it serious experience. I was studying economics and playing basketball when I got a call to audition for Red Chillies. If somebody tells you that you are the lead in an SRK film, wouldn’t you do it? Always Kabhi Kabhi was a high school movie. It definitely made me mature as an actor. I learnt from the producers of Always Kabhi Kabhi and Fukrey… I used to pick their brains.”
But Ali says he saw himself grow as an actor only during Bobby Jasoos. “I saw it happening while we were shooting. Something changed then, I would like to think,” he explains.
So much for a role he almost turned down. “I had apprehensions but Dia (Mirza) called me back and showed me the songs. What really attracted me to the film was the romance. I thought I could make a difference. I didn’t come here to be a poster boy.”
Sonali Cable, which releases on October 17, is an entertainer but not a big film.
“It’s somewhere in the middle. We don’t like to call it commercial nor is it fully arthouse because Anupam Kher plays a dramatic villain and it has songs. It’s something I kept asking the director too: Where do we fit?”
Ali shot for it much before Bobby Jasoos. “But rawness works for this film. You will see me more chikna, a lot younger. I haven’t seen any of my films fully, so I don’t know if I have improved as an actor.”
What does he mean he’s never seen his own films? “I just can’t get myself to see the full film. Yes, I go to the premiere but I’ve never managed to sit from start to finish. But you get to know how you’ve done through the reviews. I read, listen and take whatever I can and use it in the next.”
Coming up next is a psychological romantic thriller called Khamoshiyaan for Mahesh Bhatt’s banner. “It’s the Bhatt genre. There’s a hint of the supernatural, but mostly it’s a boy’s journey from narcissism to selflessness. Mahesh Bhatt and Vikram Bhatt have become more of a family to me,” he says, adding he’s doing another film (still untitled) with them, to be directed by Pooja Bhatt.

Will the new Skoda Yeti have buyers in IndiaHi Guest
Will the new Skoda Yeti have buyers in India?
The Skoda Yeti is even more appealing than before but is positioned in a way which will attract few buyers in India, says Faisal Ali Khan of MotorBeam.com   Compact SUVs (sports utility vehicles) are seeing a boost in demand in India and although low prices are associated with such a segment, there are few expensive offerings in the market as well. Case in point is the Skoda Yeti, a car which has the footprint of a large hatchback yet it can tread the less beaten path. Launched in India ...

Indices post a comebackThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India  Canada to talk easing of visa  securi...India, Canada to talk easing of visa, defence, security ties
PTI Oct 13, 2014, 06.30PM IST
Tags:
canada
NEW DELHI: India and Canada will hold its second round of Strategic Dialogue here tomorrow during which issues like visa simplification for businessmen, defence and security ties would be on the agenda even as the Indian side is expected to convey concerns over reported activities of some pro-Khalistan elements.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj along with her Canadian counterpart John Baird will co-chair the dialogue which will focus on areas of cooperation in security, defence, counter-terrorism, space and nuclear energy.
According to official sources, India would be conveying its concerns over reports of activities of some pro-Khalistan elements during the meeting. The two countries are also working on simplification of visas for businessmen, they said.
Baird is accompanied by Canadian International Trade Minister Ed Fast and National Revenue Minister Kerry-Lynne Findlay among others.
India will also find out how Canada could assist in government's development and economic agenda which includes skill training, urban planning and improving lives in 500 cities which have more than one lakh population.
The MEA Spokesperson had said the government's ambitious project of 100 smart cities will also be discussed with the visiting dignitary and how they can partner in that.
The two sides are also expected to discuss ways to enhance trade ties, which they maintain do not reflect the true potential of the commercial relationship.
The bilateral trade in 2012 was $5.2 billion, in 2013 it increased to over $5.7 billion, registering a rise of 7.69 per cent. However, the two sides share desire to see the bilateral trade reach $15 billion by 2015.
The two countries are also negotiating Foreign Investment Promotion Agreement (FIPA), and Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement (CEPA).
Civil nuclear energy cooperation is another key area between the two countries which signed a civil nuclear cooperation agreement in 2010 that allowed them to initiate negotiations for supply of uranium.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://cnb.cx/1swS6NQFrench bank, Twitter team up for money transfers via tweets
Monday, 13 Oct 2014 |  1:10  AM ET
Reuters
Fabrice Dimier | Bloomberg | Getty Images
The Groupe BPCE, parent group of Natixis, headquarters are seen in Paris, France.
One of France's largest banks is teaming up with social network Twitter this week to allow its customers to transfer money via tweets.
The move by Groupe BPCE, France's second largest bank by customers, coincides with Twitter's own push into the world of online payments as the social network seeks new sources of revenue beyond advertising.
Twitter is racing other tech giants Apple and Facebook to get a foothold in new payment services for mobile phones or apps. They are collaborating and, in some cases, competing with banks and credit card issuers that have run the business for decades.
The bank said last month it was prepared to offer simple person-to-person money transfers via Twitter to French consumers, regardless of what bank they use, and without requiring the sender know the recipient's banking details.
Read More Activist investor Icahn asks Apple to make a tender offer forshares
"(S-Money) offers Twitter users in France a new way to send each other money, irrespective of their bank and without having to enter the beneficiary's bank details, with a simple tweet," Nicolas Chatillon, chief executive of S-Money,  BPCE's mobile payments unit, said in the statement.
Payment by tweets will be managed via the bank's S-Money service, which allows money transfers via text message and relies on the credit-card industry's data security standards.
BPCE and Twitter declined to provide further details ahead of a news conference in Paris on Tuesday to unveil the service.
Last month, Twitter started trials of its own new service, dubbed "Twitter Buy",  to allow consumers to find and buy products on its social network.
The service embeds a "Twitter Buy" button inside tweets posted by more than two dozen stores, music artists and non-profits. Burberry , Home Depot , and musicians such as Pharrell and Megadeth are among the early vendors.
Twitter's role to date has been to connect customers rather than processing payments or checking their identities.
"From the Twitter point of view, there is a limit to their appetite for getting involved in payments processing itself," said Andrew Copeman, a payments analyst with financial services research firm AITE Group, who is based in Edinburgh, Scotland.
Read More Burberry's Christopher Bailey tops LGBT business ranking
"At the moment, banks are probably viewing Twitter and other social media networks as marketing channels to reach a wider set of their customers and to extend the bank's existing mobile banking initiatives," he said.
Twitter's success in developing additional services on its platform as Facebook has done will be key to its future profitability. Rakuten Bank in Japan offers a similar "Transfer by Facebook" service that lets users of its mobile banking app send money to anyone in their Facebook friends list.
Investors have been worried about Twitter's slowing user growth, sending the shares down about 17 percent this year, while rival Facebook's have climbed 35 percent.
Read MoreTwitter grants $10 million to MIT for research
Thomas Husson, a marketing strategy analyst with Forrester Research, said Twitter was likely to multiply efforts to explore new ways to generate revenue with banks and credit card firms.
"Twitter wants to more explicitly demonstrate the overall value of its network as an advertising platform," he said.
Related Securities

http://twitter.com/CNBC/...
Sridevi slaps legal notice on Ram Gopal VermaView Photo
Ram Gopal Varma: 'I am deeply hurt by Sridevi's actions but I will go ahead with …
Bollywood's favourite controversy child Ram Gopal Varma, who had recently got a legal notice from Sridevi for using her name as the title of his upcoming Telugu film revolving around a school boy's crush on an older woman, issued a statement expressing his feelings on the issue.
In his statement, RGV said, ''In the legal notice sent to me, there seems to be an apprehension that the film "Sridevi" is based on a crush I personally had for Sridevi in my college years ...I,many times over the last 5 years expressed this publicly in both the media and also to her which was taken by all concerned in a humorous and healthy spirit.
Now coming to the film "Sridevi", the story is about a teenager's infatuation towards a 25 year old woman...a subject matter like this was earlier dealt with, in such films as Malena, Cinema Paradiso, Summer of 42, Raj Kapoor's Mera Naam Joker etc to name just a few...But coming to the film Sridevi neither is the woman playing the title role in my film is an actress nor the boy is a director...Also there's a huge age gap between the boy and woman in the film "Sridevi " which is not the case with me and the real Sridevi.
The title has been given to us by the Andhra Pradesh Film Chamber which is the authorised body for such deeds…moreover films with this same title "Sridevi "have been made and released atleast 3 times in the last two decades ...The Film chamber already sent a reply saying that they are well within their rights to grant the title to us.
The film was earlier titled "Saavitri" but we changed it not for reasons of the protests as some sections of the media are falsely reporting...The reason for the change in title is due to a miscommunication on the production part they went ahead with the title without acquiring it from the previous right holder of the title...when the previous title holder refused to give the title we changed it to "Sridevi".After the producer got the title he went ahead with the printing of standees and hoardings with the new title…When Mr.Boney Kapoor called me I explained to him both orally and in a msg which I have also given to the press with regard to clearing the speculations on the so called controversial content of the subject...
I am deeply hurt by this action of Sridevi whom I always admired and respected and I strongly believe that she was influenced by others with vested interests…I am going ahead with the title "Sridevi" because I am well within my legal and moral rights to use it…legal because a name cannot be copyrighted and also like I said the film has nothing to do with the real Sridevi to the extent that the protagonist is not even an actress...moral because I know in my heart that I will never do anything to degrade or demean Sridevi and the final outcome of the film will prove that...''
For Sridevi and Gauri Shinde, celebrations are pretty much in order even though almost two years have passed by since the release of her debut feature film ENGLISH VINGLISH. While the film has been ... more 
For Sridevi and Gauri Shinde, celebrations are pretty much in order even though almost two years have passed by since the release of her debut feature film ENGLISH VINGLISH. While the film has been seeing mainstream release across continents in the months gone by and is seeing some good adulation and moolah coming in equal measures, its massive success in Japan has been unprecedented. less 
1 / 30
Yahoo India Movies | Photo by Business of Cinema
Tue 13 Aug, 2013 11:30 AM IST

Foreign investors can buy up to 74% paid up capital in UPL LtdThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

No firing by Pakistan along Intl Border in JammuThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rupee gains on positive Chinese dataThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Asia Pacific Market: Stocks fall on concerns about faltering global growthThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hudhud impact: Heavy rains  strong winds lash ChhattisgarhThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Uddhav Thackeray s Shiv Sena rages as BJP tags it a  mouse   vows to retaliateThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Govt may allow telcos to use spectrum as collateral for bank loansGovt may allow telcos to use spectrum as collateral for bank loans
BS Reporter | New Delhi Oct 14, 2014 12:46 AM IST
The Department of Telecommunications (DoT) is likely to allow telecom operators to use spectrum as collateral to secure loans from banks.
In a recent discussion, the DoT proposed to modify the tripartite agreements telecom companies signed with the government and lenders. Provisions of the existing agreement were framed in 1998. Since then, the sector has seen many changes. Also, licensing norms have been modified, with spectrum being delinked from licences, under the unified licensing regime.
The DoT has said two separate tripartite agreements aren’t feasible, adding the finance and law ministries should consider bringing spectrum under one such agreement. It said a tripartite agreement was necessary to finance telecom projects, as funds came through equity or loans.
Earlier, the DoT had said spectrum couldn’t be used as collateral to secure loans from banks as airwaves were the property of the state.
In the telecom spectrum auction in February, operators had to shell out about Rs 18,000 crore for spectrum. For financing telecom projects, banks sought spectrum as collateral, as they had burnt their fingers during the 2008 auction, which was quashed by the Supreme Court in 2012. This followed the Comptroller and Auditor General saying the government had allocated the spectrum at throwaway prices, resulting in a presumptive revenue loss of Rs 1.76 lakh crore to the exchequer. The cancellation of licences forced a few firms to shut shops, while others scaled down operations.
Together, Indian banks have an exposure of about Rs 20,000 crore to telecom companies in the country. The government has said it will hold the next round of spectrum auction across bands in February next year.

Nick Butler: French privatisationAbout Nick
Blog guide
Welcome. If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read FT blogs. However, our posts remain free.
This blog looks at the relationship between energy and power, plus the global trends and influences on the industry. Nick aims to blog twice a week
Nick Butler is Visiting Professor and Chair of the Kings Policy Institute at Kings College London.
He spent 29 years with BP, including five years as Group Vice President for Policy and Strategy Development at BP from 2002 to 2006.   He has also served as Senior Policy Adviser at No 10, Chairman of the Centre for European Reform and Treasurer of the Fabian Society.
Nick Butler is an investor in, and an adviser to a number of companies and institutions in the energy business.  The views expressed are solely those of Mr Butler.  This material is not intended to provide and should not be relied upon for investment advice or recommendations.   Readers are urged to seek professional advice before making any investment.
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Future Group shares gain 6% on Amazon tie-upFuture Group shares surge 6.4% as company ties up with Amazon
By Reuters | 13 Oct, 2014, 10.01AM IST
Future Group, the parent company, said that it is in a strategic partnership with Amazon Inc to sell its products through Amazon.in platform.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Shares of Future Retail Ltd surged as much as 6.4 per cent, while Future Lifestyle Fashions advanced 5 per cent.
Future Group , the parent company, said that it is in a strategic partnership with Amazon Inc to sell its products through Amazon.in platform.
Traders see this as an opportunity to tap online market and may increase their revenue substantially.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Nifty ends @ 7 884; Sensex gains 87 points | Crude may slip to $80; OMCs a blind betNifty ends @ 7,884; Sensex gains 87 points; Jet, DLF take 4% hit
PTI Oct 13, 2014, 04.40PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Infosys was the top gainer…)
MUMBAI: After falling in initial trade, the benchmark Sensex today rebounded over 86 points to end at 26,384.07 on the back of gains in key bluechips led by Coal India, Infosys, Hero MotorCorp, SBI and Maruti.
The Sensex, which commenced the day on a weak note at 26,275.07, slipped further to touch the day's low of 26,092.69 after investors focussed on weak economic data.
However, late buying by overseas funds and retail investors at prevailing levels helped the 30-share index rebound and close with a gain of 86.69 points, or 0.33 per cent, at 26,384.07. Intra-day, it rose to a high of 26,443.16. The gauge had plunged 340 points on Friday on profit-booking.
India's industrial production slowed down to a five-month low of 0.4 per cent in August due to contraction in manufacturing output and lower offtake of consumer goods. However, investors ignored the data in afternoon trade.
Coal India caught buyers' fancy among the Sensex pack and it rose 1.91 per cent after reports said foreign brokerage HSBC upgraded the stock to "overweight" from "neutral".
Other major gainers which also helped the Sensex to close in positive zone were Tata Power, Tata Steel, TCS, ICICI Bank, Axis Bank, Maruti Suzuki, HDFC, HDFC Bank, Bajaj Auto, ONGC and Hindalco.
Stocks of RIL ended 0.26 per cent lower ahead of quarterly earnings to be released later this evening.
Selling in Cipla, Dr Reddy's, Sun Pharma , ITC, Hindustan Unilever, Mahindra and Mahindra, L&T, NTPC, BHEL, Bharti Airtel and GAIL, capped the rise, brokers said.
Overall, 17 Sensex shares ended higher while 13 finished in the negative zone.
Sectorally, the BSE Metal index gained the most by rising 1.37 per cent, followed by Banking (1.35 per cent), IT (1.17 per cent), PSU (0.77 per cent), Power (0.14 per cent) and Oil & Gas index (0.11 per cent).
The broad-based 50-issue Nifty of the NSE also recovered by 24.30 points, or 0.31 per cent, to 7,884.25. It shuttled between 7,796.00 and 7,901.15 during the session.
Meanwhile, FIIs sold shares worth a net Rs 719.77 crore last Friday as per provisional data from exchanges.
Globally, it was a mixed closing on other Asian bourses while cues were positive from the European markets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sebi bars DLF  chairman KP Singh from securities market for 3 yearsYou are here: Home > Collections
SEBI bars DLF, KP Singh & five top executives from entering securities markets for 3 years
Reena Zachariah, ET Bureau Oct 14, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
DLF
(In a statement late Monday…)
MUMBAI: India's largest builder DLF, which has been in the centre of a political storm for its alleged dealings with Robert Vadra, has now received a body blow from the capital market watchdog Sebi. DLF, its Chairman KP Singh, some members of the promoter family and a few senior executives have been barred from dealing in stocks and securities for three years by Sebi.
The regulatory action stems from the DLF management's failure to disclose material information to investors during the firm's maiden equity offer in 2007. The Sebi order dated October 10 was uploaded on the regulator's website well after trading hours on Monday when realty stocks such as DLF and Unitech fell 4% while others like Sobha Developers, Godrej Properties and Phoenix Mills rose. Option traders who may have had a whiff of the bad news took positions during the day. Singh's son Rajiv — vice-chairman of the real estate company — and daughter Pia — a whole-time director in the firm — are among those barred from accessing the securities market.
DLF is likely to challenge the order before the Securities Appellate Tribunal, a quasi judicial body.
The controversy that culminated in the final Sebi order was sparked just before DLF launched its IPO.
A few days before the Rs 9,187.5-crore IPO opened in 2007, Sebi had received complaints from one Kimsuk Krishna Sinha, who alleged that DLF group entity Sudipti Estates and other persons had duped him of Rs 34 crore in a land deal.
The complainant, Kimsuk Krishna Sinha, had pointed out that Sudipti had only two shareholders — DLF Home Developers and DLF Estate Developers — which were wholly owned subsidiaries of DLF. The DLF management had then denied that Sudipti was part of the group. Sinha subsequently filed a writ petition before the Delhi High Court, which then directed Sebi to examine the matter. At the high court's direction, Sebi issued show-cause notices (SCN) to DLF and its seven senior officials. The regulator alleged the company and the officials concerned had used a complex corporate structure to disassociate Sudipti from DLF.
Thus, Sudipti did not figure in the IPO prospectus of DLF. "The Noticees actively and knowingly suppressed several material information and facts in the red herring prospectus (RHP)/prospectus leading to misstatements in the RHP/prospectus so as to mislead and defraud the investors in securities market in connection with the issue of shares of DLF," said the Sebi order, which includes the response of DLF and its directors.
In a statement late Monday evening, DLF denied any wrong-doing and said its actions were guided by advice from lawyers and merchant bankers.
"DLF and its board wish to reassure its investors and all other stakeholders that it has not acted in contravention of law either during its initial public offer or otherwise. DLF and its board were guided by and acted on the advice of eminent legal advisors, merchant bankers and audit firms while formulating its offer documents. DLF will defend itself to the fullest extent against any adverse findings and measures contained in the order passed by Sebi. DLF has full faith in the judicial process and is confident of vindication of its stand in the near future."
In his response to Sebi, which is quoted in the order, KP Singh said the show-cause notice was issued to him in his capacity as DLF chairman and there was no allegation of any wrong-doing on his part. Also, he said, there was no concept of strict or vicarious liability under Section 11 of the Sebi Act which would enable the regulator to issue directions against directors in the absence of any specific allegations against them.
Singh's legal representative also submitted that given the complexity and specialised nature of the IPO process and his advanced age of 82 years, Singh relied on the advice of various experts involved in the process such as merchant bankers, and acted in a bona fide manner on such expert advice. Leading investment banks such as DSP Merrill Lynch, Kotak, Citi, Lehman, Deutsche Equities, ICICI Securities, UBS and SBI Capital Markets were associated with the IPO.
"It's an excellent order clearly establishing the fact that in the eyes of law, no one is big or small," said JN Gupta, founder & MD, Stakeholders Empowerment Services. In its order, Sebi said DLF continued to be in control of the board of directors of Sudipti and related entities such as Shalika and Felicite, which remained its subsidiaries even after the purported transfer of shareholding in them on November 29-30, 2006. Thus, according to Sebi, the three companies were related parties and DLF had failed to disclose its related party transactions.
"Sebi has sent the right message to those who think they (can) get (away) by violating regulations and suppressing information," said Huzefa Nasikwala of Nasikwala Law Office. "I would like to see more stringent action from the market regulator in coming days." Sebi's whole-time member Rajeev Kumar Agarwal, who signed the order, said, "I, therefore, find that the purported transfers of shareholding in the said three companies were sham transactions devised as aplan, scheme, design and device to camouflage the association of DLF with these three companies as holding-subsidiary."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Polaris cracks 5% after demerger; hits lower circuitYou are here: Home > Collections > Demerger
Polaris Financial hits lower circuit of 5% post demerger
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 13, 2014, 11.55AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jain
(Polaris plans to continue…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Polaris Financial Technologies extended losses for third straight session as the company formally completed its demerger process.
The company in its board meeting held in September, had fixed October 10 as the record date for the purpose of determining the list of shareholders who are entitled to receive the shares in Intellect Design Arena Limited, the resulting company after the demerger.
The stock had tanked nearly 21 per cent on October 09 as it traded at ex-demerger price.
"Board meeting will be held on October 15 to allot 1 share of Intellect to shareholders of Polaris," said Arun Jain , Chairman and Managing Director, Polaris Financial Technology to ET Now
Polaris plans to continue to invest in sales & marketing for products business. It has 185 customers globally out of which 10 clients are in above $5 million bracket.
At 11:20 a.m.; the stock was at 5 per cent lower circuit at Rs 194.15 on the BSE . It has corrected 21 per cent in the past three sessions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RBI Working Paper Series 10: Analytics of Food Inflation in IndiaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Coal blocks allocated in brazen fashion by ...CBI
(The court also issued summons…)
NEW DELHI: The entire process of allocation of coal blocks was done in a "brazen fashion" and officers of the Ministry of Coal abused their positions and acted in "an arbitrary and illegal" manner, a special court today observed.
The court said that act of not scrutinising applications of companies or allotting coal blocks in a "clandestine manner" without explaining the reasons as to why these firms have been selected and why the others were not selected "amounted to an act of criminal mis-conduct by the public servants".
"This act also amounted to allowing misappropriation of country's natural resources by private firms in furtherance of the criminal conspiracy," special CBI judge Bharat Parashar said.
The court made the remarks while refusing to accept CBI's closure report in a coal blocks allocation scam case in which it summoned as accused former Coal Secretary H C Gupta, the then Joint Secretary K S Kropha, and the then Director CA-I Section of Ministry of Coal K C Samaria.
The court also issued summons to Madhya Pradesh-based Kamal Sponge Steel and Power Limited (KSSPL), its Managing Director Pawan Kumar Ahluwalia and Chartered Accountant Amit Goyal asking them to appear before it on October 31.
They were summoned as accused for the offences including cheating, criminal conspiracy, criminal breach of trust by public servant and under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
The court, in its order, said officers of Ministry of Coal (MOC) and the screening committee members were exercising a dominion over a valuable property i.e. the country's natural resources and they were duty bound to ensure that it does not stand allocated to unscrupulous persons.
"However for reasons best known to the MOC officers and the Screening Committee, the entire process of allocation of coal blocks was undertaken in such a brazen fashion that even before issuing letters of allotment of coal blocks, no care was taken to at least scrutinise the applications for their eligibility or completeness much less to verify particulars mentioned in the application," the court said.
The court observed that conduct of Coal Ministry officers involved in the entire process of coal blocks allocation was prima facie arbitrary and illegal.
  "Prima facie their actions in acting in an arbitrary and illegal manner i.e. without following any objectivity and transparency in the matter of allocation of such important natural resources of the country amounts to abusing of their position as such public servants and in the process obtaining pecuniary advantage to M/s KSSPL," it said.
It said it was prima facie clear that non-scrutinising of KSSPL's application for eligibility and completeness on the part of MOC officers was on account of their active collusion.
"The arbitrary manner in which MOC officers functioned followed by the perfunctory manner in which the Screening Committee headed by Secretary (Gupta), MOC, deliberated upon such an important issue and made its recommendations for allotment of Thesgora-B/Rudrapuri Coal Block to M/s KSSPL, clearly amounted to an act by public servants of not only abusing their position as such public servants but also acting against public interest...," it said.
It added prima facie offence of criminal conspiracy was made out against accused from the facts of the case.
The court also did not accept the contentions of CBI's investigating officer (IO) that the application given by KSSPL to MOC seeking allocation of coal blocks were not properly scrutinised by the officers of the ministry as there was shortage of manpower and it was an act of negligence.
The court, in its order, gave the example of selection process of lower divisional clerks (LDCs) in the government saying "if the applications are not scrutinised at the initial stage being voluminous in nature then at least before issuance of actual letters of appointment, particulars of candidates are verified and cross checked from the documents produced by them or by way of police verification".
The court said Kropha, who was Member Secretary of the Screening Committee, and Gupta, then Chairman of Screening Committee, were responsible to ensure that all necessary precautions as expected to be undertaken to ensure reasonable safeguards were adopted.
Rather, they chose to abuse their official position by not adopting any such reasonable safeguards to protect the public interest, it said.
"They, in fact acted arbitrarily and in a non-objective manner while dealing with such important matter of public concern i.e. the natural resources of the country and thus belied the trust of the people imposed in them," it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Essar Ports  Shipping spurt as boards approv...Essar Ports, Essar Shipping spurt as boards approve delisting
PTI Oct 13, 2014, 06.43PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Boards of directors of Essar…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Essar Shipping and Essar Ports surged up to 20 per cent as the Essar Group plans to delist the two companies from stock exchanges.
Stocks of Essar Shipping zoomed 20 per cent to Rs 23.70, which was its upper circuit limit at the BSE.
Shares of Essar Ports rallied 18.20 per cent to settle at Rs 108.15. During the day, it surged 20 per cent to 52-week high of Rs 109.80.
The boards of directors of Essar Ports and Essar Shipping have approved a proposal they received from Essar Shipping & Logistics, one of the promoters, to delist shares from the BSE and the NSE.
Both companies will seek the consent of shareholders for delisting proposal through a postal ballot and e-voting.
In a filing to BSE today, Essar Ports said it has received an approval from promoter group companies including Essar Shipping and Logistics Ltd, Essar Projects (India) Ltd, Essar Steel India Ltd , Imperial Consultants and Securities Pvt Ltd and Essar Global Fund Ltd.
The promoters believes that the delisting of the share of Essar Ports from the stock exchanges would provide the promoter group increased flexibility to support the business and financial needs of the company and enable them to optimally fund the growth initiatives of the company.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sebi issues guidance on one-time registratio...capital market
(According to Sebi, entities…)
MUMBAI: Sebi today issued guidelines to stock exchanges and clearing houses that require them to share information about their members, among others, as part of streamlining the registration process for market entities.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) had recently notified new norms that require stock brokers and clearing entities to have one-time single registration certificate to operate across different bourses.
In a circular today, the market regulator has issued guidelines for bourses and clearing corporations for purpose of "implementing the revised registration requirements".
As part of the guidelines, among others, the capital market watchdog has asked the stock exchanges and clearing corporations to "coordinate and share information with one another, about their members".
Further, the guidelines for the bourses and clearing houses pertain to registration process required in case of new market entities as well as existing ones.
A new entity seeking to act as a stock broker or clearing member is required to apply to Sebi through the respective stock exchange or clearing corporation in the manner prescribed in the broker regulations, the regulator said.
"The entity shall be issued one certificate of registration, irrespective of the stock exchange(s)/clearing corporation(s) or number of segment(s)," Sebi said.
Meanwhile, an entity already registered with Sebi can directly apply for approval to the concerned exchange or clearing corporation. In such cases, Sebi has to be informed about such grant of approval.
According to the regulator the entities would continue to pay fees for each segment approved by the stock exchange or clearing corporation, as practised currently.
Further, Sebi has asked exchanges as well as clearing corporation to grant approval to Sebi registered entities for operating in any segment "after exercising due diligence and on being satisfied about the compliance of all relevant eligibility requirements".
They would have to ensure that the applicant, its directors, proprietor, partners and associates satisfy the 'Fit and Proper Criteria', have taken satisfactory corrective steps to rectify the deficiencies or irregularities observed in the past and all pending dues have been recovered.
Among others, the bourses or clearing corporation may also carry out inspection, wherever considered appropriate.
Sebi has directed the exchanges and clearing houses to bring these guidelines to the notice of their members as well as communicate to the regulator about the status of the implementation of these guidelines through monthly development report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Analysts expect strong rally on RIL post Q2 resultThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

ISL will change the face of Indian football: TendulkarThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

After Modi praise  Congress axes Tharoor as spokesman (Roundup)Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Tata Steel crude steel production up 5% to 2.27 MT in Q2Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Work on "taming" firms wins Frenchman economics NobelThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

WHO tells East Asia Pacific to bolster Ebola defencesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Reuters Summit: BSE in talks for climate change exchange-traded fundThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

CarTrade raises Rs 185cr from Warburg PincusThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Microsoft CEO to women: Not asking for raise  good karmaMicrosoft CEO to women: Not asking for a raise is 'good karma'
By Charles Riley   @CRrileyCNN October 10, 2014: 1:46 AM ET
 
Microsoft CEO's gender gap gaffe
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella has disavowed controversial comments he made at a women's tech conference, including the suggestion that women who don't ask for raises will receive "good karma."
"Was inarticulate [on] how women should ask for raise," Nadella said on Twitter following his appearance at the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing conference in Phoenix, Arizona. "Our industry must close gender pay gap so a raise is not needed because of a bias."
At the conference, Nadella implied that instead of asking for a raise, women should have faith that they will be rewarded over the long arc of a career.
"That ... might be one of the additional superpowers, that quite frankly, women who don't ask for raises have," he said. "Because that's good karma. It will come back."
Related: Microsoft CEO skewered on Twitter over 'karma' comment
Women make nearly $11,000 less each year than men, according to the U.S. Census Bureau's latest report on income and poverty. That translates to women making 78 cents to every dollar made by men. For the last several years it has been 77 cents on the dollar, making this year's figures a tiny improvement.
 
Why investing in women pays off
In an email sent to Microsoft ( MSFT , Tech30 ) employees and published on the company's website, the CEO said he answered the question "completely wrong."
"I believe men and women should get equal pay for equal work," Nadella wrote. "If you think you deserve a raise, you should just ask."
Related: Satya Nadella outblunders Steve Ballmer
Nadella, a 22-year veteran at Microsoft, was elevated to the CEO position in February. He had been overseeing various aspects of the company's corporate software business since 1992.
His comments drew intense criticism on social media. The comments were also challenged by Maria Klawe, the session's moderator, who is also the president of Harvey Mudd College and a board member at Microsoft.
Klawe said she had lost tens of thousands of dollars by not being more assertive in salary negotiations.
Related: Sarah Silverman is tired of the 'vagina tax'
"Do your homework," she told the crowd. "Make sure you actually know what a reasonable salary is when you're offered a job. Do not be as stupid as I was."
Microsoft recently released workplace diversity statistics showing it has a problem with gender imbalance -- particularly at the leadership level -- as much like other leading tech firms.
Microsoft's workforce is 71% male, a figure that rises to 83% for both technical and leadership roles. Those figures are roughly in line with the gender breakdown at Google , Facebook , Yahoo and Apple .
-- Jillian Eugenios and James O'Toole contributed reporting.
First Published: October 9, 2014: 11:23 PM ET
Most Popular

OMG: Meet the girl with the BEST  ass ets!Photo uploaded by Vinay Ghosh
on Oct 09, 2014 , 02:32 pm
12060 Views  |  15  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Were you famous when you were 21 years old? Did you accomplish anything at such a young age? Image courtesy: Procured via http://instagram.com/jenselter
Were you famous when you were 21 years old? Did you accomplish anything at such a young age? Image courtesy: Procured via http://instagram.com/jenselter

Infy hits fresh high as brokers raise target priceYou are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Infosys hits fresh record high as brokerages raise target price post Q2 results
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 13, 2014, 10.11AM IST
Tags:
CLSA
(Infosys reported results…)
NEW DELHI: India's second largest outsourcer, Infosys surged as much 1.6 per cent to hit its fresh record high of Rs 3953 in trade today on Friday, after many global brokerage firms raised their respective 12-months target price post Q2 results declared on Friday last week.
Infosys reported results for the quarter ended September 30 last week with operating margins and net profit stood ahead of most analysts' expectations. Volume growth was healthy at 3.0 per cent QoQ and price realization inched up by 0.6 per cent QoQ.
The management has kept its FY15 USD revenue growth guidance unchanged at 7-9 per cent implying CQGR of 1.4-3.8 per cent for the next two quarters.
Most brokerage firms such as CLSA, JPMorgan and HSBC have maintained their rating, but increased their respective 12 months target price on the stock.
CLSA which has a 'BUY' rating on the stock also has the most aggressive 12 months target price on the stock of Rs 4700, which translates into an upside of 20 per cent from Friday's closing price of Rs 3888.95.
JPMorgan and HSBC both maintain an 'Overweight' stance on the stock but have raised their respective 12-months target price on the stock. JPMorgan increased its target price to Rs 4200 from Rs 3900 earlier, while HSBC raised to 4260 from Rs 4190 earlier.
The stock has been in a clear uptrend post Q2 results. The stock hit a fresh lifetime high of 3953 in trade on Monday despite muted trend in the overall markets.
At 09:50 a.m.; Infosys was trading 1.03 per cent higher at Rs 3929. It hit a low of Rs 3890 and a record high of Rs 3953 in trade today.
The stock is trading at 14x our FY17e EPS and should provide returns at least in line with the earnings growth, say analysts. Infosys still trades at only a modest premium to Nifty and in line with its 5-year median P/E.
"We marginally revise our FY16 earnings by 3 per cent our estimates. Unlike most other IT stocks , there is a potential for earnings upgrade if the new growth strategy and the new management is successful," HSBC said in a report.
HSBC is of the view that a sustainable progress will continue and if the new CEO is able to successfully implement its growth strategy we believe there is upside to our 12%/13% growth estimate for FY16/17, they say.
The company's board approved an interim dividend of Rs 30 per share and a bonus issue of one equity share for every equity share held which also boosted sentiment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

New iPhones to be available in more than 115...The iPhones will arrive in 36 additional countries & across Europe, Asia, the Middle East, Latin America & Africa by end of this month, Apple said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Apple Inc said that its recently released iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus phones will be available in more than 115 countries by the end of the year.
The iPhones will arrive in 36 additional countries and territories across Europe, Asia, the Middle East, Latin America and Africa by the end of this month, Apple said.
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be made available in China, the world's biggest smartphone market, and India from Oct. 17.
Other countries where the phones will be launched include Israel, Czech Republic, Greenland, Poland, South Africa, Bahrain and Kuwait, making this the fastest rollout of iPhones, the company said.
Reuters had earlier reported that the iPhone 6 will be sold in China from Oct 17, after rigorous regulator scrutiny led to Apple reassuring the Chinese government that the smartphones did not have security "backdoors" through which US agencies can access users' data.

Tata Value Homes launches e-commerce platformBrotin Banerjee
(Tatavaluehomes.com will…)
MUMBAI: Tata Value Homes, a 100 per cent subsidiary of Tata Housing, today launched its exclusive e-commerce platform to sell flats and is eyeing up to Rs 1,000 crore revenue by FY2015-16.
"We have witnessed an evolution in the consumer preference over the years for using e-commerce platform for home buying. To cash in on this change in consumer preference, we have decided to launch our exclusive portal that will showcase our value and affordable housing offerings," Tata Housing Managing Director and CEO Brotin Banerjee told PTI here.
Explaining the online home buying model, he said consumers can book their apartments on www.tatavaluehomes.com by paying Rs 30,000.
"We have witnessed a rising demand in the value and affordable housing segment from the middle class and so we plan to focus more on this category of buyers. We are expecting to clock up to Rs 1,000 crore revenue from this business by FY'16," Banerjee said.
Tata Value Homes has so far sold over one million sq ft of residential space, which translated into over 700 units generating over Rs 300 crore worth revenue.
The company has developed properties in cities like Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Mumbai, Pune and Chennai, which range between Rs 29.9 lakh to Rs 59.9 lakh depending on the size of the apartments that range between 1 BHK and 3 BHK.
He said the company will launch three more projects under the affordable housing segment in the next 90-100 days in cities like Mumbai, Delhi and Kolkata which add another 15,000 units.
"These three projects alone would give us visibility of up to Rs 500 crore," Banerjee said, adding, "we will be soon launching a few more in Bangalore, Kolkata and Pune. These are currently at various stages of approvals. Also, we are looking at opportunities for developing projects, be it greenfield or under joint development."
He said the company may invest up to Rs 1,000 crore for new projects.
Explaining the online home buying model, he said the company had earlier tied-up with Snapdeal for selling its properties.
"Based on the in-depth analysis of customers who have booked our value homes online last year, it has been observed that 39 per cent of them did so with an intent to live in them with their families. With the increasing internet penetration, the new platform builds on the vision of being the largest provider of homes," Banerjee said.
He further said the demand was mainly from tier-II cities, including Patna, Chandigarh, Ranchi, Jaipur, Indore, Baroda, Surat, Mangalore, Mysore, Bangalore, Coimbatore, Trichy, Bhubaneswar, Leh among others, and from NRIs who want to invest in these fast growing markets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Love in the time of Cyclone Hudhud: Breathtaking pics of man rescuing his wifeComments
Cyclone Hudhud left a swathe of destruction in parts of Andhra Pradesh and Odisha, but the loss of life appeared limited after tens of thousands of people sought safety in storm shelters, aid workers and officials said. The cyclone struck just before midday on Sunday, bringing torrential rain and winds of nearly 200 kmph.
As the two states estimated the damage Hudhud had caused, photos of a man rescuing his wife at Gopalpur beach in Odisha made headlines. Little is known about the couple but they are safe. Here are images of their encounter with Hudhud.
Even as state authorities tried their best to restrict human casualties due to cyclone Hudhud in Andhra Pradesh and Odisha on Sunday, revellers made their task tougher by ignoring all warnings to catch a glimpse of the rough sea. (Arabinda Mahapatra/ HT Photo)
On Sunday, police officers kept blowing whistles and waving batons to drive people away from the beach but to no avail. “We have come to Gopalpur after a long time. How can we go back without enjoying our time on the beach,” said Atanu Ghosh, a tourist from West Bengal. (Arabinda Mahapatra/ HT Photo)

Young  modern  Muslim: Owaisis make poll pitch in MaharashtraComments
There is a new trend in parts of Maharashtra this poll season and the Owaisi brothers from Hyderabad--Asaduddin, a MP amd Akbaruddin, a MLA from Charminar in that city--are attracting attention among a large number of aspiring Muslim youth in Marathwada. The brothers have been camping in Maharashtra for weeks where they have put up 24 candidates in various constituencies across the state. They are being seen as the equivalent of Uddhav and Raj Thackeray respectively--the sober older brother and the more ferocious younger man--among their supporters and their rallies rival those of Narendra Modi in terms of the response, frenzy and enthusiasm they evoke. At the least, Muslim youth look upon them as role models to emulate: suave English-speaking, sophisticated individuals with good education and world knowledge and yet proud and unapologetic about their religious identity and their outward symbols.
Asaduddin (L) and Akbaruddin Owaisi run the Majlis-E-Ittehadul Muslimeen. (HT photo)
The Owaisis own the MIM (Majlis-E-Ittehadul Muslimeen), a party set up by their grandfather to fight the exploitation of people under the Nizam , as the Nehru-Gandhis could never own the Congress. But now in an interview to the Hindustan Times, elder brother Asaduddin Owaisi, tells Sujata Anandan that they intend to take their party out of the confines of Telangana and from their debut in Maharashtra offer the MIM as a secular alternative in other parts of the country as well. Excerpts from an interview:
Q. The people at your rallies seem electrified and caught up in the kind of frenzy seen in recent times only at Narendra Modi's rallies. To what do you attribute this impact?
A. I am glad you asked that question because so far no one in the media has even thought to acknowledge the response we are getting. But I think we are offering the people some real solutions to real problems--social, political; and economc--and they realize it is not just token lip service as the other parties have been doing. They are able to judge and understand what we stand for.
Q. The Congress, however, accuses you of being a stooge of Narengra Modi at this election. They say you are here only to divide the Muslim vote to defeat the Congress.
A. What were the words they used the last time when I did not put up candidates during the Lok Sabha polls? Oh yes, they acciused me of 'sophisticated political sagacity'. And yet they lost so badly in Maharashtra winning only two and four seats (NCP),The fact is that the Congress and the NCP have lost support among all sections, including of dalits and OBCs (other backward classes). It is only the Muslims who voted for them the last time, so what do they think? That it  is only the Congress which has an intellectual patent on secularism?
Q. But then doesn't that position of yours sit at odds with your brother's statements some months ago about police being withdrawn for an hour to teach Hindus a lesson? Wasn't that a rather communal position to take?
A. I do not know what my brother really said or did not say then but he has been to jail for that and the case is pending in the courts. But I want to ask if action can be taken against him, then why is a man like Pravin Togadia with the kind of incendiary statements he has made going scot free? In Maharashtra alone there are a dozen cases against him and no one bothers about it.
Q. So now you are offering an alternative to the Muslims against the Congress?
A. You haven't done your homework properly. We have put up not just Muslim candidates; we have supported dalits, OBCs, members of other communities as well. We will emerge as a secular alernative in this country.
Q. However, the Muslim vote is likely to be split between you and the Congress-NCP?
A, It is not as though we are contesting 150 seats. We have put up only 24 candidates. It is a good start.
Q. And how sure are you that the enthusiastic crowds at your rallies will convert to votes and seats or will you just be a spoiler for the Congress and NCP?
A. Now that is a good question. No one can be sure how the people will vote. I am not sure either, but I hope the people who came to our meetings were there with a purpose, that they will vote for us.
Q. And if you prove just a spoiler as the Congress charges?
A. No one can spoil the game for the Congress more than it has already done for itself by itself.
Q. And at the end of this election, you hope to emerge as the leader of the Muslim commmmuniyt across the country?
A. Oh no! The community does not need leaders. It needs servants who will do well by the people. It is a whole gamut of leaders, both religious and political, who have destroyed the community over the past years out of their own selfish interests, ane we need less of them. I do not want to be such a leader.
Q. A role model then?
A. You will have to ask my wife if I am a role model; she does not think so.
Asaduddin Owaisi campaigns in Maharashtra. His party has put up 24 candidates in various constituencies across the state. (HT Photo)

Jean Tirole wins 2014 Economics Nobel Prize for analysis of big firmsFrench economist Jean Tirole wins Nobel for analysis of big companies
AFP
print
French economist Jean Tirole won the Nobel Economics Prize on Monday, for his analysis of big companies, market power and regulation, the Royal Academy of Sciences said.
Tirole, the second Frenchman to be honoured this year, is "one of the most influential economists of our time," the jury said.
"Many industries are dominated by a small number of large firms or a single monopoly," the jury said of the economist, from Toulouse 1 Capitole University.
"Left unregulated, such markets often produce socially undesirable results -- prices higher than those motivated by costs, or unproductive firms that survive by blocking the entry of new and more productive ones."
The power of markets and the importance of strong and appropriate regulation has been a central issue in the management of national economies in recent years.
This has been the case especially since the 1980s, when policies in advanced countries moved progressively to allowing markets a freer role, and privatised former state monopolies, with the aim of raising competition and reducing inflation.
One of the chief contributions of 61-year-old Tirole is the insight that market dominance works differently in different industries, according to the jury.
Undercutting prices not all bad
It noted that undercutting prices has traditionally been disciplined under competition, or anti-trust, law, because setting prices below production costs is one way of getting rid of competitors -- but this is not necessarily true of all markets.
In the newspaper market, for example, giving away papers free can be a way of attracting readers and thus new advertisers to cover the losses arising from production and distribution.
"In this case, it is doubtful whether undercutting should be banned," the jury said. "The best regulation or competition policy should therefore be carefully adapted to every industry's specific conditions."
Tirole's research has also showed that some companies -- for example producers of widely used but patented software -- are able to dominate not just their own industry, but also neighbouring industries further down the production chain.
"If the innovation is sold to only one firm, this firm makes a high profit because it becomes more efficient than its competitors. The producer can then set his price considerably higher," the jury said.
The jury argued that Tirole's work has provided a framework for designing policies for a number of industries, ranging from telecommunications to banking.
The citation comes amid growing controversy over the market power of such companies as Amazon and Google. "Drawing on these new insights, governments can better encourage powerful firms to become more productive and, at the same time, prevent them from harming competitors and customers," it said.
The prize will be awarded at a ceremony in Stockholm on December 10, the anniversary of the death in 1896 of the prizes' creator, Swedish scientist and philanthropist Alfred Nobel.
The economics prize is the only Nobel not originally included in Nobel's last will and testament. It was established in 1968 by the Swedish central bank to celebrate its tricentenary, and first awarded in 1969.
The other prizes have been awarded since 1901. The award of this year's prize to a French national marked a departure from American dominance on the list of laureates.
Over the past decade, 18 out 20 economics prize laureates have been from the United States, including one Israeli-American. Last year, US scholars Eugene Fama, Lars Peter Hansen and Robert Shiller won for their work on spotting trends in the asset markets.
The economics prize winds up this year's Nobel season, marked the award of the peace prize to 17-year-old Pakistani Malala Yousafzai  and India's Kailash Satyarthi, and the literature prize to French writer Patrick Modiano.
 

DLF banned from capital markets for 3 yearsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sept retail inflation at 6.46%  lowest since Jan 2012Sept retail inflation at 6.46%, lowest since Jan 2012
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 13, 2014 06:26 PM IST
Bringing good news to the common man ahead of Diwali, the retail inflation dropped to 6.46% in September on falling prices of fruits and vegetables, the lowest since India started computing Consumer Price Index (CPI) in January 2012.
The overall food inflation measured on the Consumer Price Index (CPI) fell to 7.67% as against 9.35% in the previous month and 11.75% in September 2013.
CPI inflation is on the decline since July.
The retail inflation was at 7.73% in August, revised downward from the earlier estimate of 7.8%.
As per the data released by the Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation, the CPI inflation in vegetable basket in September fell to 8.59% as against 15.15% in the previous month.
Inflation in fruits slowed to 22.4% from 24.27% in August. Similarly price rise in protein rich items like eggs, fish and meat was slower in September as compared to August.
The data for inflation based on Wholesale Price Index will be released tomorrow. The WPI inflation in August was at 3.74%.
Lately, Reserve Bank has been mainly considering CPI inflation while deciding on its bi-monthly monetary policy. RBI has been targeting a retail inflation of 8% by March 2015 and 6% by March 2016.
In its last monetary policy, the RBI had maintained a status quo in interest rate citing worries on the inflation front despite industry demanding reduction.
The data further revealed that consumer inflation was 6.34% in urban India and 6.68% in rural parts of the country. The urban and rural inflation was at 7.04% and 8.27%, respectively in August.

Oil price slump yet to hit US shale oil productionThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sebi slaps three-year ban on DLF  six top executivesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sebi issues one-time registration process guidelinesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India may impose safeguard tax to check Chinese imports: DIPPThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Court issues summons to Ramalinga Raju  others in Sebi caseCourt issues summons to Ramalinga Raju, others in Sebi case
PTI  Hyderabad, October 12, 2014
First Published: 17:22 IST(12/10/2014) | Last Updated: 17:25 IST(12/10/2014)
Comments
An economic offences court has issued summonses to Satyam Computer Services founder Ramalinga Raju, his brother Rama Raju and three former senior executives among others, to appear before it on November 13 in connection with complaints by capital market regulator Sebi.
Based on two complains filed in August by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) on alleged unfair trade practices adopted by Raju and alleged violations of the insider trading regulations committed by him and others, the court issued notices on Friday.
Earlier, the market regulator had slapped a penalty of Rs. 1,849 crore plus 12% interest per annum on them, besides banning the accused from the market for 14 years.
Sebi filed the complaints in the economic offences court urging the court to punish the accused Raju brothers and CFO Vadlamani Srinivas, besides two former auditors of global auditing firm PWC, which allegedly helped perpetrate the country's biggest corporate fraud, among others.
BS Siva Prasad is standing counsel for Sebi. According to Sebi complaints, the accused are punishable under Section 24 (a) under Sebi Act which carries punishment upto 10 years.
The first complaint has eight people as accused and the other has 14 people and entities as accused. On January 7, 2009, Raju, the then chairman of Satyam Computers had sent an email to Sebi, wherein he admitted and confessed to inflating the company's cash and bank balances, besides understating liabilities and other financial mis-statements.
After the fraud came to the light, the government had ordered an auction for sale of the company in the interest of investors and employees of what was known at that time as the country's fourth largest infotech firm.
The company was acquired by Tech Mahindra, then renamed as Mahindra Satyam and eventually it was merged with Tech Mahindra.
According to Sebi, Raju brothers made 'unlawful gains' to the tune of Rs. 543.93 crore from sales of shares and Rs. 1,258.88 crore, by way of pledging of some shares.

Gavyn Davies on the new mediocreAbout Gavyn
Blog guide
A blog on macroeconomics, economic policymaking and the financial markets. Gavyn usually writes about a key topic of the week on Sunday.
If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read this blog. However, the posts remain free.
Follow @gavyndavies
Gavyn Davies is a macroeconomist who is now chairman of Fulcrum Asset Management and co-founder of Prisma Capital Partners. He was the head of the global economics department at Goldman Sachs from 1987-2001, and was chairman of the BBC from 2001-2004.
He has also served as an economic policy adviser in No 10 Downing Street, an external adviser to the British Treasury, and as a visiting professor at the London School of Economics.
Gavyn Davies is an active investor and may have financial interests and holdings in any of the topics about which he writes. The views expressed are solely those of Mr Davies and in no way reflect the views of Prisma Capital Partners LP, Fulcrum Asset Management LLP, their respective affiliates or representatives. This material is not intended to provide, and should not be relied upon for, investment advice or recommendations. Readers are urged to seek professional advice before making any investments.
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .

A Chinese immigrant s storyShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
A Chinese immigrant's story
Oct 10, 2014 : The FT talks to a former Chinese immigrant about her journey to Italy and how she decided after 20 years of working in textile factories in Tuscany to return to China to open a business.
Credits: Filmed and produced by Ben Marino

Rejection of Vannamei shrimps by EU worries Odisha exportersRejection of Vannamei shrimps by EU worries Odisha exporters
Nirmalya Behera | Bhubaneswar Oct 14, 2014 08:19 PM IST
The rejection of Vannamei shrimp containers sent from Andhra Pradesh by the European Union (EU) for excess use of banned antibiotics has left the Odisha exporters a worried lot.
“Though the antibiotic has not been detected in the consignments shipped from Odisha, yet it is a matter of concern for the state exporters. The Andhra Pradesh government and the Coastal Aquaculture Authority should de-notify and ban the hatcheries using the antibiotics,” said Gorachand Mohanty, President, Seafood Exporters Association of India- Odisha region. Reports say that the use of banned antibiotics, Chloramphenicol and Nitrofuran has led to rejection of Vannamei shrimp containers from the neighbouring state. Sources said, about ten containers have been returned by the EU. Though there are no such complains about the shrimps cultured in the state, the exporters fear, the incident may have ripple effect on the sea food exports from the state as about 50 per cent of the raw material for shrimp farming in Odisha is procured from Andhra Pradesh. Particularly, seeds for Vannamei shrimp produced in the state are procured from the hatcheries based in the neighbouring state. As locally available Black Tiger shrimps are now a low value and high risk item, more and more farmers are shifting to Vannamei shrimp farming.
About 30,980 tonnes of shrimps and fishes valued at Rs 1,817 crores (freight on board) were exported from Odisha in the last financial year. In dollar terms, it was $ 300.89 million.
The Vannamei shrimp production in the state has gone up to 2907 tonnes in 2013-14 from 436 tonnes in 2012-13. However, Vannamei shrimp production in Andhra Pradesh had surpassed 2.16 lakh tonnes in 2013-14 from about 1.33 lakh tonnes in the previous year.
Exporters complain that there is unregulated growth of aquaculture in Andhra Pradesh and hatcheries there are not following the guidelines.
It may be noted that EU is the second largest market (quantity-wise) for frozen shrimp exports from India after the United States. The export of Vannamei shrimps had grown by leaps and bounds in the past few years. Last year, 175,071 tonnes of Vannamei shrimps were exported, up from 91,171 tonnes in the previous year. The exports recorded a growth of 92.03 per cent in 2013-14 in quantity and 172.81 per cent in dolllar terms.
In value terms, 44.59 per cent of the total Vannamei shrimps are directed to USA followed by 17.07 per cent to EU, 16.54 per cent to South East Asian countries and 4.01 per to Japan. “It such incidents of consignment rejection continue, we will have an impact on the country’s seafood exports,” Mohanty added.

Solar REC price might be slashedSolar power: Spot prices might be slashed
Shreya Jai | New Delhi Oct 14, 2014 12:44 AM IST
To help power distribution companies (discoms) meet their renewable power purchase targets, the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) is examining whether to lower the price of renewable energy certificates (RECs) to as low as Rs 3.5 a unit (kilowatts per hour).
Currently, the price is regulated in the band of Rs 9.3-13/kwh for 2014-2015. The ceiling price of Rs 13 is proposed to be brought down to Rs 5.80/kwh. This would bring it closer to the average cost of solar power generation, currently Rs 7.72/kwh.
This way, CERC hopes to revive the spot solar power market, down with the high REC price. “The obligated entities are not comfortable buying solar RECs as solar photo-voltaic (PV) generation is available at a much cheaper rate than solar REC,” said a draft proposal of CERC dated September 30.
The regulator also feels the high REC price is giving windfall gains to projects registered under the REC mechanism. The Commission has, hence, proposed REC rates as the highest difference between the minimum requirement for viability of a solar power project and respective state APPC (average pooled cost of power purchase). RECs were launched in 2010 but at least 10 million are unsold, due to the high price. Of the unsold 1,01,23,060 RECs during September, 97,44,947 were non-solar and 378,113 were solar RECs.
CERC said unsold solar RECs are piling up for two main reasons. One, the Renewable Purchase Obligation (RPO), is not being enforced at the state level. Two, solar power is now available at a much cheaper rate.
RPO, launched in 2010, makes it obligatory for discoms, open-access consumers and captive power producers to meet part of their energy needs through the ‘green’ route. During 2013-14, leaving a few exceptions, no state met its RPO, for a fourth year in a row. The states or utilities that are unable to fulfil their RPO can buy RECs, each of which represents 1 Mw-hour of power produced from an RE source and are tradable at power exchanges.
The solar REC price is Rs 9-13 a unit. The cost of solar power has declined by 60 per cent in three years to Rs 6.5 a unit. The capital cost of solar PV has also decreased to Rs 6.91 crore per Mw in 2014-15 from Rs 17 crore per Mw in 2009-10. Solar PV power procured through competitive bidding recently by various states has yielded a PV rate of Rs. 6.5/kqh.
In the price band of Rs 3.5-5.8 a unit, the solar power price will also be closer to the average spot price of coal- generated power, currently at Rs 4.34 a unit.

Why third time might be unlucky for Evo MoralesFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Reliance Retail posts highest ever PBDIT  revenuesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Three killed  four injured in accidentThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Pistorius trial: Defence pleads for mitigated sentenceThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Cyclone Hudhud damage estimated at Rs 8 000 crThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Satyarthi meets Sonia GandhiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Interactive: Tracking the Ebola outbreakAbout this blog
Blog guide
Welcome. FT data is a collaborative effort from journalists across the FT working in data journalism, statistics and data visualisation.
We aim to look at statistical issues in depth and provide original analysis of data. Occasionally we’ll also post guest contributions. Get in touch at ftdata@ft.com

Gopalpur port to defer start of operation due to Hudhud strikeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

President Pranab Mukherjee begins Norway visitThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Tea prices expected to rise again  by 10%Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SEBI registration guidelines require bourses to share members  detailsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sebi bars DLF  owner KP Singh  execs for 3 yrs in IPO caseThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Four Nobel-winning insights that matter for Indian economyFour Nobel-winning insights that matter for the Indian economy
Mihir S Sharma |  Oct 14, 2014 12:30 AM IST
Jean Tirole, theorist of industrial organisation, incomplete contracts, and a lot else besides, has just won the Nobel Prize for economics. Usually, his insights show how real-world incentives are complicated, and contracts can be difficult to write and enforce. Much of his work is very relevant to India; here are just four such insights gleaned from his 35-year career.
 
PPPs, renegotiation and “incomplete contracts”
 
The Nobel work: From the early 1980s onward, Tirole – with a succession of co-authors – demonstrated the danger of writing contracts that could be easily renegotiated. Standard economics assumes that any contract can easily predict all future states of the world, and that possible payoffs are clear to both contracting sides. This assumption is easily violated in practice. Under such circumstances, cost overruns, for example, should very rarely occur in procurement contracts, or in public-private partnerships. Tirole’s work shows that “systematic unforeseeen cost overruns” are a possibility.
 
The India application: In India, private-public partnerships have been plagued by cost and time overruns. Tirole’s papers provide a basis for estimating exactly how this happens over and over again. In many cases, it demonstrates quite clearly the dangers of renegotiation of a settled contract. This is not just unjust to the other firms that have bid, if the contract is handed out in an auction setting. If in general renegotiation is a possible, Tirole’s work shows, then a climate in which renegotiation is inevitable will emerge – and so will cost overruns.
In later work, Tirole argues for an independent evaluation of all PPP contracts before they are signed, to prevent collusion between companies and bureaucrats. PPPs that are “unbundled” – in which development and operations are handled by separate contractors – are far less likely to lead to large-scale corruption. He also shows that firms use the threat of quitting a project to blackmail public parners into submission; if the government gives in, then a perverse incentive is created. Above all, Tirole shows that the simpler it is to write contracts and predict the future, and the more transparent the institutional structure, the fairer and more implementable contracts will be.
 
“Efficient access pricing”
The Nobel work: One of the central problems of a modern economy is how to open up networks – such as telecom or power networks – to competition and new companies. Tirole showed that new entrant companies who were given access to the expensive networks built up by incumbents would indulge in “cream-skimming” – work to wean away only the incumbents’ most lucrative customers. As the Nobel committee says:  “Giving the incumbent the responsibility for covering the fixed cost of the network all by itself, and letting entrants free-ride by paying very low marginal-cost access prices, would inefficiently distort consumer choices towards the entrant.”
The India application: In India, problematic power supply is often cited as a major constraint for industrialisation. “Open access” to electricity has been promised for over a decade. This means that factories, for example, should be able to make contracts to have power supplied to them by companies other than their local state-controlled electricity utilities – but over the networks set up by the state electricity boards. There have been many complaints that “wheeling” or transmission charges have been charged by local electricity boards. Tirole’s work explains why such fees are charged – but it also provides guides and models to determine whether such charges are excessive.
 
Accountability and “multiple objectives”
 
The Nobel work: To what degree can government bureaucrats – or company managers – be trusted? What sorts of tasks will allow for greater accountability? Tirole and his co-authors have written a series of papers that have made major insights into these and related questions. In particular, when agencies or bureaucrats or executives have multiple missions, then they show mathematically that they are likely to be given less autonomy. When they have “fuzzy” missions – in other words, their job is too complex to be easily understood – then they are even less trusted.
 
The India application: Agencies like, say, the Reserve Bank of India, will find their independence easier to preserve if they commit to a single, monitorable target such as the consumer price index. Managers, too, will find themselves more free if just judged on the profits they make. However, consider Tirole’s own insight: “Incentives that are related to an easily measured objective (for example, the cost per student for a university, which can be easily reduced by teaching large numbers of students in large lecture halls) can cause one to ignore equally important objectives that one has neglected to measure (such as the quality of teaching or research).” Approaches such as India’s to financing and regulating education have typically ignored this insight.
 
Corruption and regulation
 
The Nobel work: Much of Tirole’s work has focused on how regulators and bureaucrats can be led into corruption. In one early paper, he showed that interest groups were actually more politically powerful when they benefited from inefficient regulation. If two groups were equally willing to bribe officials, but one bribed them towards efficiency and the other towards inefficiency, the latter would wind up with more influence. In another paper, he examined how companies could suffer long-term effects from a single failure in quality – a logic he extended to the effects on bureaucracies of a short period in which corruption happened to increase. A bureaucracy only had to give into corruption once – after that, corruption would become entrenched, and lack of trust endemic.
 
The India application: Tirole found that anti-corruption campaigns simply don’t work – they just encourage bureaucrats to postpone corruption till attention is elsewhere. Counter-intuitively, an amnesty for past corruption might actually help clean up bureaucracies. To reduce the threat of regulatory capture by business, the best thing for governments is to “reduce the stakes that interest groups have in regulation” – in other words, to ensure that the payoffs to even good firms from favourable regulatory decisions are small. More market, less regulation – counter to the popular conclusion that Tirole’s work argues for more regulation of big business.

Family Dollars New Strategy: Magical Price Points and Lots of AlcoholDollar drama has taken a toll on Family Dollar.
Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images
It's been a rough few months for Family Dollar. The discount retailer is currently trying to ward off a hostile takeover from Dollar General, while sealing a merger deal with another dollar store chain, Dollar Tree. The mess has hardly done wonders for its business. On Thursday, Family Dollar reported that its profit tumbled 66 percent in the fourth quarter and same-store sales edged up a mere 0.3 percent. During that period, it shuttered 375 underperforming stores and lost money to inventory markdowns, restructuring fees, and merger expenses.
Sales at Family Dollar are growing in one area: tobacco and refrigerated/frozen foods. But the company's management isn't exactly pleased about this. Because those items have low profit margins, the sudden spike in purchases of them by consumers has actually put more pressure on Family Dollar's own margins. "What we are really focused on is keeping those businesses going strong, but also growing some of these margin areas to offset some of the impact there," Family Dollar CEO Howard Levine said on the quarterly earnings call . That might help explain why Levine said Family Dollar will speed up its rollout of beer and wine—high-margin items—in the coming year. Alcoholic beverages are currently sold in about 500 Family Dollar stores, and supposed to hit 1,500 more over the next 12 months.
Advertisement
Before that rollout happens, a big test for Family Dollar—not to mention every other retailer—will be the coming holidays. The previous year, holiday sales largely disappointed, and Family Dollar was no exception. But Levine spent a good portion of the call reassuring investors that this time around, the company is positioned to have a "very competitive holiday season." He added that the store is more focused on "everyday values" and the "magical $1 price point." (Family Dollar is not a "true" dollar store, but rather sells its inventory at a range of relatively cheap prices.) "Things are on track," Levine said. "We feel very good about the flow of our goods and are well-positioned for the holiday season."
That's all well and good, but even that "magical" price point and upcoming sales of alcohol can't necessarily make up for the bigger economic challenges facing the company. Dollar stores in general have been hard hit in recent years as the recovery has inched along and drained low-income consumers of their spending money. When things don't look great for the main Family Dollar consumer, they don't look great for Family Dollar either. Levine acknowledged as much with what is now a familiar refrain of his: "Our core customer is still struggling."
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.

Moody s withdraws LIC s rating  cites own business reasonsMoody's withdraws LIC's rating, cites own business reasons
M Saraswathy | Mumbai Oct 13, 2014 01:16 PM IST
Moody's Investors Service has withdrawn the 'Baa3' insurance financial strength rating of Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC).
 
Moody's said that it has withdrawn the rating for its own business reasons. As per Moody's internal guidelines, the withdrawal should not be interpreted as reflective of LIC's credit-worthiness.
 
According to Moody's policy, when a credit rating is withdrawn for ‘business reasons’, the reference is to its business, not that of the rated entity. It adds that this doesnot reflect any concerns about the rated entity’s credit-worthiness or the quality of its management. 
 
LIC is is the largest life insurance company in the country. The insurer reported total assets of Rs 18.5 trillion and shareholders' equity of Rs 5.4 billion at the end of June 2014.
 
LIC officials said that this was a business decision by Moody’s and that it does not reflect on their insurance business or have any consequence for their company.
 

Rupee rises  tracks higher Asian currenciesRupee rises, tracks higher Asian currencies
Reuters |  Oct 13, 2014 01:59 PM IST
The rupee is trading at 61.2725/2800 compared with its Friday close of 61.34/35.
 
Rupee is tracking stronger Asian currencies, which got a relief from solid China trade data.
 
Better global markets offset slower-than-expected industrial output data on Friday. CPI data is expected later in the day.
 

Sintex Industries rallies over 15% post Q2 resultsSintex Industries rallies over 15% post Q2 results
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 13, 2014 02:53 PM IST
Sintex Industries has soared 17% to Rs 85.10 on NSE after reporting a strong 47% year on year (yoy) growth in consolidated net profit at Rs 107 crore for the second quarter ended September 2014 (Q2). The company engaged in plastic and textile business had profit of Rs 73 crore in previous year quarter.
Net sales grew 25% at Rs 1,673 crore on yoy basis.
EBITDA or operating profit margin improved by around 200 basis points to 17.2% in September quarter against 15.5% in the corresponding quarter of previous fiscal.
“Q2FY15 is a reflection of strong growth and a drastic improvement in business sentiment. Utilisations are picking up across businesses, upturn in margins and topline growth is clearly visible. The initiatives on clean India campaign have thrown open new set of opportunities,” said Amit Patel, Group Managing Director of Sintex Industries.
The stock opened at Rs 72.15 and touched a record high of Rs 85.30 on NSE. A combined 27.49 million shares changed hands on the counter so far on NSE and BSE.
 

Coal India gains on HSBC upgrade to  overweightCoal India gains on HSBC upgrade to 'overweight'
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 13, 2014 03:16 PM IST
Shares of Coal India are trading higher by nearly 2% to Rs 340 on the BSE after HSBC upgraded the stock to "overweight" from "neutral".
 
Coal India will be the main beneficiary of India's increased focus on domestic coal production, HSBC added.  In addition, HSBC said that temporary ownership of cancelled coal blocks to Coal India is a positive sign.
 
The stock opened at Rs 336, touched a high of Rs 343 and a low of Rs 332 on the BSE. 
 

Markets end higher; Sep CPI  RIL Q2 eyedMarkets end higher; Sep CPI, RIL Q2 eyed
Tulemino Antao | Mumbai Oct 13, 2014 03:57 PM IST
Benchmark share indices staged a recovery in late trades, amid firm European cues, helped by a rebound in financials while IT shares gained post upbeat July-September earnings from Infosys.
The 30-share Sensex ended up 86 points at 26,384 and the 50-share Nifty ended up 24 points at 7,884.
The government will release consumer price inflation data for September later today.
Foreign investors were net sellers in Indian equities to the tune of Rs 720 crore on Friday.
Global investment bank JP Morgan lowered its India GDP growth forecast for 2014-15 to 5.1% from 5.3% because of weak August factory output data.
The Indian rupee was trading higher at 61.21 compared with its Friday close of 61.34. Asian currencies were trading strong against the US dollar after upbeat China trade data.
Asian shares ended mixed with shares in Hong Kong rebounding from their day's lows. Earlier in the day, stocks in Asia dropped to their seven month lows amid growth concerns even as positive data from China failed to boost investor sentiment. China's exports saw the fastest growth in 19 months, expanding by 15.3% from a year ago to $213.7 billion in September, a report said.
Financial markets in Japan are closed today. Shanghai Composite ended down 0.4% while Hang Seng ended 0.2% higher. However, Straits Times ended 0.7% lower.
European shares pared early losses and were trading firm with CAC-40 and DAX each trading 0.3-0.4% higher while FTSE-100 was trading with marginal gains. Meanwhile, weak economic data from Germany continues to weigh on investor sentiment.
The BSE Bankex and Metal indices were among the top sectoral gainers up 1.4% each followed by IT index which gained 1.2%. Healthcare, Realty, FMCG and Capital Goods indices were the top losers.
Infosys gained 1.4%, extending its Friday’s nearly 7% rally, after the company reported a better-than-expected consolidated net profit at Rs 3,096 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014 (Q2) besides declaring 1:1 bonus. TCS gained 1.5% while Wipro ended flat with negative bias.
In the financial pack, HDFC, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, Axis Bank and SBI ended up 1.1-1.9% each.
Coal India ended up nearly 2% after HSBC upgraded the stock to "overweight" from "neutral". Coal India will be the main beneficiary of India's increased focus on domestic coal production, HSBC said in a note.
Two-wheeler shares were up on upbeat September sales growth. Motorcycle sales in September climbed 19.34% to 10,56,509 units from 8,85,309 units a year earlier.
The total two-wheeler sales in September rose 23.81% to 15,67,351 units. Baja Auto and Hero MotoCorp were up 0.1-0.9% each.
Metal shares gained on the back of encouraging trade data from China, the world's largest consumer of metals. Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, Hindalco and Jindal Steel ended up 0.2-2% each.
Mahindra & Mahindra ended nearly 4% down after the company announced plans to stop tractor production for a period of four days at two of its tractor plants located at Rudrapur and Jaipur raised concerns over high inventory levels because of weakening demand.
Capital goods stocks ended lower amid weak August industrial production data. Industrial growth refused to pick up pace in August, falling to the lowest this financial year so far at 0.4% over a year earlier from a 0.5% in July. L&T and BHEL lost 1-1.3% each.
Reliance Industries ended marginally down ahead of its second quarter earnings due later today.
Pharma shares also witnessed profit taking. Dr Reddy's Labs, Cipla and Sun Pharma were down 1.8-2.7% each.
Among other shares, Diamond Power Infrastructure surged 9% after reporting 29% year-on-year (yoy) growth in net profit at Rs 40.32 crore for the second quarter ended September 2014 (Q2), on back of strong operational income. The company had profit of Rs 31.19 crore during the same quarter last fiscal.
Essar Group firms Essar Ports and Essar Shipping surged 18-20% after the board of directors of these companies approved the delisting of company’s shares from the stock exchanges.
Suven life Sciences ended up over 4% after the company announced new patents it has received in South Korea and US.
Oriental Bank of Commerce gained 4% after Goldman Sachs upgraded the stock to “buy” from “neutral” with a target price of Rs 350.
Indusind Bank ended up 2% after reporting better-than-expected 30% year on year (yoy) jump in net profit at Rs 430 crore for the second quarter ended September 2014. The private sector lender had profit of Rs 330 crore in previous year quarter.
Novartis India ended down 2.5% after the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) imposed a fine of around Rs 300 crore on Swiss multinational drug company Novartis for overcharging consumers on sale of Voveran, its best-selling painkiller medicine.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices ended up 0.3-0.5% each.
Market breadth ended almost neutral with 1,478 declines and 1,439 advances.

What Do Indian Startups Look For In CandidatesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

RIL Q2 net almost flat at Rs 5 972 crRIL Q2 net almost flat at Rs 5,972 cr
Kalpana Pathak | Mumbai Oct 13, 2014 08:11 PM IST
Lower exports and drop in crude prices and volumes in the refining and oil and gas business had a bearing on the second quarter earnings for Reliance Industries.
During the July-September quarter, RIL, on a consolidated basis, posted a drop of 4.3% in turnover at Rs 1,13,396 crore against Rs 1,18,439 crore for July-September 2014.
Net profit for the period stood at Rs 5,972 crore, up 1.7%, against Rs 5,873 crore during the same period previous year. Exports from India were lower by 14.7% at Rs 66,065 crore against Rs 77,428 crore in the corresponding period of the previous year.
Consolidation of Network 18 Media & Investments Limited from this quarter has also impacted the year on year comparisons.
RIL acquired Network 18 Media and its subsidiary TV18 Broadcast in July. Network 18 Media posted a consolidated net loss of Rs 30.4 crore for the July-September quarter on a turnover of Rs 744.8 crore.
Mukesh Ambani, Chairman and Managing Director, RIL said: “RIL’s financial performance for the period stands testimony to the intrinsic strength of our integrated business operations. The refining and petrochemical businesses, once again, delivered robust results, outperforming regional industry benchmarks.”
Ambani added that “Renewed optimism in the domestic economy augurs well for business and consumer confidence particularly against the backdrop of continuing concerns on global economic growth. We expect to create significant value for our stakeholders over the next 12-18 months as we complete our large investment programme across energy and consumer businesses. These projects will propel the next phase of growth for India and Reliance.”
Analysts had expected RIL’s gross refining margins—earnings from turning every barrel of crude oil into fuel --- to decline in line with benchmarks, driven by lower middle-distillates cracks.
But RIL posted GRM of $8.3 per barrel against $7.7 a barrel a year back.
“RIL’s premium over regional benchmark widened to $3.5 per barrel, as compared to $ 2.5 per barrel in the corresponding period of the previous year, primarily aided by wider crude differentials and sourcing advantage,” RAIL said in its earnings statement.
The company operates world’s largest single location refinery complex at Jamnagar, Gujarat. The refineries have a crude processing capacity of 1.36 million barrels a day. Owing to a better configuration of the refineries, RIL’s   GRM  is usually higher by $2-3 per barrel as compared to the Singapore benchmark.
The benchmark Singapore gross refining margin (GRM)— dropped by $1 per barrel to a 16-quarter low of $4.8 per barrel due to the seasonal weakness and weak global demand for products such as petrol and diesel.
During the quarter, Brent crude oil was down 7%. On a yearly basis it has declined 7.3%. Rupee on the other hand depreciated 1.3% quarter-on-quarter and appreciated 2.3% year on year.
Softness in crude oil prices and lower crude processing pushed revenue from the refining and marketing segment down by 5.9% to Rs 103,590 crore. RIL’s refining and petrochemical segments contribute nearly 75-80% to the overall profit of the company.
Segmnet EBIT for the quarter was up by 18.5% at Rs 3,844 crore led by higher GRM despite lower crude throughput.
Higher contribution from refinery, petrochemicals and oil and gas business saw RIL’s operating profit before other income and depreciation increase by 10.8% on a year-on-year basis from Rs 8,865 crore to Rs 9,818 crore.
Other income came in lower at Rs 2,009 crore against Rs 2,346 crore in corresponding period of the previous year, primarily on account of lower investible surplus.
Depreciation (including depletion and amortization) stood higher by 8.2% at Rs 3,024 crore as compared to Rs 2,796 crore in July-September 2014. Interest cost was at Rs 997 crore Rs 959 crore in corresponding period of the previous year.
Rahul Shah, Vice President-Equity Advisory group, MOSL, says," RIL results were broadly in line with our expectations, though they were higher than street expectations. Upmove in GRMs is a positive and has surprised the street.Overal, good results from RIL. I think the stock should see some run up in tomorrow's trading."
On the exploration and production front, RIL’s KG D6 produced 0.5 million barrels of crude oil, 0.1 million barrels of condensate and 40.6 billion cubic feet of natural gas during the quarter. Fall in production is mainly due to natural decline in the fields partly offset by incremental production from new well MA08 and side track in well MA6H during the previous year, the company said.
Panna-Mukta fields produced 1.8 million barrels of crude oil and 16.5 BCF of natural gas.   The increase in production was on account of additional volumes from new well including in fills drilled.
Investment advisor, S P Tulsian,says," RIL results are very good. Refining and Petchem both have surprised this quarter. GRMs too have come in much better than expected and I believe these levels should be sustained. While I rule out any earnings revision given the already high earnings, I believe the stock should rise to Rs 988 level in tomorrow's trade."
Despite lower pricing and higher gas differentials, RIL’s shale gas business registered strong revenue and EBITDA growth. Marcellus JV production remained restricted below potential due to frac operations in offset wells and midstream maintenance activities as well as forced shut-in at times to prevent lower realization.
RIL which is planning to sell its 45% stake in the Eagle Ford Shale acreage said continued strong performance of Eagle Ford JV provided strong base for current quarter performance.
“While revenue growth suffered sequentially, EBITDA remained steady at first quarter levels benefiting from lower operating expenditure across all JVs,” RIL said.
Overall capex for the quarter was at $321 million and cumulative investment across all JVs stood at $7.7 billion. Substantial part of Pioneer and Carrizo JV capex are met through cash from respective JV operations.
Alok Agarwal, CFO, RIL said, “Assets where the company is not the operator and has seen value appreciate, are under review.”
Revenue from the Petrochemicals segment declined marginally to Rs 26,651 crore. Segment EBIT for the quarter remained flat at Rs 2,361 crore on year-on-year basis. However, on a quarter-on-quarter basis EBIT increased sharply by 26.7%, led by strong rebound in polymers, fibre intermediates and aromatics margins.
The company’s retail business recorded the highest revenue and PBDIT in any quarter and as a result of focused expansion, has crossed over 2,000 operational stores spanning 155 Indian cities. Revenue for Reliance Retail grew by 20% to Rs 4,167 crore. The business recorded a PBDIT of Rs 186 crore, a year-on-year increase of 96%.
On Monday, the company's stock on BSE closed 0.2% lower at Rs 957.85.

RILs Rs1.8 trillion investment will fructify in 15 months: Mukesh AmbaniMagnus Carlsen says keeping focus against Anand was a struggle
Reliance Industries chairman and managing director Mukesh Ambani lauded the initiatives taken by the government on implementing the goods and services tax, saying it will make India one market and strengthen the ‘make in India’ programme. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint
New Delhi: Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) chairman and managing director Mukesh Ambani on Thursday said the company’s over Rs.1.8 trillion investments will fructify in 12-15 months. These investments will help in creation of 0.12 million jobs, he said.
“We have exports of over Rs.2,75,000 crore to over 140 countries and our investments of over Rs.1,80,000 crore are coming into fruition in the next 12-15 months. We would be creating over 1,25,000 jobs in India in the next 12-15 months,” Ambani said at the launch of government’s “make in India” programme.
He said in order to succeed in the ‘make in India´ movement it is important to be open to capital and expertise from all over the globe.
“It is important to connect village clusters with the international markets and not only domestic markets by building the physical infrastructure and virtual infrastructure so that all our goods and services are connected to all markets,” Ambani said.
He also lauded the initiatives taken by the government on implementing the goods and services tax (GST), saying it will make India one market and strengthen the programme.
RIL’s activities span exploration and production of oil and gas, petroleum refining and marketing, petrochemicals, textiles, retail, infotel and special economic zones.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday kicked off the “make in India” programme that will focus on creating physical infrastructure as well as building a digital network for making India a hub for global manufacturing of goods ranging from cars to softwares, satellites to submarines and paper to power.

Reliance Q2 profit rises 1.7% to Rs 5 972 crThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

BSE launches Sensex futures index  CPSE indexBSE launches Sensex futures index, CPSE index
Sneha Padiyath | Mumbai Oct 13, 2014 10:23 PM IST
Asia’s oldest stock exchange, the BSE, on Monday announced the launch of two new indices – the BSE S&P Sensex Futures Index and the BSE S&P CPSE Index. The BSE S&P Sensex Futures Index will track the returns generated by the 30-stock Sensex futures.
The CPSE Index will track returns generated by the state-owned companies, barring public sector banks. The CPSE Index will track returns generated by state-owned companies where the direct holding of the government is 51 per cent or more. The indices were developed by Asia Index Private Ltd, a joint venture between BSE and the S&P Dow Jones Indices. “The S&P BSE Sensex Futures Index, a first of its kind in the Indian market, will help investors track the returns generated from investment in the near-month (one month) futures contract on S&P BSE Sensex traded on BSE. The index includes a provision for the replacement of the index futures contract as it approaches maturity,” said a press release.
Market participants welcomed the innovation but believe that acceptability and subsequent rise in volumes might still be sometime away.
"The product innovation is a positive step but appetite among retail investors for such products is still at a nascent stage. Usage and acceptance of such a product could take a while," said Sahaj Agrawal, deputy vice president (derivatives research), Kotak Securities.

Bulk deposit rates ease as liquidity turns comfortableBulk deposit rates ease as liquidity turns comfortable
Nupur Anand & Manojit Saha | Mumbai Oct 13, 2014 08:06 PM IST
Banks have started to reduce short term corporate bulk deposit rates on the back of comfortable liquidity signalling downward bias in overall rate environment though retail deposit rates yet to see any major revisions. But with retail inflation falling to 6.46% in September - the lowest since government started releasing CPI data in 2012, banks see it as an opportunity to cut retail deposit rates also.
"Retail deposits are expected to come down in the near future. It may not happen immediately but my expectation is that by March 31 we can expect about a 50 basis point reduction in retail deposits as well. This because we haven't seen any growth in credit pick up and as a result of the tepid demand interest rates will have to soften now. And consequently even deposit rates will have to go down." MS Raghavan, Chairman & MD, IDBI Bank
ICICI Bank and Oriental Bank of Commerce has announces new rates for short term bulk deposits today, while Punjab National Bank had reduced the rate last Friday. Interest rates on such deposits have fallen by 25-50 bps in select maturities. Deposit of more than Rs 1 crore is considered as bulk deposits.
According to bankers, the revision in bulk deposit rates is mostly in the three-month category.
"We have taken the strategy of moderating the growth of deposits of Rs 1 crore and above to fund credit expansion. We will give retail depositors reasonable return above the inflation level," said KR Kamath, chairman and managing director, Punjab National Bank.
ICICI Bank, for example, is offering 8% for such deposits, for maturities between one month to four month. PNB is offering 8% for three month to nine month deposits and OBC is offering 8.5% for 91 days to 269 days.
"There is a downward bias on the bulk deposit rates due to lack of credit demand though deposit growth has been stable. In addition, there are inflows from foreign institutional investors which has also helped the liquidity situation to improve," said the treasury head of a public sector bank.
According to latest data from RBI, year-on-year loan growth till 19 September was 9.7% which is slowest since June 2001. Loan growth was 17.6% during the comparable period of the same year.
Deposit growth, on the other hand, 13.4% during the same period which is almost same as that of last year.
Since the start of September, foreign investors have pumped in $ 4.5 billion in both debt and equity markets which has eased the liquidity situation. According to RBI data, liquidity support from RBI to banks has fallen to Rs 45,000 crore in September from a high of Rs 87,000 crore in July.
Though bulk deposits have come down, banks are still holding on to retail deposit rate as retail inflation stayed high.
However, according to data released by the government today, consumer price inflation eased to 6.46% in September which is its lowest level since the government started releasing the data in 2012. The revised CPI numbers for August was 7.73%.
Bankers had been maintaining in order to give retail depositors positive return, that is offering interest more than annual inflation, deposit rates are not been revised. Barring State Bank of India (SBI) - which reduced retail deposit rates by 25 bps in early October, no banks had reduced the rates.
"CPI inflation has fallen in September, but we need to see if it sustains. If CPI inflation consistently stays below a particular level then we may review retail deposit rates," PNB's Kamath said.
But today, lower CPI inflation figures will provide banks scope to cut retail deposit rates.

BJP s Gadkari tops list  holds record 104 rallies in MaharashtraBJP's Gadkari tops list, holds record 104 rallies in Maharashtra
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 12:39 AM IST
Senior Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader and Union minister Nitin Gadkari has surpassed leaders from his party and rival parties by addressing a record 104 rallies in the campaign for the Maharashtra Assembly. Gadkari has blasted the Congress and NCP over corruption charges and equally sold Prime Minister Narendra Modi's development agenda.
Former Deputy Chief Minister and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader Ajit Pawar came second with 80 rallies. Ajit has targeted former Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan for policy paralysis and also for clearing files of Rs 12,000-crore projects in the last two months before the announcement of the poll dates. He also criticised Modi for his repeated criticism on Maharashtra losing its pre-eminence.
Modi addressed 27 rallies — about three to five rallies a day. However, he attracted maximum attention. He hit out against the Congress and NCP for their corrupt rule and appealed to voters to give a comfortable majority to the BJP for a strong government in Maharashtra.
Over 8.33 crore voters will exercise their franchise to elect 288 representatives from over 4,000 candidates in fray. Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee President Manikrao Thakre addressed 70 meetings. Thakre, who succeeded to get his son Rahul party nomination from Yavatmal seat, hopes the Congress to form the government fourth time in a row.
BJP's leader of opposition in the state council Vinod Tawde, who is one of the frontrunners for the chief minister's post, also addressed 70 rallies.  NCP chief and former Union minister Sharad Pawar, 74, addressed 55 rallies. Pawar led a scathing attack against Modi for giving too much focus on the Assembly poll than national security. He also blamed the Congress for breaking the 15-year-old alliance.
Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray addressed 50 meetings despite his health problems. Uddhav has ruled out the possibility of a post-poll alliance with the BJP.
Chavan, who addressed 40 rallies, claimed that Ajit Pawar's ambition to become chief minister led to the Congress-NCP split. Chavan is facing a tough challenge in his home turf south Karhad where seven-time legislator Vilaskaka Patil is pitted against him as an independent.
State BJP chief Devendra Fadnavis addressed 40 meetings. Similarly, state NCP chief Sunil Tatkare, former public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal, NCP MP and Sharad Pawar's daughter Supriya Sule addressed 40 rallies each.
Congress president Sonia Gandhi held four meetings, while her son and party Vice-President Rahul Gandhi six rallies.

India climbs eight ranks in Hunger IndexIndia climbs eight ranks in Hunger Index
BS Reporter | New Delhi Oct 14, 2014 12:40 AM IST
India has improved its position in the Global Hunger Index. The country climbed eight positions in the index from 63 last year to 55 this year, though it still trails nations like Malawi, Ghana and Suriname.
A significant reduction in the number of underweight children as well as the successful roll-out and expansion of programmes like the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) and the Public Distribution System helped India get a better rank.
However, some poor African nations — like Suriname at 9, Ghana at 16 and Malawi at 32 — had better rankings.
The index is prepared by International Food Policy Research Institute (IFPRI), along with Welthungerhilfe and Concern Worldwide.
India’s score in the index improved significantly from 21.3 points last year to 17.8 points this year. The lower the score, the lesser the incidence of hunger as estimated by the IFPRI. India’s improvement has left behind neighbours Pakistan and Bangladesh. Both had an identical score of 19.1 points and were placed at 57. Last year, both had scores better than India.
China managed to pull an equal number of people out of hunger in 2014 as in 2013, and it acquired the fifth position among 76 countries that have managed to elevate a significant number of people.
In India’s case, the index has shown a consistent fall since 2000, when it had 25.5 points.
“India has made a significant improvement in number of underweight children under five and the prevalence of under weight in children fell by almost 13 percentage points between 2005-2006 and 2013-2014. It no longer ranks second-to-last in the world on underweight in children,” the report said.
The IFPRI added that the sharp drop by India in the Global Hunger Index (GHI) score outpaces the drop seen in other South Asian countries.
“India is no longer in the category with ‘alarming’ hunger and has moved to ‘serious’,” IFPRI said. It said the country’s overall score has improved due to the government’s roll-out and expansion of several programmes that target under-nutrition, including the Integrated Child Development Services and the National Rural Health Mission.
The Supreme Court has also appointed a commission to monitor the delivery of food-based programmes.
The IFPRI said indirect factors that contributed to less hunger in India may have included the MGNREGA and reforms to the PDS that distributes food among the poor.
On a long-term basis, the IFPRI data showed that in the last 14 years, GHI scores for Southeast Asia showed the steepest decline compared to other parts of the globe.
South Asia reduced its GHI score by three points between 1990 and 1995, mainly through a decline of almost 9 percentage points in underweight children. Following a 10-year slowdown, the region has made considerable progress again since 2005.
Several Southeast and South Asian countries, including Vietnam, Cambodia, Thailand and Bangladesh, have shown dramatically improved scores since 1990, the IFPRI said.

Modi pitches for closer cooperation with Canada in N-energyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Saradha scam: ED grills painter  industrialistHi Guest
Saradha scam: ED grills painter, industrialist
Enforcement Directorate on Monday grilled painter Suvaprasanna and industrialist Harsh Neotia in connection with the Saradha scam. Both of them had been asked to appear before the agency for questioning in connection with the multi-crore scam, ED sources told PTI. Suvaprasanna, considered close to ruling Trinamool Congress in West Bengal, allegedly sold a television channel he owned to Saradha Group chief Sudipta Sen, now in jail custody. He was also involved in setting up the sprawling Arts ...

TPDDL starts scheme to encourage online bill paymentsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Indo-Asian Projects: Change in name of the companyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Lypsa Gems & Jewellery to hold board meetingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Retail inflation drops to 6.46 % in Sept  lowest since Jan 2012Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

AI CMD Rohit Nandan gets extension till Aug 2015AI CMD Rohit Nandan gets extension till Aug 2015
BS Reporter | New Delhi Oct 13, 2014 08:54 PM IST
The government today extended Air India Chairman and Managing Director Rohit Nandan's term for the second time till August, 2015.
The Appointments Committee of the Cabinet (ACC) approved the extension of Nandan as the airline's Chairman and Managing Director "till August 21, 2015 or till the appointment of a regular incumbent, whichever is earlier," an order issued by the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) said.
This is the second time that 57-year-old Nandan, a 1982 batch IAS officer of Uttar Pradesh cadre, has been granted an extension. The first extension came on August 11 after he completed a three-year term at the helm of Air India, so that "the process of selection of a new CMD may be completed in the meantime".
Following this, the Civil Aviation Ministry had sought his continuation in the post crediting Nandan with improving the performance of the loss-making airline and successfully making Air India a member of the 27-member global airlines grouping, Star Alliance.
The Ministry was also understood to have pointed out that a new appointment would disturb continuity and affect Air India's performance at a critical stage when its overall performance had started looking up.

Pakistan taught  befitting lesson   says Modi after decline in firingAs firing from across the border declined following strong retaliatory response by India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi Friday said Pakistan has been taught a "befitting lesson" with the Army "shutting their mouth".
         
"Pakistan has got a befitting lesson. They will not dare to repeat it again. Our jawans have shut their mouth," he said addressing an election rally at Dhamangaon in Maharashtra.
         
The Prime Minister said those living close to the border with Pakistan who had to leave their homes following nine days of heavy mortar shelling and firing will be adequately compensated by the Centre.
         
"I assure you, the government of India will act promptly to provide adequate compensation to those who had to leave their homes due to shelling and migrate elsewhere," he said.
         
Modi also slammed Congress for targeting him over his government's response to Pakistan's aggression.
         
"Congress is busy issuing statements over what is happening on the Pakistan border. This not the time for empty 'boli' (talk) by them, but for 'goli' (bullet) by our jawans," he said.
A lady clears her damaged house after heavy firing from the Pakistan side of the border at Kanachak village in Jammu. (Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
 Meanwhile Pakistan prime minister Nawaz Sharif Friday called for honouring the sanctity of the border with India. 
Sharif, who chaired a National Security Committee (NSC) meeting, said that Pakistan's desire for peace should not be misunderstood, Dawn  Online reported.
The meeting was attended by Pakistan's interior minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan, defence minister Khawaja Asif, the advisor to prime minister on national security and foreign affairs Sartaj Aziz and senior military officers.
The top military leadership briefed the meeting about the latest situation along the Line of Control and the International Boundary and said that Pakistani forces were only firing in self-defence and not targeting civilian areas.
 Sharif also deplored the loss of lives in the Pakistani side as a result of the firing.
Except for  firing by Pakistan in Hiranagar sector of Kathua district for about 20 minutes at four  BSF outposts, there for was no firing along the IB on Thursday night. 
Read: Pak’s logic for targeting border stumps Army, BSF
"There was no cross-border firing during the intervening night of October 9 and 10 along the International Border in Jammu and Samba districts", a BSF spokesperson said.
 The IB has witnessed heavy firing for nine days that has left eight persons dead and injured nearly 90 people, including 13 security personnel.
 
Besides over 32,000 people have fled from their border homes leaving 113 hamlets deserted along the IB.
 
India and Pakistan troops traded heavy fire along the IB on the intervening night of October 7 and 8 after Pakistan Rangers shelled almost the entire IB by targeting 60 outposts and over 130 border hamlets in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts of Jammu and Kashmir, in which 15 people including 3 BSF jawans were injured.
Earlier on Thursday defence minister Arun Jaitley warned Pakistan that it would have to pay an “unaffordable” price if it persisted with unprovoked firing along the border, upping the ante amid the most intense fighting between the South Asian rivals in over a decade.
“If Pakistan persists with this adventurism, our forces will make the cost of this adventurism unaffordable for it,” Jaitley told a press conference. “India is a responsible state. It is never an aggressor but at the same time it has a paramount duty to defend its people and its territory.”
Watch: Pakistan to pay ‘unaffordable’ price for their ‘adventurism’: Arun Jaitley
Jaitley said Indian forces were doing a commendable job in the face of acts of aggression by Pakistan and ruled out talks until the firing continued.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said India responded to the aggression from across the border with courage.
“The enemy has realised that times have changed and their old habits will not be tolerated,” Modi told an election rally in Maharashtra's Baramati on Thursday .
“Today, when bullets are being fired on the border, it is the enemy that is screaming. Our jawans have responded to the aggression with courage.”
Read: To minimise casualties, BSF asks locals to restrict movement
This is the first major fighting with Pakistan that the Prime Minister has dealt with since winning the election in May. It comes after weeks of destabilising anti-government protests in Pakistan and just a few days ahead of state assembly elections, for which Modi has been campaigning.
While exchanges of sporadic fire are common along the border, the extent and intensity of the exchanges and the number of civilian deaths is unusual
Analysts say the violence comes at a time when Pakistan's army is taking a more assertive role in the country’s politics while India has toughened its stance ahead of assembly elections this month.

Wayward Olive Garden Might Start Salting Its Pasta Water AgainCooked with unsalted pasta water.
Photo by Krista via Flickr
About a month ago, it came out that Olive Garden had been committing a culinary crime against humanity: The Italian chain was not salting its pasta water .
The scandal was first revealed in a 294-page slide presentation compiled by Starboard Value, a hedge fund and activist investor that holds an 8.8 percent stake in Darden and had been engaged in a lengthy proxy fight for control of Darden's board. Whether the pasta water or something else was the final straw we may never know. But on Friday, Starboard emerged from the battle victorious, ousting the entire Darden board and electing all 12 of its nominated directors .
Advertisement
As Reuters notes, Starboard's win was an unusually large one for activist investors, who typically lock up no more than a few spots on a company's board. Starboard and another activist investor, the Barington Capital Group, had spent months lobbying for Darden to spin off Olive Garden, Red Lobster, and LongHorn Steakhouse from higher-growth chains in Darden's portfolio. Then in May, Darden abruptly decided to sell Red Lobster alone for $2.1 billion over strong shareholder objections. Tensions increased even further and pushed more investors to Starboard's side.
In a statement released Friday, Starboard CEO Jeffrey Smith said that "Darden has all the right ingredients to regain the strength and prominence it once enjoyed. We look forward to continuing our hard work from inside the boardroom and working with management on a shared goal of excellence for Darden."
We can only assume those "right ingredients" will include a restored dose of salt to the Olive Garden pasta water.
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.

15 minutes: The time women take to say  yes  or  no  to sexA new study has revealed that females take just 15 minutes to decide on mate.  And a single gene may be behind how they choose mates.
Shutterstock
In a study of fruit fly brains, the final decision about whether to accept or reject a male's courtship comes down to the option that is the most exciting and the decision appears to be generated by a very small number of excitatory neurons that use acetylcholine as their neurotransmitter located in three brain regions.
Also read: Women have more sex in summer?
By studying the genes in fruit flies that control mate choice, researchers at the Case Western Reserve University found one gene that, when mutated, rendered the female flies incapable of deciding whether to mate or not.
"This gene, named dati, was hiding in one of the most genetically inaccessible regions of the genome," said Rui Sousa-Neves from the Case Western Reserve University.
By choosing a mate, females select the traits they like and this choice is responsible for qualities of future generations of children.
Also read:  Men experience bliss with sex, women chocolates
"What is so remarkable about dati is that females that are mutant for just this single gene can never decide to accept males, no matter how hard the males try to impress them," explained lead author Joseph Schinaman.
A very small number of excitatory neurons located in three brain regions are responsible for the decision about mates and, as a consequence, the qualities of the next generation.
The study appears in the journal PLOS Biology.

For chart watchers  oil in technical graveyard  facing deeper routUpdated: October 12, 2014 21:53 IST
For chart watchers, oil in ‘technical graveyard' facing deeper rout
Frank Tang
oil and gas - upstream activities
World oil prices are on the brink of sliding another $10 or more, according to chart analysts who say the over 20 per cent drop since June has wiped out key support levels and left behind a ‘technical graveyard’.
On Friday, Brent crude dropped to its lowest level in nearly four years before ending near flat at $90.21 a barrel. A combination of unrelenting supply from the U.S. shale oil boom and disappointing demand from Europe and China has walloped markets, with Saudi Arabia reluctant to curtain output.
According to analysts who use historical chart patterns to anticipate price movements, the worst may not be over.
On a weekly chart, Brent futures had earlier closed in on $88.49 a barrel — the pivot support level representing a 76.4 per cent Fibonacci retracement of their most recent high and low from February to June of 2012.
“If we get a weekly close below $88.49, it’s a very bearish indicator that will likely signal the acceleration of the downward trend,’’ said Jay Bishen, analyst at CitiFX, Citigroup's technical research team in New York.
A weekly close below the level suggests Brent crude could fall much further to the lows reached in February and May of 2010, near $68 a barrel, he said. Oliver Sloup, director of managed futures at iiTrader in Chicago, said the chart for U.S. crude oil futures was a ‘technical graveyard’ after their rout sent prices crashing below all major moving averages in the last three months, making Fibonacci numbers the next best indicators.
U.S. crude futures closed at $85.82 on Friday.
“The next critical support for WTI is $76, the full retracement from the highs and lows of 2010. It’s a big level that a lot of traders and algorithms are looking at,’’ he said. Mr. Bishen said a bearish head-and-shoulder pattern that started in July, 2012, indicates a downward move toward the $75-$77 range is possible.
Fibonacci numbers are a common technical tool used to predict the relationship between percentage changes and a sequence of important numbers.
“There is an old saying: The trend is your friend. There is no reason to try to pick a bottom here,’’ Sloup said. "We see short covering today but that happens in a bear market, and the downward trend is likely to continue." — Reuters

Tharoor dropped as Congress spokesperson for praising ModiTharoor dropped as Congress spokesperson
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 13, 2014
First Published: 14:23 IST(13/10/2014) | Last Updated: 02:13 IST(14/10/2014)
Comments
The Congress Monday removed Shashi Tharoor as a spokesperson for his "repeated praise" of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the second time the party had "disciplined" the former Union minister in four years.
Tharoor, whose relationship with the party has been rather tumultuous, accepted the decision as a "loyal worker of Congress" but did indicate he was not given an opportunity to respond to the accusations levelled by the party's Kerala unit.
"As a loyal worker of the Congress party, I accept the decision of the party president to relieve me of my responsibilities as a spokesman," said Tharoor after the decision was announced.
Tharoor's removal was recommended by a Congress disciplinary committee , which was later accepted by party president Sonia Gandhi.
The disciplinary panel  took up the issue following a complaint by the Congress' Kerala unit that his participation in the Prime Minister's Swachh Bharat mission upset party workers.
The report of the Kerala unit had held that Tharoor's adulatory statements about Modi had hurt Congress workers in Kerala, who had worked sincerely for his victory from Thiruvananthapuram Lok Sabha seat.
 
Tharoor had earlier reacted sarcastically to the Kerala unit's move, saying this would mean the state leadership would finally read what he actually wrote instead of oral summaries.
The three-member committee, comprising senior leaders Motilal Vora, AK Antony and Sushilkumar Shinde, looked into the entire matter, including Tharoor’s acceptance of Modi’s invitation to join the campaign.
The view in the AICC is that Tharoor should have kept in mind that he holds a responsible position in the party and that party interests should come first.
Tharoor had recently accepted Prime Minister Modi's invitation to join a group of  nine celebrities, which included actor Salman Khan and cricketer Sachin Tendulkar, to join the Clean India mission, but still expressed revervations that it could be tokenism.
Tharoor had also gone to the US during the time the Prime Minister was  there, and had appeared on various television channels. Party sources say that nobody was assigned from Congress to the US during Modi's visit and speak on the party's behalf.
Tharoor has not been briefing media at the AICC from June 4 after his piece in Huffington Post, praising Modi kicked up a big row in the Congress.
 
The Congress leader had said that it would be "churlish" if his party did not take note of Modi's efforts to sound gracious and accommodative and reinvent himself from a "hate figure into an avatar of modernity and progress".
The comment did not go down well with the Congress which snubbed him immediately, describing it as his "personal view"
Tharoor has so far rejected suggestions that he was moving closer to the BJP by asserting that he was a "proud Congressman" and never endorsed the "Hindutva agenda" of the BJP.
The Kerala Pradesh Congress Committee welcomed the action against Tharoor.
In April 2010, Tharoor was asked to resign as the minister of state for external affairs following an uproar over his alleged role in the purchase of an IPL franchise that was later terminated over a unrelated payment dispute.
Perceived to be close to the Gandhi family, he was brought back in the government in October 2012.
Tharoor's five-year association with the Congress has had a fare share of controversies - ranging from his infamous "cattle-class" tweet to a raging Twitter war between his late wife Sunanda Pushkar and a Pakistani journalist. The Congress, however, was quick to dismiss that the decision was linked to Pushkar's mysterious death. 
"He is still a Congress leader and the chairperson of the standing committee on external affairs," spokesperson Shobha Oza said.
Meanwhile, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Subramanyan Swamy claimed that the Congress was distancing itself from Tharoor because of the controversy over the death of his wife Sunanda Pushkar.
Swamy was referring to recent forensic reports which suggested that Sunanda was poisoned and that the Delhi police should re-investigate the case.
( With PTI inputs)

Stock market looks to hold key price floorStock market looks to hold key price floor
By: Adam Shell October 13, 2014 7:09 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Specialist Anthony Matesic works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Oct. 10. U.S. stocks closed out a turbulent week with another loss, giving the market its worst week since May 2012. (Richard Drew, AP)
After suffering a 3.1% drop last week, its worst weekly plunge since May 2012, Wall Street will be watching the S&P 500 this week to see if the large-company stock index can stay above a key long-term trend line.
After last week’s market rout, caused by fears of a global growth slowdown, the Standard & Poor’s 500 closed at 1906.03, less than a point above its average price over the past 200 trading days, or 1905.22. The chart below shows the S&P 500 (blue line) colliding with the 200-day moving average (the red line).
The S&P 500 stock index is in danger of falling below its 200-day moving average for the first time since November 2012. The blue shaded area is the S&P 500, and the red line is the 200-day moving average. (Chart: Yahoo Finance)
The so-called 200-day moving average is a key level to watch. The reason: a close above that level suggests the market remains in an uptrend, while a dip below that key price floor suggests the market trend has turned down. One point of clarification, however: the breach of the 200-day moving average has to be significant and long-lasting to confirm a switch in the trend to a downtrend. A one- or two-day dip below the key level or a minor point drop below could prove to be temporary, although failure to hold the long-term trend often prompts even more selling.
“The 200-day moving average is looked at as a long-term trend indicator,” says Paul Hickey, co-founder of Bespoke Investment Group. “When the price is above it, markets are thought to be trending higher. When the price is below it, markets are thought to be trending lower.”
Watch out for 1900 on the S&P 500, too, as that could be an area where the market could see a sign of a bounce back, says Ari Wald, a technical strategist at Oppenheimer.
“The S&P 500 is down 5.6% (from its intraday high) over a 15-day period, which is nearing the two-year correction average of 6% over 20 days (since the start of 2010),” Wald noted in a research report. “Converging support at 1900 is where we would expect to see a bounce with many of our bottoming indicators in an oversold condition.”
In early trading, the S&P 500 was trading down nearly 4 points to 1902.
Hays Advisory told clients this morning that the S&P 500’s recent weakness could spur a bounce, but warns that market psychology has turned negative.
“The market internals are very oversold, so a bounce here is possible,” the firm said in an alert this morning. “Psychology is slow to improve. … We need much more improvement in psychology before any action would be warranted.”
 

Modi hits out at rivals on last day of campaigningModi hits out at rivals on last day of campaigning
Agencies  New Delhi, October 13, 2014
First Published: 18:48 IST(13/10/2014) | Last Updated: 19:07 IST(13/10/2014)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi hit out at the Congress and the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) on Monday for promoting “dynastic rule” as political parties wrapped up campaigning for this week’s crucial assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana.
 
With no local face in Maharashtra which has 288 seats and Haryana which has 90 seats, the BJP banked heavily on Modi to campaign for Wednesday’s elections which are a test of popularity for the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) after its spectacular win in the Lok Sabha election five months ago. Counting of votes is on Sunday.
 
Modi addressed over 30 rallies in the two states, 20 of them in Maharashtra where it is slugging it out in a five-cornered battle after it decided to call off its 25-year-old alliance with the Shiv Sena.
 
In Haryana, the main contest is between the ruling Congress, a resurgent opposition Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
 
“Their (Congress-NCP) leaders have made it a feudal set-up. The father comes to power and asks his children to take care of a few districts. If the fate of Konkan and Sindhudurg has to change, then ensure that the BJP government comes to power,” Modi said during a rally at Kankavli in Konkan region, a traditional Congress stronghold.
 
"Will you wipe out thieves and robbers in this election? Maharashtra should be freed from the clutches of dynastic rule."
 
In Maharastra, Modi avoided any criticism of the Shiv Sena, but took on the opposition over dynastic politics and corruption. He came down heavily on both the Congress and NCP, saying
they were highly corrupt and had looted the state for the last 15 years.
 
NCP chief Sharad Pawar's nephew Ajit Pawar, a former deputy chief minister, is a prime contender for chief ministership if the party is voted to power.
 
Modi said for the first time in 30 years there was a government at the Centre with an absolute majority and asked the electorate to give the BJP a clear majority in Maharashtra for good governance.
 
The Congress, which has ruled the state with ally NCP for 15 years, faces defeat on the same anti-incumbency wave that toppled it from power in the general election but retains pockets of support.
 
While campaigning in Haryana, Modi hit out at the Congress government and the Om Prakash Chautala-led INLD for running the state like a "family fiefdom” and said the BJP would propel the state on the path of development.
 
In what is being touted as chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda's toughest battle yet, the Congress is fast losing ground in the state. The party has 41 MLAs in the current assembly, while the INLD has 34 and the BJP which is going out of its way to leave a mark in these elections has just four legislators.

Centre s reply sought on PIL about GM s reca...Bombay High Court seeks Centre's reply on PIL about recall of cars by GM
By PTI | 14 Oct, 2014, 06.28AM IST
Tweet
According to the PIL, in July 2013 GM recalled 1.14 lakh units of its multi-purpose vehicle to address emission and specification issues.
MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court today asked the Union Ministry of Road Transport and Highways to file a reply to a PIL seeking CBI probe into the recall of Chevrolet Tavera cars by General Motors last year.
The direction was given by the division bench headed by Justice P V Hardas on a petition filed by activist Ketan Tirodkar which alleges that a government panel's report had indicted the company for substandard engines in Chevrolet Tavera BS3 (2.5L variant) and BS4 (2.0L variant).
The reply is to be filed by November end. According to the PIL, in July 2013 GM recalled 1.14 lakh units of its multi-purpose vehicle to address emission and specification issues.
The union ministry today submitted a letter to the court which said the Gujarat government had formed a special investigation team to probe the allegations as GM has a plant in the state, while Maharashtra government had refused to take action because Tavera is not produced in Maharashtra.
The PIL alleges that though the government panel indicted the company, no case was filed against GM because the panel was not vested with express jurisdiction to register an FIR.
However CBI has filed an affidavit saying it would not be able to take up the case as it is overburdened, and also because the case does not have inter-state ramifications as GM has plants only in Gujarat and Maharashtra.
The alleged fraud did not cause any loss to the Central government necessitating a CBI probe, it has said.
The central agency has also said in its affidavit that "the alleged offence would not attract cheating clause as attributed by the petitioner, but can be treated only as an offence civil in nature".
The petitioner can also file a case under the Consumer Protection Act, it says.

Sept retail inflation 6.46%  lowest since Jan 2012Retail inflation dips to 6.46% in Sept, but EMIs may stay high
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 13, 2014
First Published: 18:08 IST(13/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:49 IST(14/10/2014)
Comments
India's retail inflation slumped to a nearly three-year low in September, reinforcing the argument for lowering interest rates, although the central bank may prefer a status quo for a few more months.
Consumer inflation tumbled to 6.46% in September, down from August's revised 7.73% and far better than a consensus market forecast of 7.1%.
The inflation fall was helped by bountiful rains in the final stages of a patchy monsoon that lowered food prices.
The fall in global crude oil prices to below $90 a barrel will likely lead to price cuts in diesel and petrol, but patchy monsoon this summer could keep vegetable and food prices high.
But a status quo on interest rates would imply your EMIs are unlikely to fall anytime soon even as high prices, despite recent moderation in inflation rates, continue to eat away large chunks of household incomes.
Ahead of the festival season, high loan rates could influence people's decision to buy houses, cars and other consumer goods that are mostly bought through loans.
The more than one percentage point drop in retail inflation rates over August's figures should bring cheer to the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government that rode to a landslide election victory promising to bring down prices of essentials as part of its poll pledge to usher in "achche din (good days)".
It was also the lowest since January 2012, the month since the government launched a new price series with revised weights to various basket of goods.
The time to open the bubbly, however, may be still some months away as part of the fall in retail inflation, is also because of a high base effect - a statistical phenomenon that magnifies small changes, although the real fall may not be very large.
Last month, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Raghuram Rajan kept lending rates unchanged, withstanding mounting pressure from industry leaders and belying the government's hopes that he would lower borrowing costs to aid an incipient economic recovery.
"The RBI will find some comfort in these numbers," said global consultancy Deloitte India senior director Anis Chakravarty. But "it's important to see whether this trend continues", he added.
Rajan's aggressive policies to curb price rises appeared to be paying dividends, AFP reported, quoting economists.
"One shouldn't read too much into one set (of numbers) but it's looking increasingly likely the  bank will meet its inflation targets," the agency quoted Capital Markets chief Asia economist Mark Williams as saying.
"As a result, the RBI could start loosening monetary policy earlier than expected, especially with industry essentially still on its back," Williams added.
Rajan, who has declared he wants to "break the back of inflation", a persistent problem in India, has set a goal of wrestling down consumer inflation to six percent by January 2016.
Meanwhile, there are predictions that petrol and diesel prices could come down further as early this week, aided by plunging crude oil prices that touched $88 a barrel for the Indian crude basket.
India imports two-thirds of its energy need, making oil prices a key factor for inflation.
Lower oil prices will also help the Narendra Modi-led Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government deliver quickly on its electoral promises to cool inflation and revive the economy.
The inflation reading was the lowest figure since the government introduced the current consumer price index in January 2012.
But economists also cautioned the September figure was flattered by last year's high inflation and that statistical effect could wear off toward year-end, pushing inflation higher again.
India's economy has posted two years of sub-five-per cent growth, the longest slowdown in a quarter century.
But foreign investors have poured money into Indian stocks in hopes the new right-wing government's moves to clear infrastructure projects and create a more favourable business climate will lift growth and help India emulate China's economic ascent.
The data for inflation based on Wholesale Price Index (WPI) will be released on Tuesday.
(with AFP and PTI inputs)

Andhra  Odisha grapple with Hudhud aftermath; toll 24Rescue operations were underway in Andhra Pradesh and Odisha on Monday after a severe cyclone pounded the eastern coast, leaving 24 people dead and a trail of destruction in its wake.
  
Tidal waves hit the Vizag beach as Cyclone Hudhud reaches Visakhapatnam. (PTI Photo)
Tidal waves hit Vizag beach as cyclone Hudhud reaches the port city of Visakhapatnam. (PTI Photo)
Fishermen negotiate their skiff through rough waves ahead of Cyclone Hudhud on Saturday. (AFP Photo)
People look at a sea tide at Vizag on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
A man carries his wife to safety after a wave hits a beach in Gopalpur in Ganjam district, Odisha. (Reuters)
A view of Visakhapatnam city due to Cyclone hudhud on Sunday. (Arun Sharma/HT Photo)
Huge waves hit the beach in Visakhapatnam on Sunday. (AFP Photo)
People move during rain in Berhampur near Gopalpur sea beach as cyclone Hudhud looms. (PTI photo)
NDRF jawans depart from their Mundali headquarters to the districts that could be hit by Cyclone Hudhud in Bhubaneswar on Friday. (PTI Photo)
Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force (ODRAF) personnel who are to be deployed ahead of a new upcoming Cyclone Hudhud in Ganjam district, in Bhubaneswar. (Arabinda Mahapatra/HT photo)
Large waves buffet the coastline as Cyclone Hudhud makes landfall in Visakhapatnam. (AFP photo)
Residents of seaside village Satabhaya are rescued after their boat sank in Bausagali river in Odisha's Kendrapada district on Saturday. (Arabinda Mahapatra/ HT Photo)
A day after Cyclone Hudhud hit Visakhapatnam, the sun was out and there were no signs of Sunday’s fury when winds of up to 200 kilometres per hour and heavy rains lashed the port city.
Read: Finally, Indian weatherman draws respect
Authorities worked to restore communication lines, removing trees and electric poles and were trying to get air and train services back on track after strong winds damaged railroads and the airport.
People queued up at petrol pumps and outside ATMs and stores to buy essential commodities such as milk, candles and kerosene.
“We need at least 100 years to rebuild our beautiful city,” said a worker, cutting an uprooted tree outside the collectorate.
Relief teams were working round the clock to restore essential services by Tuesday, Visakhapatnam district collector N Yuvraj said.
The government is using Facebook, Twitter and WhatsApp to reach out to people.
Watch: Breathtaking photos of a man rescuing his wife in Odisha
Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Chandrababa Naidu, who has decided to camp in the city to oversee relief operations, said all possible support would be given to those affected.
“I like Visakhapatnam very much. It is painful to see the city in this condition,” he said after visiting some of the affected areas.
The death toll due to the devastating cyclonic storm in Andhra Pradesh climbed to 21. More than 1.35 lakh people taking shelter in relief camps.
"A total of 15 deaths were reported from Visakhapatnam district, five in Vizianagaram and one in Srikakulam," Special Commissioner in state disaster management department K Hymavathi told PTI.
PM visit on Tuesday
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will visit Visakhapatnam on Tuesday to take stock of the damage caused by the cyclone, whose intensity went to “severe” from “very severe” after wind speeds had dropped to 110 kmph by Sunday evening.
“Will visit Visakhapatnam tomorrow and take stock of the situation,” the Prime Minister tweeted.
Modi directed top central officials to ensure there were no bottlenecks in relief and rescue operations in Andhra Pradesh and Odisha as he took stock of the situation of the two cyclone-hit states on the eve of his visit to Vishakapatnam.
At the high-level meeting on the aftermath of Cyclone Hudhud, he also emphasised the need to document learnings from this cyclone, and to put in place more precise drills and disaster management plans involving all stakeholders, especially in areas which are prone to such disasters.
The defence ministry said four naval ships were ready to sail to the coast, carrying relief material for 5,000 people, and about 24 diving teams for relief operations.
Read: States must step up to tackle natural calamities
As many as five lakh people had taken shelter in relief camps, said chief secretary Parakala Prabhakar.
The ongoing India-West Indies one-day series was also affected with the Board for Control of Cricket in India calling off the fourth match that was to be played at Visakhapatnam on Tuesday.
No floods in Odisha
In neighbouring Odisha, where the cyclone was less severe, special relief commissioner PK Mohapatra said teams were working to clear the debris on the roads.
“Our advance teams cleared the roads within an hour. We evacuated more than 2.74 lakh people and by God’s grace, there is no increase in casualty,” Mohapatra said.
A state government report said Cyclone Hudhud damaged about 48,000 thatched houses, 600 electric poles, 24 transformers and 75 km of electric wires. The death toll remained static at three since Sunday.
Mohapatra said the state was expecting more rains in the next 24 hours although there would not be a flood-like situation.
Hudhud moves to Chhattisgarh
 
The intensity of cyclone Hudhud reduced as it moved to Chhattisgarh on Monday morning and has turned into a 'deep depression', MeT department said.
 
In the next six hours, its intensity will reduce further and it will turn into a 'depression' and bring rainfall in several parts of east India, it said.
 
"The 'deep depression' over south Chhattisgarh and neighbourhood moved northwards and lay centered 50km south of Raipur. It will move northwards for next 12 hours and then north-northeastwards.
 
"It will weaken into a depression during the next 6 hours and into a well-marked low pressure area during the subsequent 12 hours," an Indian Meteorological Department bulletin said.
(With inputs from agencies)

Government owes company money. Stock soarsGovernment owes company money. Stock soars
By: Matt Krantz October 13, 2014 11:44 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Shares of Doral Financial (DRL) are up more than 30% Monday on the news the bank is owed more than $223 million in tax receivables from Puerto Rico tax authorities.
The mortgage lender, which mainly operates out of Puerto Rico, had been fighting Puerto Rico tax officials over what it thought was an overdue refund of $222.9 million. The payment is in connection to the bank’s restatement of financial results between 1998 and 2004. The lender claims it was owed a refund based on the taxes paid on overstated profit in the years in question.
Shares of Doral are up $1.64, or 31%, to $7.01.
Puerto Rico’s financial standing has been shaky since 2006, and Doral’s profit has struggled to recover since the housing bubble.
Puerto Rico’s Treasury Secretary Melba Acosta Febo will appeal the decision, Bloomberg reports.

TFA implementation problem a real shame: World Bank chieftrade agreements
World Bank President Jim Yong Kim has described the world’s inability to get across the finish line with the Trade Facilitation Agreement as “really, really a shame,” adding that the market would “punish those who are putting their heads in the sand”.
Speaking on the margins of the Annual Fall Meetings of the Bank and the International Monetary Fund alongside Roberto Azevedo, Director-General of the World Trade Organisation, Mr. Kim said that global trade could have a poverty-reducing impact but “all of this works better if we have this TFA. The more complicated the customs rules, the more complicated the relationships are between countries, the more it favours bigger companies.”
The entire panel discussion appeared to represent a pitch for the TFA, which has additional significance for India, one of the few nations that declined to meet the July 31 deadline for adopting the Bali Agreement citing concerns relating to the lack of progress on food security issues at the WTO.
“Trade Facilitation was one of the important elements of the outcome from the Bali Ministerial and we remain fully committed to supporting implementation of the Bali deal as we see the development benefits of reducing costs to trade,” Mr. Kim however said.
Adding his voice to the strong message of support for the TFA, Mr. Azevedo said, “I have to acknowledge that we are having difficulties in the implementation of the TFA but I am sure that this is not the end of the road. We are going to do it and just have to figure out how.”
Commenting on the convergence of approach across the WTO and the Bank in terms of the campaign to get the TFA deal done, he said, “We’re announcing today that [the WTO and the World Bank] are working together to complement our efforts in providing this kind of technical assistance to countries that need it. The point is to make sure that no country that is a member of the WTO is left behind.”
While Mr. Kim praised the Chinese e-commerce company Ali Baba for creating value chains that surpassed the Chinese mail system by investing in multiple transportation companies to get products from local farmers into the cities, he said that without the TFA in place poor people across countries who wanted to trade with each other were prevented from doing so.
“It’s really, really, a shame that we’re having some difficulty getting across the finish line for the TFA,” he said, adding, “The more complicated the customs rules, the more complicated the relationships are between countries, the more it favours bigger companies.”
Small and medium enterprises across nations would lose out in this scenario, he cautioned.

RIL Q2 PAT up 1.7% at Rs 5972 crore; beats estimatesYou are here: Home > Collections > Refining
RIL reports 1.7% rise in Q2 net, despite higher cost of power & fuel, strong refining margins
ET Bureau Oct 14, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
ET Now POLL
(The company earned $8.3…)
MUMBAI: Reliance Industries reported a 1.7% rise in quarterly net profit as strong refining margins and the growth of its US shale business helped the conglomerate's earnings grow despite lower crude oil processing, higher cost of power and fuel, and a 4.3% contraction in turnover.
The company earned $8.3 for each barrel of crude oil it turned into fuels in the second quarter of the current fiscal, rising from a gross refining margin of $7.7 in the same quarter a year ago. The company said its refining margin was $3.5 more than regional peers during the quarter, increasing its lead from $2.5 a year ago.
CMD Mukesh Ambani said refining and petrochemicals outperformed regional benchmarks and expressed optimism about RIL's outlook. "Renewed optimism in domestic economy augurs well for business and consumer confidence particularly against the backdrop of continuing concerns on global economic growth."
"We expect to create significant value for our stakeholders over the next 12-18 months as we complete our large investment programme across energy and consumer businesses. These projects will propel the next phase of growth for India and Reliance," he said in a statement.
Turnover decreased 4.3% to Rs 113,396 crore, mainly because of lower crude oil prices and lower volume in the refining as well as oil and gas business. The company's gas output in the KG-D6 block has languished while the government has not yet allowed it to increase the price of gas. The company says output fell because of geological complexities but the government blames Reliance for the drop in production and has penalised it by denying reimbursement of some costs. Reliance says such action violates the contract, and has initiated arbitration. "The result is marginally above expectation but there are no significant positives in operations of the company. The next trigger for the company would be the gas pricing that is due to be announced on November 15 but the worry is that if it is fixed below $6 then some of Reliance's deep water wells would become unviable," said Dhaval Joshi, analyst, Emkay Research.
RIL spent more on fuel and power in the second quarter. This made its "other expenditure" rise 19.8% to Rs 9,660 crore. "Consolidation of Network 18 Media & Investments Limited from this quarter has also impacted Y-o-Y comparisons. The increase of power and fuel is on account of lower usage of internal fuels which were utilised for value optimisation," it said.
The US shale business, where RIL has invested $7.7 billion so far, reported revenue of Rs 1,619 crore, up 34% from a year ago, but EBIT dropped 17% due to lower gas prices. The revenue from domestic oil and gas operations fell 5.7% to Rs 1,380 crore, while the segment's EBIT was down 6.7% at Rs 332 crore. Chief Financial Officer Alok Agarwal told reporters that the company's operational US Shale assets are yielding return on capital employed of over 12%.
Commenting on media reports that RIL may sell its 45% stake in the Eagle Ford basin shale oil and gas venture in the US for an estimated $4.5 billion, Agarwal told reporters, "Eagle Ford is a most successful joint venture and it has gained a very decent amount of valuation in the last 12 months. So our partners and us both are looking at what's best for the JV going forward."
The company has started selling diesel at its fuel retail outlets at the same price being offered by state-run oil marketing companies. RIL executives said that they are looking at all options for growth of this business but would decide a strategy only when the government decontrols diesel prices.
Its retail business had a much higher revenue of Rs 4,167 crore, compared with the previous quarter, with an EBIT of Rs 99 crore. "The business recorded the highest revenue and PBDIT in any quarter and as a result of focused expansion, has crossed over 2,000 operational stores spanning 155 Indian cities.
Despite persistent inflation and slow consumption growth, second quarter revenue for Reliance Retail grew by 20% Y-o-Y to Rs 4,167 crore." RIL executives said that the company expects to grow its retail business by 25-30% every year going ahead. It is also keen to tap synergies with its recently acquired Network 18 to explore and expand e-commerce.
Revenue from petrochemicals fell 1.8% to Rs 26,651 crore, but the segment's EBIT grew 0.8% to Rs 2,361 crore.
The company said it was dealing with problems at its gas fields where wells had shut due to water ingress, but its initial efforts did not meet expectations. "Various type of well intervention jobs have been planned in the wells shut due to water ingress. These are highly complex operations, having a low success rate and with hardly any analogues available in deep-water fields. Initial interventions (water shut off jobs) have not met expectations. However, revival actions in these wells post commissioning of Onshore Terminal Booster Compressor are being considered," it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

HC order on Vodafone transfer pricing being...Bombay high court
(High court order on Vodafone…)
MUMBAI: The Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) will give its views on the high court order on Vodafone transfer pricing case after studying the judgement, chairman K V Chowdary said today.
"We are examining transfer pricing issue at both the (Income Tax) commissioner and Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) levels. We will take a view shortly," he told PTI.
He said that all relevant issues would be considered and the department has also sought advice from the Law Ministry in the matter.
On Friday, the Bombay High Court ruled in favour of Vodafone, saying that the British telecom giant is not liable to pay Rs 3,200 crore demanded by the Income Tax department in a case related to transfer pricing.
The Income Tax department had charged Vodafone India additional income tax alleging that it had undervalued its shares in its subsidiary Vodafone India Services , while transferring them to its parent company in Britain. The transaction took place in FY2010.
Transfer pricing is the practice of arm's length pricing for transactions between group companies based in different countries to ensure that a fair price - one that would have been charged to an unrelated party - is levied.
Since cases similar to Vodafone's transfer pricing cases have come to the light, Chowdary said, "Existing cases will be treated as per relevant laws in existence while new ones related to transfer pricing will go to a specially constituted High Level Co-ordination Committee (HLCC)".
As for the second case on Vodafone involving an Income Tax claim of $2 billion after a controversial amendment in the statute retrospectively, Chowdary said an arbitration is under way to arrive at a solution.
During a speech at the Indo-American Chamber of Commerce, Chowdary asserted the sovereign's right to change laws retrospectively, and added that taxpayers have benefited in some cases.
"Retrospective amendment is the constitutional prerogative of the government and governments prior to this have enacted tax laws with retrospective effect. Some of them have been in favour of the tax payer," he said, conceding that such amendments put the industry at some risk.
"The crux of the issue is whether an underlying asset is in this country and the effective transfer of the underlying asset has happened on account of transfer of asset from outside the territory of this country, whether capital gain arising out of this transaction be taxed or not. The indirect transfer is a taxable transaction in this country," he said.
He also defended criticism about the move being labelled as "tax terrorism", calling it a very unfair view. "The issue has already been decided by the Supreme Court. There are several other similar cases involved and the government will take a proper view of them," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

https://vine.co/v/OqzLeY...Watch Yamiche Alcindor's Vine "Crowd chanting "black lives matter, all lives matter."" taken on 13 October 2014. It has 129 likes.

Suit: Customer Attacked Over Cold Onion RingsMichael Reynolds / EPA
An employee hands over an order to a customer at the drive-thru of a Burger King restaurant.
A Burger King manager got a little hot under the collar after a customer sent back his cold onion rings. Instead of an apology or free coupons, he responded to the customer's complaint with a taser and switchblade.
According to a civil lawsuit filed this month in San Juan County Court, the manager, Francisco Berrera, plead guilty to felony assault with a deadly weapon. The victim, Robert DeYapp, is now suing Burger King and several franchise owners.
The complaint says that in June 2013, DeYapp got served cold onion rings. He went back to the counter and asked Berrera to heat them up. That's when things went south.
According to the lawsuit, "Mr. Berrera took the onion rings and then turned and said to a co-worker, 'Este gringo está enojado por la comida y no se da cuenta que yo lo voy a entregar y hacer lo que yo quiero y el todavía se lo come y nunca va tener idea a lo que yo hice a la comida.'"
The customer knew fluent Spanish and could understand what was said: 
"This white boy is mad about his food, and he doesn't even know that I'm going to return it and do whatever I want to it and he'll still eat it and never have any idea of what I did to his food."
DeYapp asked for a refund and was denied. Then the manager starting taking pictures of the customer and his car. When DeYapp asked what the manager was doing, the complaint says Berrera then "came around the counter and began lunging at Mr. DeYapp with a Taser in one hand and a switchblade knife in the other hand."
The customer was able to dodge the attack until the police arrived, the complaint said.
DeYapp is seeking punitive damages for assault and negligent hiring and training.
A call to DeYapp's attorney was not returned. Burger King said they don't comment on active litigation.
Tags:

Inside the head of Apple s top designerInside the head of Apple's top designer
By Melanie Hicken   @melhicken October 12, 2014: 1:05 PM ET
 
See the new Apple Watch in :60
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Jony Ive has been shaping Apple products for years and is an icon in the design world. But he keeps a pretty low profile, typically staying behind the scenes at Apple's massive Silicon Valley headquarters.
Apple's design chief talked about how he works in a recent interview with Vogue , offering his thoughts about the late Steve Jobs, the creative process and the planned 2015 release of the company's first wearable device, the Apple watch .
His partnership with Jobs: Ive, who became Apple's top designer in 1996, was thinking of quitting in the late 1990s. But Jobs convinced him to stay. The pair "just clicked," Ive told Vogue, and created a new generation of Apple products.
"When you feel that the way you interpret the world is fairly idiosyncratic, you can feel somewhat ostracized and lonely, and I think that we both perceived the world in the same way."
His design philosophy: Both Jobs and Ive agreed that technology should be approachable -- a philosophy that was especially clear from their first hit -- the iMac computer.
"I think what we sincerely try to do is create objects and products and ideas that are new and innovative, but at the same time there is a slightly peculiar familiarity to them."
Apple's Jony Ive
Why he can't design in silence: Ive told Vogue that he works best against the background of the rhythmic sounds of techno music.
"I find that when I write I need things to be quiet, but when I design, I can't bear it if it's quiet."
His favorite feature of the Apple watch: The promise of the Apple Watch is that it will do everything from track your steps to let you pay for your coffee.
But Ive said he is particularly interested in a mechanism inside the watch that will let users transmit their own heartbeats to other people wearing the watch. He told Vogue the feature is a reaction against how "technology tends to inhibit rather than enable more nuanced, subtle communication."
"You feel this very gentle tap, and you can feel my heartbeat. This is a very big deal, I think. It's being able to communicate in a very gentle way."

Fed rate hike likely to cause volatility in emerging markets: RajanComments
RBI governor Raghuram Rajan has said that emerging markets may experience some volatility initially when the US Federal Reserve begins to raise interest rates.
“My hope is that after the initial volatility there will be differentiation, and financial investors would try to see where there is some macro-stability... and I hope India comes out in (that) group,” Rajan said on the sidelines of of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank fall meetings.
Overall, however, when the US begins to raise rates, it will be good for the rest of the world. “The rest of the world will benefit from US growth,” he said.
There are no timelines yet on when the Fed will begin raising rates. It said in September it would end its bond-buying scheme in October but will leave the interest where it is now, near zero, for “considerable time”.
The bond-buying scheme has been the Fed’s chief weapon against the economic crisis that began in 2008.
But because the economy was nearly not as robust as the Fed would have liked it to be, a decision on interest rate rise was left to be determined at a later date.
The rupee plunged when the Fed first indicated it would end quantitative easing in 2013.
This time around, however, Rajan said a Fed rate hike would raise a question for India  — “do we go closer to the dollar, do we go close to the euro?”
“There will be some adjustments that would need to be made on that basis,” he added.

Gurgaon plots: HC dismisses DLF plea questioning CCI jurisdictionThe Delhi high court has dismissed KP Singh-led DLF Home Developers Ltd’s plea questioning whether the Competition Commission of India (CCI) had the jurisdiction to probe allegations of anti-competitive practices against it regarding its residential projects in Gurgaon.
The CCI will decide the complaint case against DLF on merit, the court said.
The CCI had in 2011 imposed a fine of Rs. 630 crore on DLF for abusing its dominant position in the real estate market. The order was upheld by the COMPAT in May this year.
The competition watchdog is currently probing allegations against DLF of having drafted a one-sided agreement with flat buyers in its New Town Heights project in Gurgaon.
In its six-page verdict, the court said the CCI and the Competition Appellate Tribunal (COMPAT) have held that the ant-trust regulator has the jurisdiction to entertain complaints against DLF. If the company is aggrieved by the final decision of the CCI, it shall be at liberty to challenge the same by way of an appeal, it said.
The watchdog’s order had come on the complaints of flat owners and allottees of Belaire, Park Place and Magnolia residential projects of DLF. They had complained of imposition of unfair and discriminatory conditions by the builder.

Mohandas Pai wishes Infosys founders all the bestMohandas Pai wishes Infosys founders all the best
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 13, 2014
First Published: 00:09 IST(13/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:11 IST(13/10/2014)
Comments
Thirty-three years after starting Infosys, when founders NR Narayana Murthy and S Gopalakrishnan bade farewell to the over $8 billion IT firm last Wednesday, it was marked the end of an era for the software giant, which was started by seven engineers.
With their exits, all of the seven founding members of Infosys had bid goodbye to India’s third-largest IT firm.
Corporate and industry leaders have since praised the founders for their professional approach towards relinquishing power.
The latest to join them is ex-Infosys CFO and HR head Mohandas Pai, currently the chairman of venture capital fund Aarin Capital Partners.    
Wishing the founders good luck ahead, Pai said in a letter to them: “For the first time a group of founders who created India’s most iconic company and ran it for 33 years stepped down from the board and put in place a new management team to take the company forward”
Stressing on their middle-class background, Pai said: “These were no ordinary folks. They were from the educated middle class, without family wealth... who became role models for a country of 1.25 billion-plus people.”
Hailing Infosys as the poster child of liberalisation, the former Infy executive said that the company was an answer to the great Indian middle-class dream and always followed the standards set by its founders. “It was a company based on the notion that merit shall prevail and of which they could always be proud.”
“A new standard has being set, again in the Infosys tradition of being the leader,” he wrote in the letter.

We ve right to be represented by lawyers: KFAWe've right to be represented by lawyers: Kingfisher Airlines
PTI Oct 13, 2014, 08.13PM IST
(PNB opposed the plea saying…)
NEW DELHI: Ailing Kingfisher Airlines, facing proceedings initiated by lending bank PNB to declare it and its guarantors Vijay Mallya and UBHL as wilful defaulters, today told the Delhi High Court that it has the right to be represented by lawyers before the bank's panel.
"Unless, a law specifically bars, a person or a company has every right to be represented by lawyers before a quasi- judicial panel or other committees," the counsel for the firm told a bench comprising Chief Justice G Rohini and Justice R S Endlaw said.
The court asked senior advocate Rajiv Nayar, appearing for the airlines, to advance arguments also on the rights of lawyers to appear before different panels under the Advocates Act.
"The order in this case will have wide ramifications across the country. Usually, competent persons leave a sinking ship and such companies are left with nobody except professionals like lawyers to help them," the bench said.
Punjab National Bank, however, opposed the plea saying that the bank's panel does not perform duties of a quasi- judicial body and hence, the company does not have a right to be represented through lawyers.
The court has now fixed the plea of PNB for hearing on November 11.
In its plea, PNB challenged an order of a single-judge bench of the high court which had allowed lawyers to represent the airline in the proceedings to decide whether the carrier and its guarantors, Mallya and United Breweries (Holdings) Ltd (UBHL) are to be held wilful defaulters for non-payment of dues of over Rs 770 crore.
The court had earlier sought responses of the Centre and Kingfisher Airlines on the plea of the PSU bank.
PNB has contended that it had issued notice on August 21 to the airline asking why it and its guarantors be not declared wilful defaulters for non-payment of dues as per RBI guidelines.
PNB had said in its notice that in the event of no reply within seven days from August 21, the airline and its guarantors would be deemed as wilful defaulters.
The single-judge bench of the high court in its August 28 order had also stayed the bank's notice to the extent that the airline and its guarantors would be held as wilful defaulters for not replying within seven days.
The court had said the operation of the default notice would not come into effect as PNB will have to give to the airline, within a week from August 28, the documents relied upon by it and Kingfisher was given two weeks time thereafter to respond.
In its appeal, PNB said the airline had not disclosed that a similar plea of the carrier, against United Bank of India, was dismissed by a division bench of the Calcutta High Court on July 16.
It has also submitted that the airline's appeal against the Calcutta High Court's decision was dismissed by the Supreme Court on September 2.
The Delhi High Court in its August 28 order had held as "unacceptable" the bank's reasons for not allowing the airline to be represented by lawyers in the proceedings initiated to decide whether the grounded carrier is a wilful defaulter for non-payment of dues and directed that two advocates be allowed to represent Kingfisher.
  Kingfisher had moved the court seeking directions to the bank to rescind its August 21 notice and those issued earlier as well as to restrain it from taking any action against the airlines in pursuance of the same.
The court had also said that the hearing before the committee will be held on September 22 and would be concluded the same day within six hours in order to prevent any delay.
According to PNB, the airline has wilfully defaulted in payment of outstanding dues of over Rs 774 crore.
It has also submitted that Kingfisher Airlines has already been held as a wilful defaulter by United Bank of India for non-payment of dues.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Foreign investors can buy 74% paid up capita...You are here: Home > Collections
Foreign investors can buy up to 74% paid up capital in UPL Ltd
PTI Oct 13, 2014, 07.52PM IST
Tags:
FII
(The foreign shareholding…)
MUMBAI: The Reserve Bank today allowed foreign investors to hold up to 74 per cent paid up capital in UPL Ltd under Portfolio Investment Scheme ( PIS ) as the prescribed limit has gone below threshold.
"...advised that FIIs/RFPIs can now invest up to 74 per cent of the paid up capital of UPL Limited under the Portfolio Investment Scheme," RBI said in a notification.
The foreign shareholding by Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) or Registered Foreign Portfolios Investors (RFPIs) in the company had gone below the revised threshold limit.
The decision to enhance the limit for foreign investment came after the board of the company passed special resolution, agreeing to raise the limit for purchase of its equity shares and convertible debentures by FIIs/RFPIs.
"Hence, the restrictions placed on the purchase of shares of the above company are withdrawn with immediate effect," RBI said.
FIIs, NRIs and PIOs (Persons of Indian Origins) can invest in primary and secondary capital markets in India through Portfolio Investment Scheme (PIS).
The RBI monitors the ceilings on FII/NRI/PIO investments in Indian companies on a daily basis.
UPL Ltd share traded 1.15 per cent higher at Rs 335 at the close of business of BSE today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

September consumer inflation slides to 6.46%  fans rate cut hopesRetail inflation dips to 6.46% in Sept, but EMIs may stay high
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 13, 2014
First Published: 18:08 IST(13/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:49 IST(14/10/2014)
Comments
India's retail inflation slumped to a nearly three-year low in September, reinforcing the argument for lowering interest rates, although the central bank may prefer a status quo for a few more months.
Consumer inflation tumbled to 6.46% in September, down from August's revised 7.73% and far better than a consensus market forecast of 7.1%.
The inflation fall was helped by bountiful rains in the final stages of a patchy monsoon that lowered food prices.
The fall in global crude oil prices to below $90 a barrel will likely lead to price cuts in diesel and petrol, but patchy monsoon this summer could keep vegetable and food prices high.
But a status quo on interest rates would imply your EMIs are unlikely to fall anytime soon even as high prices, despite recent moderation in inflation rates, continue to eat away large chunks of household incomes.
Ahead of the festival season, high loan rates could influence people's decision to buy houses, cars and other consumer goods that are mostly bought through loans.
The more than one percentage point drop in retail inflation rates over August's figures should bring cheer to the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government that rode to a landslide election victory promising to bring down prices of essentials as part of its poll pledge to usher in "achche din (good days)".
It was also the lowest since January 2012, the month since the government launched a new price series with revised weights to various basket of goods.
The time to open the bubbly, however, may be still some months away as part of the fall in retail inflation, is also because of a high base effect - a statistical phenomenon that magnifies small changes, although the real fall may not be very large.
Last month, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Raghuram Rajan kept lending rates unchanged, withstanding mounting pressure from industry leaders and belying the government's hopes that he would lower borrowing costs to aid an incipient economic recovery.
"The RBI will find some comfort in these numbers," said global consultancy Deloitte India senior director Anis Chakravarty. But "it's important to see whether this trend continues", he added.
Rajan's aggressive policies to curb price rises appeared to be paying dividends, AFP reported, quoting economists.
"One shouldn't read too much into one set (of numbers) but it's looking increasingly likely the  bank will meet its inflation targets," the agency quoted Capital Markets chief Asia economist Mark Williams as saying.
"As a result, the RBI could start loosening monetary policy earlier than expected, especially with industry essentially still on its back," Williams added.
Rajan, who has declared he wants to "break the back of inflation", a persistent problem in India, has set a goal of wrestling down consumer inflation to six percent by January 2016.
Meanwhile, there are predictions that petrol and diesel prices could come down further as early this week, aided by plunging crude oil prices that touched $88 a barrel for the Indian crude basket.
India imports two-thirds of its energy need, making oil prices a key factor for inflation.
Lower oil prices will also help the Narendra Modi-led Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government deliver quickly on its electoral promises to cool inflation and revive the economy.
The inflation reading was the lowest figure since the government introduced the current consumer price index in January 2012.
But economists also cautioned the September figure was flattered by last year's high inflation and that statistical effect could wear off toward year-end, pushing inflation higher again.
India's economy has posted two years of sub-five-per cent growth, the longest slowdown in a quarter century.
But foreign investors have poured money into Indian stocks in hopes the new right-wing government's moves to clear infrastructure projects and create a more favourable business climate will lift growth and help India emulate China's economic ascent.
The data for inflation based on Wholesale Price Index (WPI) will be released on Tuesday.
(with AFP and PTI inputs)

SC tells DLF to deposit Rs.630 crore penaltyNew Delhi, August 27, 2014
Updated: August 27, 2014 18:46 IST
SC tells DLF to deposit Rs.630 crore penalty
IANS
The Hindu In 2011, The Belaire Flat Owners Association alleged DLF imposed highly arbitrary, unfair and unreasonable conditions on allottees of apartments in The Belaire in Gurgaon. Photo: Meeta Ahlawat
TOPICS
litigation and regulation
The Supreme Court Wednesday penalised real estate giant DLF Rs. 630 crore for exploiting its dominant position to the disadvantage of its customers in three projects in Gurgaon.
An apex court bench of Justice Ranjana Prakash Desai and Justice N.V. Ramana said that DLF would furnish an undertaking to pay Rs.170 crore interest on the penalty of Rs. 630 crore or the amount court may direct it to pay if its appeal falls in the Supreme Court.
The court said that DLF will deposit Rs. 50 crore of the Rs. 630 crore within three weeks and the balance of Rs.580 crore within three months from Wednesday. The court directed the registry to put this amount in a fixed deposit in a nationalised bank.
DLF agrees to pay fine
The realty firm DLF stated it will comply with the direction of the Supreme Court and said it remained confident about the merits of its case.
In a filing to the BSE, DLF said: “The copy of the order passed today by the Supreme Court is still awaited. DLF will take all steps to comply with the directions of the Supreme Court and remains confident of the merits of its case.”
The company further said that its appeal against the order of COMPAT has been admitted today by the Supreme Court.
“The Supreme Court directed DLF to deposit Rs 630 crore in an interest-bearing fixed deposit with the Court for the duration of the appeal proceedings.
“The amount is to be deposited within a period of three months, of which Rs 50 crore is to be deposited within three weeks. The entire deposit is subject to the final decision of the Supreme Court,” DLF said in the filing.
Reacting to the SC direction, shares of DLF fell by 4.44 per cent to settle at Rs 183.05 on the BSE. In intra-day, it tumbled 5.32 per cent to Rs 181.35. At the NSE, the stock slipped 4.49 per cent to end at Rs 183.05.

Compat rejects DLF plea; upholds Rs.630 cr CCI penaltyNEW DELHI, May 19, 2014
Updated: May 20, 2014 00:53 IST
Compat rejects DLF plea; upholds Rs.630 cr CCI penalty
PTI
The Competition Appellate Tribunal, on Monday, upheld a Rs. 630 crore penalty imposed on realty major DLF by the Competition Commission of India and emphasised that abuse of dominant position should be dealt with firmly.
DLF said it would move the Supreme Court on the matter.
In August 2011, the Competition Commission of India (CCI) found DLF violating fair trade norms and imposed the fine on a complaint by Belaire Owners’ Association.
The association alleged DLF imposed highly arbitrary, unfair and unreasonable conditions on allottees of apartments in The Belaire in Gurgaon, which had serious adverse effects and ramifications on the rights of the buyers.
“The order of CCI as well as this judgement is expected to go a long way to ameliorate all the conditions of the customers...If the consumer is exploited by a mighty builder, then such mighty builder cannot claim soft attitude from the State. We, therefore, refuse to bring down the penalty in any manner,” Compat said in a 139-page order .
The tribunal was of the opinion that DLF abused its dominant position. It said that as a dominant player, DLF has a special duty to be within the four corners of the law.
The Rs. 630 crore fine is equivalent to 7 per cent of DLF’s turnover, the CCI had said.
“The company shall be challenging the said order passed by the Compat in the Supreme Court for which Compat has given us 60 days time,” said DLF in a statement.

