US biz body wants Obama to raise trade issues with ModiUS business group wants Obama to raise trade issues with Modi
Lalit K Jha     Washington   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 18:42 IST
PM Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
A US business advocacy group on Friday said that concrete action is needed to remove longstanding Indian trade and investment barriers even as it appealed to President Barack Obama to take up the issues with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Washington next week.
"Prime Minister Modi has declared India 'open for business'. But to reboot a troubled and under performing bilateral commercial relationship, he must translate promising rhetoric into real results," said Alliance for Fair Trade with India (AFTI) co-chair Linda Dempsey.
"Manufacturers remain hopeful positive progress can be achieved. We will be watching for outcomes that can put US-India trade and investment ties on a positive track and establish the foundation for a balanced and mutually beneficial partnership," Dempsey said after AFTI sent a letter to Obama urging action on the issues it raised.
Welcoming Modi's visit, AFTI noted his positive statements and early steps aimed at improving India's business climate, and urged Obama to prioritise action to strengthen intellectual property protection and enforcement in India and to remove Indian trade and investment barriers harming a wide range of US industry sectors from manufacturing, entertainment, and agriculture to telecom, solar energy, biopharmaceuticals, and semiconductors.
"Thus far, however, the new Indian government has pursued troubling policies of its own. In particular, the government abrogated the commitment India made at the World Trade Organization Ministerial in Bali in December, 2013 and thereby blocked the implementation of a global trade facilitation agreement agreed to unanimously by all 160 members of the WTO , a move that threatens to undermine the global rules-based trading system," the letter said.
"The new Indian government has also raised tariffs and imposed burdensome new testing requirements on information and communication technology products from the US and other countries. These actions send perplexing and contradictory new signals about India's role in the global marketplace," it said.
"Your meeting with Prime Minister Modi later this month is a critical opportunity to press for concrete action and real results that can drive economic growth in both our countries," the letter said addressing Obama.
"If the Prime Minister is serious about an economic reform agenda that would give India and the US a chance to reinvigorate bilateral trade and investment ties and build a deeper and more reciprocal commercial relationship, we stand ready to work with you and his government in that endeavour," said the letter.
"The Prime Minister's recent focus on establishing a uniform IP policy is a promising step toward reversing policy choices that have consistently undermined IP rights in the past," said Mark Elliot, co-chair of AFTI and executive vice president of the US Chamber of Commerce's Global Intellectual Property Centre.
"In his meeting with Prime Minister Modi, the opportunity is ripe for President Obama to foster an open dialogue on how both nations can advance shared innovation and leverage mutually beneficial investments essential to our economic growth," he said.
(PTI)

Rupee recovers by 19 paise on strong equitiesForex update: Rupee recovers 19 paise on strong equities, at 61.15 against US dollar
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 18:28 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Breaking its four-day falling trend the rupee recovered by 19 paise to close at 61.15 against the Greenback following a smart rebound in the domestic equity market amid late dollar selling by exporters and some banks.
However, a firm dollar against other currencies overseas and sustained capital outflows capped the rupee rise to some extent, a dealer said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic currency opened lower at 61.46 a dollar from previous close of 61.34 . During the day it declined further to an intra-day low of 61.62, the lowest level since August 8, 2014 when it had touched 61.74.
Forex dealers attributed fall in the domestic unit to continued dollar demand from importers, mainly oil refiners to meet their month-end needs as also weakness in local stocks.
Later, fag-end dollar selling by exporters and some banks and recovery in local equities pulled it back to a high of 61.00 before concluding at 61.15, revealing a rise of 19 paise (or 0.31 per cent). In last four sessions, it had plunged by 53 paise (or 0.87 per cent).
The dollar index was up by 0.14 per cent against its six major global rivals.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO said, "Today Rupee traded volatile, in the first half it traded weak taking cues from strong dollar but in the second half local equities which opened on a weak note then recovered and closed in green as global rating agency upgraded India's credit outlook from negative to stable, which helped Rupee to gain and appreciate."
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex was down by nearly 248 points in afternoon trade, but later bounced back as ratigns agency Standard & Poors (S&P) upgraded the country's credit ratings and settled up by 157.96 points (or 0.60 per cent)
Meanwhile, Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) pulled out US $68.21 million on Thursday as per data released by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).

Red tape binds mars India s space flightsRed tape mars India's space flights
Aditya Kalra        Last Updated: September 27, 2014  | 14:33 IST
ISRO scientists and engineers watch Prime Minister Narendra Modi (L) on screens after Mars orbiter successfully entered at their Spacecraft Control Center in Bangalore on September 24, 2014.  Photo: Reuters
As India celebrated becoming the first Asian nation to reach Mars , S.M. Vaidya, head of business at conglomerate Godrej's aerospace division that made the spacecraft's engine and thruster components, sounded surprisingly downbeat.
The mission was, indeed, a major achievement, he said, and one of which the state-run Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) should be proud.
But a single trip to Mars was not enough to sustain a promising yet relatively small industry, he added, and ISRO should be doing more to foster it.
"Unless they fly more, they will not buy more from us," Vaidya told Reuters, shortly after news broke on Wednesday that Mangalyaan, Hindi for "Mars craft", had entered into orbit around the Red Planet about 10 months after launching.
"How many Mars missions are you going to have?"
India's successful mission, completed on a shoestring budget of $74 million, has boosted its prestige in the global space race and, back on Earth, raised the profile of Indian companies involved in the project.
But Godrej and some other firms are frustrated at what they say is the slow execution of projects and lack of government support, which are hampering India's efforts to compete with China and Russia as a cheaper option for launching satellites.
ISRO did not reply to questions for this article.
The Mangalyaan was built in 15 months with two-thirds of its parts manufactured by domestic firms such as Godrej & Boyce and India's largest engineering company, Larsen & Toubro.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said he wants to expand India's 50-year-old space programme. The government has increased funding for space research by 50 percent to almost $1 billion this financial year.
But the programme is still small, and the small number of launches limits the growth potential of private companies that supply them.
Between 2007 and 2012, ISRO accomplished about half of its planned 60 missions, government data showed. The government cited "development complexity" as the reason for the delay in some missions.
Between 2012 and 2017 the target is 58 missions. The agency has completed 17 missions so far, and ISRO did not say why the number remained low.
Some company executives and experts do not see that changing any time soon, with the absence of heavy rocket launchers, too few launch facilities and bureaucratic delays hampering growth.
MARS MEANS MORE FOR SOME
Larsen & Toubro, which manufactured motor casings and the antenna for Mars probe, is more positive about working with the ISRO, saying it has opened doors to other commercial opportunities.
Space projects have helped enhance its expertise in other sectors such as defence and aerospace, including missile technology and welding, said M. V. Kotwal, president of L&T's heavy engineering division.
"Volumes of business (from ISRO) have been relatively small, of the order of $40 million over the last five years, but the technological fallout in terms of high-precision manufacture has been considerable," Kotwal told Reuters.
L&T has been working with ISRO for over four decades and between 1-5 percent of its heavy engineering division's revenues come from ISRO.
Godrej wanted to explore opportunities with U.S. and European space programmes after its success in India, but Vaidya said government-to-government clearances posed a hurdle.
"We don't want to be only dependent on ISRO," he said.
Now Godrej plans to shift focus from space technology to the aviation export industry, catering to the likes of Boeing Co (BA.N) and Airbus and trimming ISRO's contribution to their aerospace business to 40 percent from 70 percent currently.
HANDFUL OF LAUNCHES
India's space programme began in the early 1960s and the country has launched 30 Indian and 40 foreign satellites.
The programme developed mainly after Western powers imposed sanctions following India's first nuclear weapons test in 1974.
Still, it remains a small player in a global space industry estimated to be worth more than $300 billion a year.
India performs only a handful of launches annually, compared with 20 or more carried out by the United States, Russia and China, according to the Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses (IDSA), a defence ministry think-tank.
ISRO has struggled to develop heavier launchers to put larger payloads into space, which could attract more business from foreign nations and help it compete.
Progress slowed in the 1990s when, under U.S. pressure, Russia refused to transfer cryogenic engine technology to India that could have helped develop a heavier capacity Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle (GSLV).
After spending over a decade developing the complex engine, India successfully launched its first GSLV powered with an indigenous cryogenic engine earlier this year.
"They have to make that (GSLV) reliable ... we need three or four launches to claim it is efficient," said Mayank Vahia, a scientist at the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research.
Vahia recommended that ISRO allowed private companies more freedom to develop space technologies, saying the organisation was excessively conservative.
"ISRO needs to put more faith in the industry to deliver the kind of technology they want," he said.
ISRO said last year it planned to bring in the private sector to produce Polar Satellite Launch Vehicles (PSLVs) within five years, allowing it to focus on research.
Ajay Lele of the IDSA said the privatisation of programmes with a proven track record, such as the PSLV, should have started sooner.
Space startups also complained about the lack of state support.
Susmita Mohanty, head of Earth2Orbit (E2O), said India lacked the kind of support given in the United States, such as NASA's Small Business Innovation Research programme which offers funds for research and development of technologies that fulfil its needs.
"With the new pro-business government in Delhi, we are hopeful that we can put the spotlight on 'space commerce', not just 'space diplomacy'," she told Reuters via email.
(Reuters)

Gold prices surge by Rs 590 on festive demandGold prices rise by Rs 590 to regain glitter on festive demand
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 17:05 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Gold regained its glitter to trade Rs 590 higher at Rs 27,550 per ten grams in the national capital on Friday on the back of increased demand from jewellers and retailers, driven by the ongoing festive and wedding season.
Gold has witnessed the biggest rise since June 20 this year when it had gained Rs 605 to Rs 28,625 per ten grams.
Bullion traders attributed the rise in precious metal prices to emergence of buying by jewellers and retailers driven by ongoing "Navratras", considered as an auspicious week for making new purchases according to Hindu mythology.
Besides, firming trend overseas as tensions in the Middle East boosted demand for protection of wealth coupled with weakening rupee that made import costlier, also buoyed sentiments , they said.
Silver, which had lost Rs 650 in the previous session, also recorded a  significant rise of Rs 550 to Rs 39,900 per kg on increased offtake by  industrial units and coin makers.
Globally, gold in Singapore, which normally determines price trend on the domestic front, rose by 0.6 per cent to US $1,228.51 an ounce and silver by 0.8 per cent to US $17.66 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity zoomed by Rs 590 each to Rs 27,550 and Rs 27,350 per ten gram respectively. Sovereign, however, held steady at Rs 24,200 per piece of eight gram. It had lost Rs 250 in Thurday's trade.
Silver ready also spurted by Rs 550 to Rs 39,900 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 685 to Rs 39,540 per kg.
Silver coins, however, continued to be enquired at the last level of Rs 69,000 per 100 pieces for buying and Rs 70,000 for selling.

Bourses to soon provide disclosure norms to companiesBourses to soon provide guidelines to companies for right disclosures to investors
Barun Jha     New York   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 20:52 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
As regulators and the government seek to provide greater safeguards for foreign and domestic investors, the stock exchanges will soon put in place a new framework to provide guidance to listed companies on making right disclosures, Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) CEO Ashish Kumar Chauhan said.
This will enable the companies understand beforehand what kinds of disclosures they are required to make for investors to take informed decisions and help remove ambiguities and avoid unnecessary trouble for companies at a later stage, Chauhan said.
"One thing I would like to assure the international investors is that the Indian regulatory framework today is at the forefront of modern thinking about investor protection and investor rights," Chauhan told PTI in an interview in New York.
The BSE CEO, who is in the Big Apple to participate in various business events planned in the backdrop of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's five-day visit to the United States, also said that the capital markets regulator Sebi (Securities and Exchange Board of India), the Ministry of Finance and the Corporate Affairs Ministry have strived in the last six months or so to ensure that investors' rights are protected in the country.
"Sebi has also instructed the exchanges to ensure that the information provided by the listed companies fulfils the regulatory compliance aspect. If exchanges feel that the information is not sufficient, they can ask additional questions from the companies.
We (exchanges) are now working on a new framework to give them a guidance on what is price sensitive information or material details that the listed companies are required to share with the investors through the exchange platform and what could be the additional information," Chauhan said.
He added that this would ensure that there was no ambiguity in the minds of the companies' management and their company secretaries regarding the information and details that they ought to provide.
"Exchanges have been empowered a lot in recent times in their role as front-line regulators," he said.
When asked about how they would assure investors about better regulations, while also ensuring that the companies do not feel overburdened by new regulations, Chauhan said, "There is always a very thin line between over-regulations and the right regulations. However, the new framework is such that if you are able to take care of minority shareholders' interest, more and more investors are going to come in.
"It's not only foreign investors, but Indian investors would also be more willing to come in if their rights are taken care of. There is a huge scope for expanding the domestic investment horizon in India itself," the BSE chief said.
(PTI)

Sensex  Nifty snap 3-day fall on S&P upgradeMarket update: BSE Sensex, Nifty snap three-day fall on S&P upgrade
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 17:17 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Friday snapped its three-day fall to recover by 157 points as bluechips like SBI, ICICI Bank, Hindalco, Tata Steel and Sun Pharma posted gains after global rating agency Standard & Poor's raised the country's credit rating outlook to stable from negative.
After touching a low of 26,220.49 points in early trade, the 30-share BSE barometer bounced back to close higher by 157.96 points (or 0.60 per cent), at 26,626.32. Intra-day, it touched a high of 26,721.03.
Brokers said, a recovery in the rupee and positive cues from European markets also buoyed trading sentiments.
The gauge had lost 738.38 points in the previous three sessions due to weak global cues and the Supreme Court's verdict cancelling 214 of 218 coal blocks allocated since 1993.
On similar lines, the broader 50-share National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty recovered by 57 points (or 0.72 per cent), to close at 7,968.85 after shuttling between 7,841.80 and 7,993.30.
Sentiments turned better with banking stocks leading a rebound after S&P upgraded India's credit rating outlook to 'stable' from 'negative'.
SBI rose by 2.71 per cent, Axis Bank by 3 per cent, ICICI Bank by 0.76 per cent and HDFC Bank by 2.35 per cent, helping key indices to rebound from one-month lows.
In the derivatives segment, buying in metal and healthcare counters on the first day of October month series also aided trading sentiment, brokers said.
Metal stocks, which were badly beaten in the past two sessions, staged a strong comeback on value buying.
Hindalco gained the most by surging 5.25 per cent, Tata Seel by 3.10 per cent and Sesa Sterlite by 0.49 per cent.
Jindal Steel and Power rebounded 5.20 per cent.
Other bluechip gainers included Sun Pharma, Cipla, Mahindra and Mahindra, Tata Motors, RIL, ONGC and Wipro.
Major losers were Dr Reddy, Bajaj Auto, Bharti Airtel, GAIL, Hero MotorCorp, Hind Unilever and ITC that slumped up to 2.69 per cent.
Among the 30 Sensex scrips, 19 ended higher, while 11 ended in the negative zone.
Sectorwise, the BSE Metal index gained the most by surging 2.49 per cent, followed by Realty (2.27 per cent) and PSU index (2.19 per cent).

S&P raises India outlook from negative to stableStandard & Poor's upgrades India outlook from negative to stable
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 19:18 IST
Photo: Reuters
In a boost to Prime Minister Narendra Modi ahead of his arrival in the United States, Standard & Poor's raised India's credit rating outlook to stable on the back of strong political mandate helping fiscal and economic reforms.
The ratings agency, after a gap of two years, has improved the country's sovereign credit rating outlook from negative to stable indicating the possibility of a rating upgrade.
"Our outlook revision indicates that we believe the current government's strong mandate will enable it to implement many of its administrative, fiscal, and economic reforms," S&P said in a statement.
The revision in outlook comes ahead of the prime minister's high profile visit to the US, which is aimed at procuring investments , among other things. Modi is scheduled to meet top corporate leaders of US.
The outlook revision gave a boost to the stock markets with the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex shooting up by 158 points to 26,626.32.
The present government, S&P said "will remedy, to varying degrees, the growth impediments - policy paralysis, energy supply bottlenecks, and administrative obstacles. The government's actions will likely add momentum to the incipient cyclical upswing evident in the economy".
Commenting on the action, Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram said the domestic economy can grow  by more than 5.5 per cent in the current fiscal year.
"We are satisfied that the credit rating agency has acknowledged the steps that government has taken to improve the economy and specially bring the investment climate back and therefore the growth cycle back," he added.
The American financial services company said it could raise the rating if the economy reverts to a gross domestic product ( GDP ) trend growth of 5.5 per cent and there are improvements in fiscal, external or inflation metrics.
The agency currently has a 'BBB-/A-3' rating on India.
State Bank of India Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya said S&P's action was a reflection of the country's sound external position, supported by robust capital inflows and a benign current account deficit (CAD).
In April 2012, S&P had lowered India's rating outlook to negative in view of inability of the previous UPA government to take up reform measures and declining investor confidence.
Pursuant to landslide victory of Modi-led Bharatiya Janata Party in May 2014, there has been an upsurge in investor confidence with stock markets rallying 19 per cent and increase in foreign investment. Growth also picked up to a nine-quarter high of 5.7 per cent in the April-June period.
S&P said the stable outlook for the next 24 months reflected the agency's view that the new government had both the willingness and capacity to implement reforms necessary to restore some of India's lost growth potential, consolidate its fiscal accounts, and permit the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to carry out an effective monetary policy.
However, the agency cautioned that it could lower the rating in case the government's structural reform agenda stalls such that economic growth does not accelerate, or fiscal and debt ratios fail to improve.
It also highlighted that key constraints to improved ratings were "low wealth level" and "weak public finances".
The new administration would adhere to its stated fiscal consolidation programme, S&P said, adding that planned revenues may not fully materialise and subsidy cuts may be delayed.
After taking over as Prime Minister in May, 64-year-old Modi has launched a host of initiatives, including 'Make in India' campaign to improve business environment and fetch more foreign investments (FDI).
S&P expects improved fiscal performance in the medium term primarily from revenue-side improvements brought about by the planned introduction of a national Goods and Services Tax (GST) and administrative efforts to expand the tax base.
Besides, S&P also raised rating outlook to stable from negative of six Indian corporates, including ONGC and Reliance Industries.

India will effectively tackle terrorism: Rajnath SinghPress Trust of India | Kollam | Posted: September 27, 2014 3:04 pm
Union Home Minister Rajanath Singh on Saturday expressed confidence about effectively tackling problems of terrorism and insurgency faced by the country.
“The country is facing problems of terrorism, insurgency and separatism but I am fully confident that we will be able to resolve these problems and save the nation,” he said while speaking at the 61th birthday celebrations of Mata Amritanandamay at Amrithapuri near here.
Blessings of spiritual leaders like Mata Amrithanandamayi were important in tackling the problems faced by the nation… India would become not only a super economic power but also a super spiritual power, Singh said.
Referring to the messages by ancient sages such as ‘Vasudhaiva Kudumbakam’ (the whole world is a family), he said such concepts would certainly help the country to emerge as a spiritual leader for the world.
Singh described Mata, known as Amma or hugging mother, as a source of great spiritual strength for the entire country and the world.

Asian Games 2014: Mary Kom fights her way to quarters in boxingIndian Boxer Mary Kom (in Blue) on her way to win the round of 16 bout against Kim Yeji of Korea in Incheon on Saturday.(Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Incheon | Posted: September 27, 2014 2:59 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 8:46 pm
Olympic bronze-medallist M C Mary Kom set her Asian Games campaign rolling in style as she out-punched Korea’s Kim Yeji to enter the quarterfinals along with two other Indian women boxers here today.
L Sarita Devi (60kg) and Pooja Rani (75kg) were the two others, who advanced to the last eight making it an all-win day for the Indian women pugilists.
First up was five-time world champion Mary Kom, who had won a bronze medal in the previous edition of the Games in 2010, and it was a near-perfect performance from the veteran against Yeji.
The Manipuri, a multiple-time Asian champion, was destructively precise with her punches, took her rival off guard with some sublime ring craft and displayed awe-inspiring stamina during the bout.
The 31-year-old mother of two, drained out Yeji with power-packed jabs which left the Korean quite dazed. By the third round, Yeji could barely manage to drag herself in the ring even as Mary Kom impressed by being a bundle of energy all through.
The Indian, who had taken a 3-0 lead, took things a bit easy in the final two minutes even as an exhausted Yeji found it tough to raise her game and resorted to holding in order to avoid being hit. Mary Kom will meet China’s Si Haijuan tomorrow.
Next in the ring was Sarita and she also drew from her huge reservoir of experience to outwit a sprightly opponent in home favourite Chungson Ri.
The 32-year-old former world champion matched her rival’s energy blow for blow in the opening two minutes before slowing down the pace by intelligently dodging and frustrating Ri.
The veteran eventually clinched the issue 3-0 to set up a clash against Mongolian Oyungerel Suvd Erdene tomorrow.
Pooja, a 2012 Asian Championships silver-medallist, was up against Erdenesoyol Undram of Mongolia in her pre-quarters bout and she also had it quite easy.
The well-built Haryana pugilist came up with a dominating performance to seal the match with a unanimous 3-0 win. She will face Shen Dara Flora tomorrow.
Later in the evening, India’s Mandeep Jangra advanced to the quarterfinals after posting a 2-1 win over Chinese pugilist Wei Liu in men’s welter (69kg) round of 16 bout.
The Haryana boxer won on points 29-28 30-27 28-29 at the Seonhak Gymnasium.
Gaurav Bidhuri too progressed further after defeating Prem Chaudhary of Nepal 3-0 in men’s fly weight (52kg) round of 16 bout. The boxer from Delhi won on points by identical margin 30-27 30-27 30-27.
The veteran eventually clinched the issue 3-0 to set up a clash against Mongolian Oyungerel Suvd Erdene on Sunday

Profile: Jayalalithaa  the ‘Amma’ of Indian politicsJayalalithaa fondly christened Komalavalli by her mother
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai | Posted: September 27, 2014 2:51 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 1:46 am
A woman who is always mired in controversies and held in awe and fear. One who holds everyone in distrust and refuses to let even her ministers guess her stand. That is the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, Jayalalithaa Jayaram, 66. If one were to query about her character to associates, anecdotes and quotes pour in to make for an interesting profile.
She was a woman who witnessed a number of ups and downs; had been always all alone, often by choice. In one of her interviews in the late 1970s to a Tamil publication, she had described her disenchantment with dear ones — father was “gentleman of leisure” who failed to handle things, and mother changed her life by making her an actor at the age of 16 instead of letting her study.
Born in an Iyengar family six months after the Independence she was fondly christened Komalavalli. Ambitious and young in the ’70s, she wanted to study further, but a role in a movie, Vennira Aadai, altered the course of her life.
Thus, began the life of Jayalalithaa, an actor and politician. She once said: “…in life there is one person you must rely on — yourself.”
She acted in several movies with former chief minister and Tamil superstar M G Ramachandaran. After over a decade-long cinema career, she began her political innings in the early 1980s.
The next 10 years witnessed the crucial events in Jaya’s life — especially after she became a Rajya Sabha MP in 1983. “MGR was known to keep a tab on her movements,” recalled a senior Tamil journalist. However, Jayalalithaa continued her political moves within and it was during this period that the state witnessed the emergence of Jayalalithaa Peravai, a silent movement within the AIADMK by her loyalists.
In 1987, she was thrown out of MGR’s funeral procession by a close relative of Janaki, wife of MGR. Many recall an incident in the Assembly in 1989 when Jayalalithaa, then opposition leader, was manhandled by DMK MLAs. Both incidents have left a permanent imprint on her life.
Jayalalithaa’s first tenure as CM was between 1991 and 96. It was the period that kickstarted some of the best public health programmes in Tamil Nadu, but the abuse of power, corruption and multiple-power centres operated by her aide Sasikala turned out to be a curse to her image. After her defeat in 1996 she was at the mercy of courts.
In the infamous TANSI case, she was convicted after two companies (Jaya Publications and Sasi Enterprises) had illegally purchased properties belonging to the Tamil Nadu Small Industries Corporation. In December 2001, she was acquitted.
In December 1996, Chennai was abuzz with stories of Jayalalithaa’s journey from palatial Poes Garden to Madras Central Jail. Charges that led to the detention was a multi-crore colour TV scam in which she allegedly received kickbacks of Rs 8.53 crore.
That was the period when her properties were raided which led to seizure around 10,500 saris, 750 pairs of footwear and a 1.5 kg diamond-studded gold waist belt among others.
After a turbulent period as the opposition leader until 2001, Jayalalithaa, despite facing several suits, was adamant to be sworn in as the CM in May 2001 after Assembly elections. Within four months, she had to step down after adverse observations by the Supreme Court, but she returned as CM within five months time as the Madras HC acquitted her. Her troubles, however, were far from over and in November 2003, the apex court ordered to shift the assets case to a Special Court in Bangalore from Chennai .
DMK: No law and order in TN
The DMK has alleged that there was a “complete breakdown in constitutional machinery” in Tamil Nadu after the conviction of CM J Jayalalithaa. In a letter, DMK chief M Karunanidhi sought the intervention of the President and the PM.
Jaya’s journey
1996: Subramanian Swamy files disproportionate assets case against Jayalalithaa.
December 7, 1996: Jayalalithaa arrested.
June 4, 1997: She and three others chargesheeted.
October 1, 1997: Madras HC dismisses Jayalalithaa’s plea against Governor’s sanction to prosecute her.
2001: Several prosecution witnesses resile after AIADMK returned to power.
November 18, 2003: The Supreme Court transfers the case to Bangalore.
October/November 2011: Jayalalithaa deposes in the Special Court and answers 1,339 questions.
December 12, 2013: Special Court directs to deposit valuables and other assets seized from Jayalalithaa with an RBI treasury.
August 28, 2014: Special Court reserves judgement.
September 27, 2014:  Jayalalithaa convicted.

AIADMK workers try to break barricades on Karna-TN borderPress Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: September 27, 2014 2:21 pm
Police today cane-charged AIADMK activists who were trying to proceed towards the special court here which is set to pronounce verdict in the disproportionate wealth case against Chief Minister Jayalalithaa today.
As the AIADMK sympathisers attempted to break the security cordon at Hosar Road Junction near the Tamil Nadu-Karnataka border, police pushed them back with ‘mild’
cane-charge.
The activists holding AIADMK flags shouted slogans hailing Jayalalithaa, police said.
Police have been closely checking vehicles with Tamil Nadu registration at the check post at Attibeli on the border.
AIADMK supporters had gathered at the border but were stopped by the police.
Bus services between Hosur and Bangalore have been suspended for a couple of hours as a precautionary measure.

Security beefed up at DMK office  leaders’ residencesPress Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: September 27, 2014 2:18 pm
Security has been increased at the DMK headquarters and residences of its senior leaders here as a Special Court in Bangalore is set to deliver verdict in the 18-year-old wealth case against Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa today.
On a request from DMK, security had been increased at “Anna Arivalayam”, the headquarters of DMK, two residences of former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister and DMK President M Karunanidhi and the residence of K Anbazhagan, party’s General Secretary, police said.
It was on Anbazhagan’s petition that the case had been transferred to Bangalore by the Supreme Court.

Samsung Alpha comes to India at Rs 39 990  the premium is for styleThe phone comes with a heart rate monitor and syncs with Gear range of devices.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: September 27, 2014 1:38 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 12:16 pm
With the festival season just kicking off in the country, Samsung on Saturday launched its new Alpha smartphone in India. The phone Will be priced Rs 39,990 and will be available in the first week of October.
The stylish phone is different from the trademark Galaxy design of the Korean tech giant and will try and woo those looking for a top end phone.
Powered by an octa-core processor (1.8GHz +1.3GHz) with 2GB RAM the Android Kitkat, Alpha will have a 4.7-inch HD super AMOLED screen.  It has a 12 MP rear camera and 2.1 MP front camera. The phone has a 1860 mAh battery and 32GB internal storage. The phone will also come with the fingerprint scanner.
Samsung claims the new display saves about 10 per cent of battery while the octave core professorship helps save on power consumption. Like in other top end Kitkat phones, the Alpha too comes with Ultra Power Saving.
The phone comes with a heart rate monitor and syncs with Gear range of devices. It also has 4G LTE capability and Airtel Will give 5GB of LTE data and 2GB or 3G/2G free for two months.

The tongue in cheek review of Chaarfutiya ChhokareChaarfutiya Chhokare review.
Express LOL | New Delhi | Posted: September 27, 2014 1:36 pm
Chaarfutiya Chhokare treats a sensitive subject with all the subtlety of a sledgehammer. Unrealistic plotlines, cliched plotlines, boring plotlines – this film has it all. In the end, the serious message of child trafficking is caught up in the serious urge to find a theatre exit.
Our reviewer went, reluctantly, to the red carpet premiere, and found a Red Planet visitor: Mangalyaan.
Next, he decided to tackle the topic of the film by talking to Chhota Bheem.
Finally, he talked to the master of the social message in Bollywood, Aamir Khan himself.

AIADMK workers try to break barricades on Karna-TN borderPress Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: September 27, 2014 2:21 pm
Police today cane-charged AIADMK activists who were trying to proceed towards the special court here which is set to pronounce verdict in the disproportionate wealth case against Chief Minister Jayalalithaa today.
As the AIADMK sympathisers attempted to break the security cordon at Hosar Road Junction near the Tamil Nadu-Karnataka border, police pushed them back with ‘mild’
cane-charge.
The activists holding AIADMK flags shouted slogans hailing Jayalalithaa, police said.
Police have been closely checking vehicles with Tamil Nadu registration at the check post at Attibeli on the border.
AIADMK supporters had gathered at the border but were stopped by the police.
Bus services between Hosur and Bangalore have been suspended for a couple of hours as a precautionary measure.

Security beefed up at DMK office  leaders  residencesPress Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: September 27, 2014 2:18 pm
Security has been increased at the DMK headquarters and residences of its senior leaders here as a Special Court in Bangalore is set to deliver verdict in the 18-year-old wealth case against Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa today.
On a request from DMK, security had been increased at “Anna Arivalayam”, the headquarters of DMK, two residences of former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister and DMK President M Karunanidhi and the residence of K Anbazhagan, party’s General Secretary, police said.
It was on Anbazhagan’s petition that the case had been transferred to Bangalore by the Supreme Court.

J Jayalalithaa found guilty in disproportionate assets caseYou are here: Home > Collections
Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa found guilty in disproportionate assets case
ET Bureau Sep 28, 2014, 01.22AM IST
Tags:
DMK Leader
(Special Judge John Michael D'Cunha convicted…)
BANGALORE: It was initially seen as a political master-stroke, when J Jayalalithaa announced that she was going to take a salary of just Rs 1 when she became the chief minister (CM) for her first term in 1991. That came back to bite her later. DMK's M Karunanidhi, the man who succeeded her as CM in 1996, only had to do a simple calculation. A monthly salary of Rs 1 would only amount to Rs 60 in five years, so where did Jayalalithaa's assets to the tune of Rs 66 crore come from?
Also, Karunanidhi questioned how Jayalalithaa got the money to host an extravagant wedding in 1995 for her then foster son Sudhakaran, the nephew of her confidante Sasikala . The case was originally filed by the Department of Vigilance and Anti Corruption. The Income-Tax Department joined in around the same time, raiding her residences in Poes Garden, Chennai and Hyderabad. The final figure worked out to over Rs 66 crore. Documents showing properties worth Rs 58 crore, 30 kg of gold, including 400 pairs of bangles, 500 kg of silver, 10,000
sarees, 750 pairs of footwear and over 100 wrist watches were seized by the authorities.
Jayalalithaa's defence has been that the assets were gifts given to her by film directors during her stardom.
In 2003, the case was transferred to a Bangalore special court when Jayalalithaa came back to power for her second term in 2001, over fears expressed by the DMK that she would try to tamper with witnesses. The DMK's general secretary K Anbazhagan impleaded himself as a petitioner in the case and became the driving force behind the case. Seven judges, three public prosecutors and 25 petitions in the Supreme Court and over 130 adjournments later, the DA case verdict was finally pronounced on Saturday in a makeshift court in Bangalore. — Our Bureau/ Bangalore
FEATURED ARTICLES

Japan volcano leaves 7 unconscious  250 stra...Erupting Japan volcano leaves seven unconscious, 250 stranded
By Reuters | 27 Sep, 2014, 01.02PM IST
0
Share More
"Seven people were lightly injured and one person suffered serious injuries as a result of the eruption," Makoto Hasegawa of the Nagano prefecture 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
A Japanese volcano erupted on Saturday, spewing ash and small rocks into the air and leaving seven people unconscious, eight seriously injured and more than 250 stranded on the mountain, officials and media said.
A thick, rolling, grey cloud of ash rose into the sky above Mount Ontake close to where TV footage showed hikers taking pictures. Trekkers and residents were warned of falling rock and ash within a radius of four km (two and a half miles).
"It was like thunder," a woman told broadcaster NHK of the first eruption at the volcano in seven years. "I heard boom, boom, then everything went dark."
The Meteorological Agency said the volcano, which straddles Nagano and Gifu prefectures 200 km (125 miles) west of Tokyo, erupted just before midday and sent ash pouring down the mountain's south slope for more than three km (two miles).
There was no sign of lava from the TV footage.
The eruption forced aircraft to divert their routes, but officials at Tokyo's Haneda airport and Japan Airlines said there were no disruptions to flights in and out of Tokyo.
NHK quoted a Nagano prefectural official as telling a government meeting that seven people were unconscious and eight people were seriously wounded.
Police said more than 250 hikers were stranded on the mountain, which is 3,067 metres high and last erupted in 2007.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who returned from the United States on Saturday, said he had issued instructions to mobilise the military to help in the rescue effort.
"Nearly 200 people are in the process of descending the mountain, but we are still trying to figure out details. I instructed to do all we can to rescue the people affected and secure the safety of the trekkers," Abe told reporters.
Nagano police sent a team of 80 to the mountain to assist the climbers who were making their way down, while Kiso Prefectural Hospital, near the mountain, said it had dispatched a medical emergency team.
"We expect a lot of injured people so we are now getting ready for their arrival," said an official at the hospital.
More than five hours after the initial eruption, the thick ash cloud showed no signs of abating, NHK TV showed.
"It's all white outside, looks like it has snowed. There is very bad visibility and we can't see the top of the mountain," Mari Tezuka, who works at a mountain hut for trekkers, told Reuters.
"All we can do now is shut up the hut and then we are planning on coming down... This is a busy season because of the changing autumn leaves. It's one of our busiest seasons."

JAYALALITHAA CONVICTED  SENTENCING SHORTLYUpdated: September 29, 2014 14:36 IST
Jayalalithaa conviction: As it happened
Tweet
The Hindu The remains of a bus which was set on fire following violence which erupted in the wake of the verdict against Jayalalithaa, at Kammalapalayam in Kancheepuram district on Saturday. Photo: D. Gopalakrishnan
The Hindu Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa on her way to the Parappana Agrahara court complex in Bangalore on Saturday. A special court has convicted her in a disproportionate wealth case.
PTI A file photo of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa with her close aide Sasikala in Chennai on February 2008.
TOPICS
 Jayalalithaa wealth case
Minute-by-minute coverage of the historic verdict against Jayalalithaa in the disproportinate assets case.
September 29: Jayalalithaa's appeal against Special Court's conviction order was filed in the Karnataka High Court around 11 a.m. Her advocates filed the appeal, with a plea seeking suspension of sentence, in the High Court's registry section. Jayalalithaa’s aide Sasikala, her relatives V.N Sudhakaran and Ilavarasi also approached the High Court, seeking bail. Senior Supreme Court advocate Ram Jethmalani will represent Jayalalithaa with the defence team. O. Panneerselvam takes oath as Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu.
September 28 (Sunday): Stray incidents of violence reported across Tamil Nadu
19:11: In Ooty a group of supporters burnt an effigy of DMK leader M.Karunanidhi opposite the municipal market,pulled down banners and hoardings of the DMK and staged road blockade agitations in busy areas like Charing Cross,Garden Road and the Coffee House junction.
In Coonoor, Gudalur, Kotagiri, Pandhalur and Manjoor also normal life was hit with most of the commercial establishments remaining closed.
18:37: Since buses have been suspended in many districts, share-autorickshaws are charging as much as Rs. 100 for a short distance of 5 km
Thanks to heavy police presence, no major problems have been reported in southern districts.
There is huge rush for trains in southern districts. Commuters heading to Chennai are lining up in Tirunelveli and Kanyakumari junctions.
Candidates appearing for TNPSC exams tomorrow in Chennai are anxious to know if the exams will be go on as scheduled.
Shops and establishments have not opened as a precautionary measure in many towns in this region. The Theni district administration has ordered closure of TASMAC outlets.
18:00 On Jayalalithaa's political future: She is disqualified from contest for the period of imprisonment (four years) and six years thereafter. A total of 10years. At the same time, she has the right of appeal. At the time of appeal, the sentence is usually suspended, but in rare, very rare cases, the court may grant stay of conviction. In such a situation, it may be argued that by getting a stay on conviction she has re-acquired the qualification to contest. In the event of there being no such stay, but only an order suspending the sentence and granting bail, she may be unable to contest until the High Court gives its final verdict on her appeal. If and when she re-acquires eligibility to contest, she has to come into the Assembly only through a by-election.
17:56: Shops remained closed at Ariyalur and towns such as Thirumanur, Jayamkondam, Andimandam and T.Pazhur in Ariylaur district. There was stone-pelting between the AIADMK and DMK cadres at Senthurai in which two persons were injured. Bus services remained suspended in most parts of the two districts.
.,17:55: Cadres of the AIADMK and the DMK pelted stones against each other after the former attacked the office of the former Union Minister A.Raja in Perambalur. The DMK cadres retaliated after some AIADMK supporters pelted stones at the office. AIADMK cadre also pulled down a 50-foot flag post of the DMK and damaged its base near Perambalur New Bus Stand. The party cadre also resorted to a road blockade near the bus stand for about 30 minutes and burnt effigies of DMK president M.Karunanidhi and BJP leader Subramanian Swamy. Shops remained closed in Perambalur and Veppanthattai.
17:01: Jayalalithaa has been sentenced to four years in jail and fined Rs. 100 crore; each of the other accused have been sentenced to four years in jail and fined Rs. 10 crore. Read full report
16:53: Verdict in Jayalalithaa case comes as a rude shock to the ruling AIADMK, casting a doubt over the 66-year-old leader’s political future ahead of the 2016 Assembly polls. Read more
Jayalalithaa has earned the dubious distinction of becoming the first Chief Minister in the country to be found guilty under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
16:42: Situation near Bangalore Court: A bus full of AIADMK party workers taken out of Parappana Aagrahara by the police.
Prohibitory orders in Parappana Agrahara extended from 1 km radius of the court to 5 km now.
People huddled in groups are being chased away
The HinduThe remains of a bus which was set on fire following violence which erupted in the wake of the verdict against Jayalalithaa, at Kammalapalayam in Kancheepuram district on Saturday. Photo: D. Gopalakrishnan
(The remains of a bus which was set on fire following violence which erupted in the wake of the verdict against Jayalalithaa, at Kammalapalayam in Kancheepuram district on Saturday. Photo: D. Gopalakrishnan)
16:04 Report from Bangalore: The crowd waiting near the Special Court on Hosur road is dispersing and the movement of traffic on the busy national highway is also smooth.
Meanwhile, the police have beefed up security around the court, awaiting the quantum of sentence.
T. Selvan, who came from Coimbatore this morning by train said he was disappointed. He said he is leaving to railway station to catch the train back home.
Many others are waiting to know the sentence that will be known shortly.
15.41: DMK supporters, wielding sticks and iron bars, guard Karunanidhi’s home
15.28: All roads leading to Mr. Karunanidhi's Gopalapuram residence have been cordoned off. A group of AIADMK cadre are still arguing with the policemen on security duty accusing them of conniving with the DMK leader.
15.25: In Coimbatore, AIADMK supporters march from the party office "Idhaya Deivam Maaligai" on Huzur across to Avanashi Road hardly 500m away raising slogans against the DMK and Karunanidhi. The procession ended in violence and even as the cadre started attacking the vehicles, the police intervened and diverted traffic. However, the cadre continued to resort to a road blockade.
Police diverted traffic off Avanashi Road and the entire otherwise busy stretch wore a deserted look. By 2.30 p.m., there were reports of the AIADMK cadre forcing shop keepers to down shutters across the city and rural areas.
The city and peripheral areas wore a deserted look with closed shops and empty streets by 3 p.m., even before the court was about to pronounce the quantum of sentence.
Effigies of Mr. Karunanidhi and DMK General Secretary K. Anbazhagan was reported on Avanashi Road, Pollachi and Karumbukkadai. A self-immolation bid was also reported from Palladam in the neighbouring Tirupur district. Bus services started thinning down as a matter of precaution.
As a matter of precaution, the DMK party office on Cross Cut Road in Coimbatore was closed by 3.15 p.m. and the AIADMK party office saw cadre with emotions running high resulting in slogan shouting.
15.13: Jayalalithaa convicted, what next? Can she appeal? Or is this it? Who becomes next CM now? Read here
15.11: AIADMK supporters try to storm into DMK president M. Karunanidhi's Gopalapuram residence in Chennai. Pelt stones, a fight breaks out between the two party men. A DMK supporter sustains bleeding injuries. Full report
15.08: Chennai Connect @ChennaiConnect tweets: Effigy burning at Lloyds Rd where AIADMK office is situated.
Effigy burning at Lloyds Rd where AIADMK office is situated. pic.twitter.com/abnbVEkKZO
— Chennai Connect (@ChennaiConnect) September 27, 2014
15.04: Shops and commercial establishments have started closing down across central districts following the conviction of Jayalalaithaa. Shops have been closed in Thanjavur, Nagapattinam, Karur, Pudukottai and Perambalur.
15.03: At Puducherry, the Puducherry Road Transport Corporation has suspended its premier Volvo bus services to Chennai fearing violence in the wake of the Bangalore special court verdict holding Jayalalithaa guilty. The PRTC is adopting a wait and watch approach and will take a call on running long-haul Volvo buses scheduled later in the day and other regular services to destinations in Tamil Nadu according to the situation, an official said.
14.59: In Madurai.. the scene is a bit tense as reports of AIADMK cadres pelting stones in a few places are coming in. police have stepped up security near Subramanian Swamy's house in Madurai. TNSTC buses suspended to many southern districts from Madurai, but police say it's a precautionary step. Many shops around Meenakshi temple down shutters.
14:55: Minutes after AIADMK partymen burnt the effigy of DMK leader M. Karunanidhi on Saturday afternoon, the Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation halted its services from the main bus stand in Erode.
TNSTC sources said the buses have been halted following information that damage would be caused to the vehicles by agitating AIADMK partymen. "We have asked for protection from the police department to operate the buses in batches," a senior official said.
While the early morning bus to Mysore had completed the trip and returned, a few buses that departed in the late morning hours were stopped at the Tamil Nadu border at Kolinjur.
However, the Karnataka State Transport Corporation Bus had not operated its bus service to Erode since morning. In view of the tense situation, other vehicles bound for Tamil Nadu from Karnkataka have been stopped at Chamaraj Nagar district bordering Tamil Nadu, Superintendent of Police M.R. Sibi Chakravarthy said.
After burning the effigy, the AIADMK partymen squatted on the road and blocked the traffic for a while. Soon after, a posse of police personnel rushed to the main bus stand and defused the situation.
Madurai: There are reports that AIADMK cadres are indulging in pelting stones on buses across Madurai region comprising nine districts in south Tamil Nadu.
Shops and establishments have downed shutters. TASMAC outlets have closed. Buses on the long run have been suspended apprehending problems by miscreants.
14.50: Tense situation prevails at Jayalalithaa’s constituency Srirangam. A group of partymen go around the temple town asking shops to close down. Many shopkeepers down shutters voluntarily. Full report
The police were in small strength and were mutely watching the situation.
14:47: In Coimbatore, the AIADMK cadre marched from the party office "Idhaya Deivam Maaligai" situated on Huzur road towards Avanashi road, raising slogans against the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) and its leader M. Karunanidhi. The procession resulted in violence with the cadre attacking the vehicles. The police intervened and diverted the traffic. The cadres continued to resort to a road blockade.
By 2.30 p.m., there were reports of the AIADMK cadre forcing shop keepers to down shutters across the city and rural areas. The city and peripheral areas wore a deserted look with closed shops and empty streets by 3 p.m. Office goers began rushing home by 2.30 p.m. itself. Normal life was thrown out of gear.
There are reports from Avanashi Road, Pollachi and Karumbukkadai stating that the effigies of DMK leader M. Karunanidhi and General Secretary K. Anbazhagan were set on fire.
Incidents of self-immolation bids were reported from Coimbatore, Palladam and Tirupur.
Bus services have started thinning down. Bus stand at Gandhipuram witnessed hundreds of passengers waiting for hours together.
As a precautionary measure, the DMK party office on Cross Cut Road in Coimbatore was closed by 3.15 p.m. and the AIADMK party office saw cadre indulging slogan shouting.
In one attempt at Anna Statue on Avanashi Road, an AIADMK cadre who was setting ablaze an effigy suffered burn injuries and was rushed to the hospital.
14.40 : While the prosecution pressed for conviction, the accused sought a liberal approach due to their age. Section 13(2) and 13(1) (e) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988, under which she has been convicted attracts a minimum punishment of one year and a maximum sentence up to seven years.
14.35 : Jayalalithaa's aides, Sasikala, V.N. Sudhakaran and J. Ilavarasi have also been convicted under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 in the disproporrtionate assets case registered almost 18 years ago.
Judge John Michael Cunha pronounced the verdict at Gandhi Bhavan, in front of Bangalore Cenral Prison at Parappana Agrahara, where the court has been temporarily shifted for pronouncing the verdict in view of the Z+ security provided to Jayalalithaa.
14.15 : Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa convicted of all charges, SPP G. Bhavani Singh told The Hindu. Arguments on quantum of sentence will begin at 3 p.m., Mr. Singh said adding the prosecution will press for maximum sentence for the four accused including Jayalalithaa. Consequently, according to the Peoples Representation Act, Jayalalithaa would be disqualified as an MLA and will lose her Chief Minister position instantlly. As a pointer, the National Flag on her car was removed. Read here
13:10 : Even though the verdict is yet to come, the mood in the DMK camp is upbeat and hundreds of partymen have assembled outside M. Karunanidhi's Gopalapuram residence. They are celebrating.
12:39 : Police cane-charge AIADMK supporters who were trying to proceed towards the special court in Bangalore, PTI reports. As the AIADMK sympathisers attempted to break the security cordon at Hosur Road Junction near the Tamil Nadu-Karnataka border, police pushed them back with ‘mild’ cane-charge.
12: 03 p.m: Premature celebrations at AIADMK HQ as supporters burst fireworks. There isn't any security in place.
11: 50 a.m: Lawyers emerging from the court say the verdict has been postponed to 1 p.m.
Chennai Mayor Saidai Duraisami and Power Minister Natham Vishwanathan pacing around outside the court complex.
11: 39 a.m: Police resort to mild lathicharge against surging AIADMK supporters.
11: 28 a.m: A refresher about the case and a timeline of events as we wait for the judgment. Read here
We have a series of questions coming in from our readers, our experts are answering them here :
Q : Do you think DMK will gain political mileage if the verdict goes against Jaya.
Yes. The DMK will gain political mileage, more so in the 2016 Assembly elections
Q: Can Jayalalithaa put a case on DMK if she wins today?
A: For malicious prosecution? No, because it is the State which is prosecuting her. In her private capacity, she is free to file any case against anybody, but not through the government.
Q from @bhushan_tweets: What does exactly the sec 8(4) of Representation of the People Act say? How is it helping the politicians?
A: The section is no more valid. It has been declared unconstitutional by the Supreme Court. It was earlier used to protect sitting MLAs and MPs. It said when an MLA or MP is convicted while in office, the disqualification normally applicable to others will be deferred for three months. If an appeal is filed in the meantime, the disqualification is automatically stayed. This helped them continue in office without obtaining a favourable order on appeal.
Q: Who becomes next CM if Ms. Jayalaithaa gets convicted?
A: It's anybody's guess. There are many names doing the rounds. Finance Minister O.Panneerselvam, who on a similar occasion earlier became Chief Minister, and Visalakshi Nedunchezhian top the list.
Q: If convicted, can she appeal? Or is this it?
A: She has the right to appeal. This is only a Special Court.
As we wait for the judgement do head over to our live chat with our in-house experts to clarify all your questions on the case.
10: 50 a.m: A large number of AIADMK supporters arrive in Bangalore.
10: 40 a.m: Five Ministers whose vehicles were stuck in a traffic jam are walking towards the venue : O. Paneerselvam, Power Minister Nattam Vishwanatham, Housing board Minister Vaidyalingam, Highways Minister Yedapadi Palaniswamy, Rural Development Minister Pa. Mohan
10: 38 a.m: Chief Minister Jayalalithaa arrives at the Bangalore Court complex clad in a green saree, considered lucky for her. With her were close aide Sasikala, VN Sudhakaran and J Ilavarasi.
10: 36 a.m: Traffic movement has been stopped on Hosur Road.
10: 30 a.m: Jayalalithaa to arrive in a few minutes to Parapana Agrahara. Anxiety high among followers as the police make arrangements with alternative route.
#AIADMK cadre at the party headquarters in Chennai gather, raising slogans praising their leader. pic.twitter.com/S2ZnN1GS3Q
— Chennai Connect (@ChennaiConnect) September 27, 2014
10: 25 a.m: Chief Minister Jayalalithaa on her way to the Special Court in Gandhi Bhavan at Parapana Agrahara, police sources say.
10: 07 a.m: Most AIADMK big-wigs take position 20 metres away from court with VVIP passes. Rajya Sabha MP Navaneethakrishnan waves to the media.
If convicted, Jayalalithaa will face immediate disqualification as Member of the Legislative Assembly and will have to relinquish office.
If acquitted, it will free her of all charges, further reinforcing her claim that the case was based on rival DMK's political vendetta.
9:59 a.m: Meanwhile, the AIADMK headquarters in Chennai wears a deserted look.
9:50 a.m: Judge John Michael Cunha arrives at Parapana Agrahara with full security.
Man of the moment: Judge John Michael Cunha: Read
9:40 a.m: All cameras are set for the big verdict. Chief Minister Jayalalithaa is expected here after 10:30 a.m.
9.33 am: Several leaders and supporters of AIADMK gathered on Hosur Road to welcome Jayalalithaa leading to huge traffic jam on roads leading to Special Court venue.
9:24 a.m: All shops near the Bangalore Court have been shut today.
9.24 a.m.: The AIADMK's Karnataka State Unit president Pugazhandi has put out a series of banners and posters from Outer Ring Road junction leading to the venue of Special Court near Central Prison at Parappana Agrahara. All shops forced shut near court
9.15 a.m.: AIADMK workers bring traffic to a standstill on Hosur Road en route court complex
All eyes at the Parappana Agrahara prison complex, where the judgment is set to be pronounced: Read
9:10 a.m: Jayalalithaa has reached Chennai airport and is to fly to Bangalore shortly
Helipad being readied in Bangalore ahead of Ms. Jayalalithaa's landing.
9.07 a.m.: TN Minister B.V. Ramana left for the court complex
8.45 a.m: AIADMK workers flood Bangalore with posters of Amma. A taste of Chennai in Bangalore?
8: 30 a.m: Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa left her Poes Garden residence in Chennai. Expected to reach airport at 9 am and take special aircraft to Bangalore. Read here
Silver articles and gold ornaments found at Ms. Jayalalithaa's residence in 1997. The Hindu Archives
All you need to know about the case today: Timeline of events and more. Read here
An epic trial that witnessed a see-saw battle for 18 years reaches its climax today. The case against her is that she acquired wealth worth Rs. 66.65 crore during her stint as Chief Minister between 1991 and 1996, and that she was abetted in this by her aide Ms. Sasikala and two of her relatives, V.N. Sudhakaran (Ms. Jayalalithaa’s former foster son) and J. Ilavarasi. The defence has argued that there was no evidence to show that three of them were ‘benamis’ of Ms. Jayalalithaa and that all four have accounted for their assets through legitimate means.
Follow this space for live updates.

Another howler in DD  Manmohan s visuals on coverage of Modi s US visitAnother howler in DD, Manmohan's visuals on coverage of Modi's US visit
PTI  New Delhi, September 27, 2014
First Published: 10:06 IST(27/9/2014) | Last Updated: 10:44 IST(27/9/2014)
Comments
Adding to recent howlers, a visual of former prime minister Manmohan Singh was run on Doordarshan instead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi before a news segment relating to his current visit to the United States.
Sources told PTI that the "inadvertent error" happened in one of the late evening bulletins on Friday when Doordarshan News carried Singh's visual instead Modi before introducing news-stories related to the Prime Minister's US visit.
Sources said the same visual was aired in some of other time slots as well.
When contacted, senior Doordarshan officials said the matter is being looked into.
A senior official said Doordarshan News had put into place a monitoring mechanism which immediately identifies if any error has occurred.
Recently, a newsreader on Doordarshan had mistaken 'Xi' in visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping's name for Roman numeral 'eleven' and pronounced it thus.
In another incident, DD News officials had set up an internal committee after one of its correspondents while reporting on Kashmir floods reportedly used the words 'Islamabad' for 'Anantnag' and 'Sulaiman' hill for Shankaracharya hill.

Weekly wrap: S&P upgrade halts fall in market; Modi s US visit eyedSep 27, 2014, 01.50 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Weekly wrap: S&P upgrade halts fall in market; Modi's US visit eyed
All sectoral indices except FMCG closed in red. Bank Nifty fell 3.4 percent and CNX PSU Bank index tanked 7 percent due to huge exposure to mining and related sectors.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Weekly wrap: S&P upgrade halts fall in market; Modi's US visit eyed
All sectoral indices except FMCG closed in red. Bank Nifty fell 3.4 percent and CNX PSU Bank index tanked 7 percent due to huge exposure to mining and related sectors.
Post your opinion here
18:52
Moneycontrol Bureau
Global rating agency S&P's outlook upgrade came as a sigh of relief for the Indian equity benchmarks. It helped indices trim losses for the week triggered by geopolitical tensions, Supreme Court’s coal verdict, deferment of gas pricing and FIIs selling.
The 30-share BSE Sensex fell 464.1 points or 1.7 percent to close at 26626.32 and the 50-share NSE Nifty lost 152.6 points or 1.9 percent to 7968.85 while the broader markets hit badly. The CNX Midcap and BSE Smallcap indices were down 3.7 percent and 6 percent, respectively.
Though the market corrected, Helios Capital founder and fund manager Samir Arora said the market was not expensive, but investors had to be choosy about what they were buying.
"The event type returns related to the election and the success of Mr Modi in the elections are over; it is now a more regular market - regular market means that there is a cyclical upturn happening, inflation is declining, current account deficit is in control and next year, there may be interest rate cuts," he added.
The recovery on last day of the week may also be an indication that the market will closely watch Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s US visit that will start in early morning on Saturday. But experts believe this could be a non event for the market as according to them, domestic growth led by implementation of reforms and the next Union Budget are very important factors than these visits.
 
Ruchir Sharma, Head of Emerging Markets and Global Macro, Morgan Stanley Investment Management dismisses all the hoopla about Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s maiden visit to the United States.
“All the investment talks in US will be just that - talks and slogans. But from a domestic policy perspective, the second year beginning with the Budget will be critical for the government,” he said.
Arora feels Modi should focus on some of the domestic issues like goods and services tax after he is back from the US.
Sharma believes that the Sensex hitting a year-end high of 30000 is unlikely as the global economic environment is not conducive for the market rally.
Events of the week
Apart from poor European flash PMI data on Tuesday and weak US housing data on Monday, geopolitical tensions hit global equities too. The US and five Arab allies on Tuesday carried out the first strikes against Islamic state militants in Syria. The Pentagon said warplanes, drones and tomahawk missiles were used in the attacks, which targeted several ISIS held areas.
On the home turf, foreign institutional investors sold more than Rs 3,500 crore worth of equity shares during the week. Even there was major outflow of funds from emerging markets due to profit taking.
Supreme Court on Wednesday announced verdict on coal block allocation case. It cancelled 214 (out of 218) coal blocks, and exempted four blocks including allocations to Sasan UMPP and NTPC and SAIL.
The apex court gave six months time for government to make alternate arrangements. Attorney General said Rs 295 per tonne penalty was imposed on all cancelled block holders.
Cabinet committee on economic affairs deferred gas pricing to November 15 on Wednesday evening.
Even the expiry on Thursday was not good for the market. The Nifty, which failed to hold the 8000 level on expiry day for September derivative contracts, fell for the first time in last eight series.
Standard & Poor's Ratings Services on Friday revised its outlook on India to stable from negative . However, earlier in April 2012, the rating agency had cut India’s outlook to negative.
It affirmed 'BBB-' long-term and 'A-3' short-term unsolicited sovereign credit ratings on India. It also affirmed transfer and convertibility assessment of 'BBB+'.
 
“India's improved political setting offers a conducive environment for reforms, which could boost growth prospects and improve fiscal management. Its external position is a key credit strength and well-entrenched democratic political system is another credit support,” it reasoned.
The rating agency said it could raise the rating if the economy reverts to a real per capita GDP trend growth of 5.5 percent per year and fiscal, external, or inflation metrics improve.
Stocks in action
All sectoral indices except FMCG closed in red. Bank Nifty fell 3.4 percent and CNX PSU Bank index tanked 7 percent due to huge exposure to mining and related sectors.
BSE Realty lost the most among indices, down 8.2 percent followed by Capital Goods, Metals, Power and Oil & Gas with 3-5 percent. However, BSE FMCG bucked the trend, up 2.3 percent.
Among stocks, JSPL tanked 12.6 percent due to de-allocation of blocks. BHEL, PNB, Tata Steel, Asian Paints, ICICI Bank, Reliance Industries, Bank of Baroda, DLF, SBI and ACC were down 5-9 percent.
However, ITC, HCL Technologies, HUL, ONGC, Mahindra and Mahindra and HDFC Bank outperformed, up 1-3 percent.
In the midcap space, Usha Martin, Suzlon Energy, Jayaswal Neco, Prakash Industries, Sasken Communications, JP Associates, Unitech, Andhra Bank, GMR Infrastructure and Allahabad Bank crashed 16-38 percent.
For the next week, the key events to watch out for will how Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s US visit and September auto sales numbers. However, caution is expected ahead of RBI policy review on Tuesday.
RBI is seen holding rates and the next rate cut is seen only in April-June 2015. Volatility is also expected as banks square off books ahead of the end of the quarter. Next week will be truncated week as the market will have three trading sessions followed by two-day holiday.
17:01

S&P upgrades India s credit outlook to  stableSep 26, 2014, 04.53 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
S&P upgrades India's credit outlook to 'stable'
Rating agency Standard & Poor's has revised India's credit outlook to "stable" from "negative", acknowledging the improved economic environment in the country.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
S&P upgrades India's credit outlook to 'stable'
Rating agency Standard & Poor's has revised India's credit outlook to "stable" from "negative", acknowledging the improved economic environment in the country.
Post your opinion here
Excerpts from Closing Bell on CNBC-TV18 Watch the full show »
Moneycontrol Bureau
In a huge sentiment boost for India, global rating agency Standard & Poor's on Friday revised India's credit outlook to "stable" from "negative", acknowledging the improvement in the country’s economic environment.
Though the agency has maintained 'BBB-' long-term and 'A-3' short-term "unsolicited sovereign credit ratings", the revision in outlook will definitely be a positive .
“Our outlook revision reflects our view that India's improved political setting offers a conducive environment for reforms, which could boost growth prospects and improve fiscal management,” S&P said.
The ratings on India reflect the country's strong external profile, combined with its democratic institutions and free press, both of which underpin policy stability and predictability, the agency said.
India registered its fastest growth in nine quarters between April and June 2014. The new government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has vowed to keep the fiscal deficit under control at 4.1 percent of GDP.
Moreover, the improvement in the current account deficit scenario (it fell from a peak of 4.7 percent in FY13 to 1.7 percent in FY14), after restrictions on gold imports and slower domestic investment demand, has also been a key to revised outlook. “CAD has improved in recent years post gold import curbs. We see little foreign exchange or roll-over risk for the government,” S&P said.
According to S&P, the stable outlook for the next 24 months reflects its view that the new government has both the willingness and capacity to implement reforms necessary to restore some of India’s lost growth potential, consolidate its fiscal accounts, and permit the Reserve Bank of India to carry out effective monetary policy.
“We could raise the rating if the economy reverts to a real per capita GDP trend growth of 5.5 percent per year and fiscal, external, or inflation metrics improve. Conversely we may lower the rating if the government's structural reform agenda stalls such that economic growth does not accelerate, or fiscal and debt ratios fail to improve,” it said.
RELATED NEWS

Gold demand will increase  says World Gold CouncilSep 26, 2014, 06.55 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Gold demand will increase, says World Gold Council
According to Vipin Sharma, who is responsible for the strategic development of the World Gold Council's Jewellery division in India, short-term fluctuations were a common trend and depend on the economic reasons as well as on the sentiments of the consumers.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gold demand will increase, says World Gold Council
According to Vipin Sharma, who is responsible for the strategic development of the World Gold Council's Jewellery division in India, short-term fluctuations were a common trend and depend on the economic reasons as well as on the sentiments of the consumers.
Post your opinion here
 
The World Gold Council is confident that 2014 would end on a robust note in gold demand in India, contrary to the initial drop in the first half. "This year's first-half has been a little challenging. The jewellery demand in terms of volume from January to June (first six months of 2014) as compared to the same period last year is lowered by 14 percent. But this is a short-term trend," World Gold Council Director Jewellery for India Vipin Sharma told PTI in an exclusive interview.
"In the long run, we see that the fundamentals are very strong. Now that the festive season is starting and the wedding season setting in, we are looking at a demand figure in the region of 850 tonnes to 950 tonnes. "We see a very solid and robust trend as far as long term demand and that of the year-as-a-whole is concerned. We are quite positive in terms of what to anticipate for the last quarter particularly," Sharma said.
Also Read: Tara Jewels aims at 60% volumes from branded jewellery
He said that the wedding season constituted one of the biggest segments as 50 percent of the total gold consumption occurred during that period. According to Sharma, who is responsible for the strategic development of the World Gold Council's Jewellery division in India, short-term fluctuations were a common trend and depend on the economic reasons as well as on the sentiments of the consumers.
"Short-term fall is not new. It goes with the demand which sometimes shoots up, sometimes goes down. Last year in the April-May period we saw an unprecedented spurt in gold demand because of certain drop in prices. So we continue to see short term trends specific to economic reasons, sometimes to sentiments at consumer-level and how their anticipation how they foresee the prices," Sharma said.
Talking about the Indian gold market's future, the World Gold Council official sounded quite hopeful going by the trend in the last five years. "India's love for gold is well known and commodities that historically associated with every celebrations in the country. We continue to see a very robust long term trend in India ... "And in the last five years the total demand at an average it has been more than 800 tonnes per year which is large and significant quantity. So long term trends continues to be very healthy and robust," Sharma said.  "Going by the last five years' or 10 years' trend, prices have gone up significantly. Earlier the price was around Rs 5000-6000 per 10 gram and last one year it has been close to Rs 30,000. But the consumption volumes have not dropped," Sharma said.
In the very long term the surveys suggested it to be fairly steady. Consumers' attitude appeared to be a very healthy attribute. So the outlook is very steady long-term growth for the market," he said. While comparing the country's gold market with that of China's, Sharma described India's as a large, consistent and steady consuming market while that of China's as a growing market attributed to its economic growth.
"Both are two biggest consuming markets in the world. I think put together they count for 55-56 percent of the overall global demand. And both are large and culturally looking at their Asian affinity towards gold there are some underlying similar factors.
"The trajectory of growth in the last few years has been little different. India has been a large, consistent steady consuming market while China is a growing market which can be attributed to the economic growth, earning levels are concerned but at fundamental-level both as leading, large, substantial even at core attributes," Sharma explained. Among other initiatives, the Council was looking at the youth as a segment in the global market and has started the LoveGold on the social media (Facebook and Twitter), he said.
"We are looking at the youth as a segment internationally. We have an initiative called LoveGold on the social media front looking at how gold can connect the youth in a very modern way," Sharma stated. "Of course we continue to invest and are trying to understand consumers and how the trends are shaping up in India, China, the US and parts of Europe," he signed off.
RELATED NEWS

Modi meets America: What does US wantSep 27, 2014, 03.05 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Modi meets America: What does US want?
On a three day visit to the US, PM Modi packs in more than 26 high profile meetings. A very prolific panel looks at the nuts and bolts of the visit, the tangibles, the high/low expectations.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Modi meets America: What does US want?
On a three day visit to the US, PM Modi packs in more than 26 high profile meetings. A very prolific panel looks at the nuts and bolts of the visit, the tangibles, the high/low expectations.
Post your opinion here
Special Show
On a three day visit to the US, PM Modi packs in more than 26 high profile meetings. A very prolific panel looks at the nuts and bolts of the visit, the tangibles, the high/low expectations.
In an exclusive interview with CNBC-TV18, Diane Farrell, US IBC; Dev Ganesan, Chairman of Aptara Inc; Rakesh Bhatia of PwC, Shridhar Potarazu, CEO, VitalSpring; Ralph C Voltmer, Head, India Practice, Covington & Burling LLP and DP Venkatesh, CEO of mPortal share their views on the significance of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's maiden visit to the US.
RELATED NEWS

Hope to see over 15% growth as bank: BandhanWe are now maintaining capital adequacy ratio of 21 percent
Chandrashekhar Ghosh
CMD
Bandhan Financial Services
Microfinance institution Bandhan, which became a bank recently, faces the financial challenge. The MFI borrows wholesale from either private equities (PEs) or gets a line of credit from banks and then lends retail. Now that Bandhan is a bank, the challenge will be to replace these wholesale funds with retail deposits. It is true that they have over 2000 branches across 22 states and are planning to open 600 more bank branches. But it will still be a challenge for this new bank to raise deposits, especially in urban areas, which is an unfamiliar terrain for these MFIs.
Also Read: IDFC to begin setting up of holding co soon: Lall
In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Gopika Gopakumar, Chandrasekhar Ghosh, CMD, Bandhan, who started the organization several years ago, said the bank can offer different services, other than run-of-the-mill, to attract more high net worth (HNIs) and middle class depositors.
He said the bank would target the interior rural and semi-urban areas, where public sector lenders have not been able to penetrate properly. “The middle class families have lot of cash, but they are not getting the desired services from PSU banks. We are working as MFIs in those areas and have a well known brand,” he said, adding that these rural areas have larger base. Ten HNIs can give Rs 1 crore each, which could sum up to Rs 10 crore, but here if I go to 1,000 middle class families and get Rs 1 lakh each, it is a bigger amount, Ghosh said.
Bandhan is quite popular in the interiors of West Bengal. But there is a lurking threat of these borrowers taking loans from many MFIs. The other big challenge, according to sources, is the size of loan amount. As per the RBI norm, MFIs have a lending cap of Rs 50,000 per borrower, but banks have no such cap. So Bandhan will have to consciously ensure that it does not overlend to these poor borrowers.
Discussing the increase in loan size, Ghosh said that would depend on the cash flow of customers. “Whatever would be the need of customer, as per their cash flow, we can give Rs 2 lakh or Rs 5 lakh. We would like to increase our portfolio size on the basis of that,” he said.
Currently, Bandhan has over 13,000 employees and is looking to add 3000 more. Ghosh claimed the institution has received nearly 35,000 job applications many of which are from bankers in public, private and foreign banks. So, is he going to match the salaries these experienced bankers are getting?
“They are happy to work with Bandhan. They feel I am part of an MFI becoming a bank. This is one inspiration. Secondly, this is a different type of banking in the country,” he said.
Bandhan has support coming in from IFC and SIDBI, but it needs to strengthen its balance sheet and also needs more capital. How will it raise capital going forward or attract new investors?
Ghosh said their current book size is at Rs 6,500 crore. When they transform into a bank, it would increase to Rs 7,500-8,000 crore. “We are now maintaining capital adequacy ratio of 21 percent. IFC infused capital Rs 160 crore into the MFI. As per RBI norms, I need Rs 500 crore to form a bank. So now I have Rs 1,250 crore net worth and by the closing of the year, it will come to Rs 1,500 crore and Rs 160 crore infusion is there, so that is Rs 1,660 crore, which is good enough capital to start a bank where minimum requirement is Rs 500 crore. So right now, I am not yet thinking of any capital infusion,” he said.
So will Bandhan have to raise capital every year? “Not every year. Within 3 years from the opening of the bank, we should go for listing. First two years, we need to set up a bank and run all activities. Third year little bit growth should come, so that after three years, we should go for listing,” Ghosh said.
The banking sector has seen a growth of 12 percent in the last quarter and the yearly growth may be around 15 percent, whereas for Bandhan it was 40 percent growth last year, Ghosh said.
“I cannot expect 40 percent growth in a bank. Beginning there is a lot of work to transform the bank and build up the capacity of the staff, set up the bank and streamline the product. Forty percent growth is unlikely to continue. So that is not expected. Whatever bank growth is there, 15 percent, I hope my growth is more than that,” he added.
RELATED NEWS

Gerald Ford s Former Ski Chalet for Sale
Rajasthan rape: Accused sentenced within 28 daysPrint
Express News Service | Jaipur | Posted: September 27, 2014 12:32 am
The police and judiciary in Rajasthan have come in for praise for speedy trial in the sexual assault of a two-year-old girl in Hanumangarh. The case was wrapped up in 28 days with the district and sessions court convicting the accused on Wednesday. However, the quickest trial in the state so far has been in the Bitti Mahanti case, in which a German national alleged rape in 2006 and the sentencing took 21 days.
In the Hanumangarh case, Gurbej Singh, a 65-year-old retired Armyman, has been sentenced to life imprisonment after being found guilty of sexually assaulting a two-year-old girl who lived in his neighbourhood in Chak Do Kanj near Makkasar village on the state’s border with Punjab. The girl was playing in the neighbourhood when Singh took her home and raped her.
The police are being lauded for nabbing the culprit soon after the incident was reported and filing a watertight chargesheet. Hanumangarh SP Sharat Kaviraj told The Indian Express, “We left no scope for any loopholes right from the beginning. The FIR was registered very carefully so that there were no discrepancies in the complainant’s version and the written complaint. Senior officers were put on the job to go to the scene and investigate the crime. We also managed to nab the culprit in time which helped in collecting evidence against him.”
The incident took place on August 26 and the accused was arrested the next day. A detailed chargesheet was filed on August 29 and the trial, held on daily basis, concluded on Wednesday with Singh’s conviction. “The entire process took 28 days and this shows that if the police and judiciary want they can deliver such speedy trial. But in this case we did seek special attention and asked the court for day-to-day hearings. This might not be possible in every case but be done in special cases,” Kaviraj said.

Sebi notifies norms for REIT  InvITSep 26, 2014, 06.05 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Sebi notifies norms for REIT, InvIT
Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT) and Infrastructure Investment Trust (InvITs), whose norms were approved by the regulator in August, would get tax incentives.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sebi notifies norms for REIT, InvIT
Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT) and Infrastructure Investment Trust (InvITs), whose norms were approved by the regulator in August, would get tax incentives.
Post your opinion here
 
Market regulator Sebi today notified norms for listing of business trust structures, REITs and InvITs that would help attract more funds in a transparent manner into realty and infrastructure sectors.
Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT) and Infrastructure Investment Trust (InvITs), whose norms were approved by the regulator in August, would get tax incentives.
For both trusts, the minimum initial offer size should be Rs 250 crore with a public float of at least 25 per cent, according to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi). The minimum asset base for these trusts to get listed is Rs 500 crore.
To ensure transparency, these trusts would be subject to stringent norms on disclosure as well as related party transactions.
In separate but similarly-worded regulations for the two trusts, Sebi said that all related party transactions should be at "arms-length" in accordance with relevant accounting standards.
REIT and InvIT are required to make investments either directly or through Special Purpose Vehicles. In case of PPP projects, money can be put in only through SPV.
In the case of REITs, the minimum public holding should be 25 percent while the total number of outstanding units at all times as well as the number of unit holders -- who are part of the public -- should be 200.
Under both the initial offer and follow-on public offer, the REIT shall not accept subscription of an amount less than Rs 2 lakh from an applicant, as per the norms.
Sebi has said that at least 80 per cent of the value of REIT assets should be invested in completed and rent generating properties.
REIT is barred from investing in vacant land or agricultural land or mortgages other than mortgage backed securities.
"Not less than 75 percent of the revenues of the REIT and the SPV, other than gains arising from disposal of properties, shall be, at all times, from rental, leasing and letting real estate assets or any other income incidental to the leasing of such assets," Sebi said.
At least two projects should be held by a REIT, either directly or through SPV. Out of that, only up to 60 percent of the asset value can be invested in one project.
RELATED NEWS

Nawaz Sharif s speech on Kashmir has imprints of Pakistan military hawks: Congress6
0
New Delhi: Criticising Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif for raising the Kashmir issue in United Nations General Assembly, the Congress on Saturday said his speech had "imprints" of Pakistani military hawks as he and his government were "under siege" in Islamabad.
The party said thar it was "unbecoming" of the Pakistan Prime Minister to rake up bilateral issues at international forum and asserted that Jammu and Kashmir is an integral part of India and is not negotiable.
Underlining that Sharif's speech had imprints of Pakistani military hawks, Congress spokesperson Anand Sharma said his raising the Kashmir at the UN deserves to be condemned.
"It is unbecoming of a Prime Minister to use an international forum to rake up issues which in fact concern only Pakistan and India," Congress said.
#pakistan #kashmir #nawaz sharif #congress
"It is unbecoming of a Prime Minister to use an international forum to rake up issues which in fact concern only Pakistan and India," he said.
Sharma, a former Union Minister, said it is clear that there is "signature, the imprint of hawks of Pakistan establishment, the military establishment on Nawaz Sharif's statement because he himself, his government is under siege". Jammu and Kashmir is an integral part of country and it is not an issue which is negotiable, he said.
"The only concern we have is about Pakistan-occupied Kashmir where people don't have freedom, they don't enjoy their fundamental rights," he said.
Sharma pointed out that India is the largest democracy in the world and people of Jammu and Kashmir freely express their views by exercising their right to vote.
"They elect their government or remove their government. This is not a freedom that Pakistan-occupied Kashmir has," he said.
Sharif had on Saturday raked up the Kashmir issue at the UN General Assembly in New York and blamed India for "another missed opportunity" to address outstanding issues by cancelling the Foreign Secretary-level talks.
Asserting that a "veil" cannot be drawn over the "core" issue of Kashmir, he needled India saying that more than six decades ago, the UN had passed resolutions to hold a plebiscite in Jammu and Kashmir.
"The people of Jammu and Kashmir are still waiting for the fulfilment of that promise," he said.
India strongly rejected the "untenable comments" by Sharif on Jammu and Kashmir, asserting that the people of the state have peacefully chosen their destiny in accordance with universally accepted democratic principles.
3

Court fixes defamation case against Smriti Irani for February 28Sep 27, 2014 at 02:12pm IST
Court fixes defamation case against Smriti Irani for February 28
17
2
New Delhi: A Delhi court on Saturday fixed February 28 next year for hearing a criminal defamation complaint filed by Congress leader Sanjay Nirupam against Union Human Resource Development (HRD) Minister Smriti Irani.
Metropolitan Magistrate Dheeraj Mittal, who had earlier summoned Irani as an accused asking her to appear on Saturday, was on leave and the matter was posted for the next date.
Nirupam, a former Congress MP, had filed the complaint against Irani alleging that on December 20, 2012, when assembly election results of Gujarat were announced, the BJP leader had made "defamatory and scurrilous comments" against him during a TV debate.
Metropolitan Magistrate Dheeraj Mittal, who had earlier summoned Irani as an accused asking her to appear on Saturday, was on leave and the matter was posted for the next date.
#smriti irani #sanjay nirupam #defamation case #delhi court
"That the accused (Irani), a Member of Parliament of the BJP defamed the complainant by making direct aspersions on the character of the complainant (Nirupam)," the complaint had said.
"The complainant's (Nirupam) reputation of excellence and integrity has been dented due to the scurrilous, defamatory and derogatory comments made by accused during the said debate," it had alleged.
Nirupam had said that he had sent a legal notice to Irani through his counsel on July 25 last year asking her to tender an "unconditional public apology" for allegedly making defamatory comments against him but she did not reply to it.
Earlier, Irani had also filed a defamation complaint against Nirupam for allegedly defaming her during the same debate on the private news channel and the court had framed charges against him for allegedly using derogatory and indecent language against her.
On Irani's complaint, the court had put Nirupam on trial under sections 500 (defamation) and 509 (uttering any word or making any gesture intended to insult the modesty of a woman) of the IPC.
If convicted, section 500 of the IPC entails a simple imprisonment for two years or fine or both. Section 509 of IPC carries a simple jail term of one year or fine or both.
Irani, a Rajya Sabha member, had claimed in her complaint that Nirupam had allegedly questioned her credentials to analyse poll results given her background as a TV actress.
20

Live: Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa convicted in disproportionate assets case0
2
A special court in Bangalore will deliver the much awaited verdict against Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa in an 18-year-old corruption case.
Live coverage
(Content below is refreshed only when page is reloaded.)
7:01 pm: TN Governor directs officers to ensure law and order is maintained in the state to prevent any further untoward incident
6:53 pm: Jayalalithaa has been taken into custody. She will be taken to Bangalore central jail from the jail hospital after her regular medical checkup
6:28 pm: 
6:26 pm: 
6:25 pm: 
6:22 pm: Opposition Leader and DMDK Chief Vijaykanth in a statement appreciated the verdict. "The verdict has proved that everyone is equal in the eyes of the law. This verdict is a lesson for wrong doers. I condemn the attacks on public buses and shops. Ruling party workers indulging in violence is condemnable," he said.
6:10 pm: 
5:53 pm: Reactions have started pouring in with Congress leader Rajeev Shukla saying that it is "a lesson to be learnt by these kinds of politicians who do not follow any ethics."
5:51 pm: With the verdict being announced on a weekend, Jayalalithaa will not be able to file a petition against the order in Bangalore higher court immediately. The court also closes for Dussehra vacations on Monday due to which she cannot apply for a bail on Monday as well.
5:36 pm: Jayalalithaa has been disqualified from public office for at least 6 years which, combined with the jail sentence, means that she cannot contest polls for 10 years.
5:23 pm: Bangalore Police Commissioner has imposed Section 144 around 5 km radius of the court and Bangalore central jail
5:23 pm: There are reports that Jayalalithaa supporters have clashed with police in Bangalore
5:14 pm: Along with a 4 year jail term, she will also have to pay a fine of Rs 100 crore in the case. The others convicted get four years in jail and will have to pay Rs 10 crore each as fine.
5:06 pm: Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa sentenced to 4 year imprisonment after being convicted in 18-year old disproportionate assets case
4:44 pm: Security personnel in large numbers have been posted to maintain law and order.
4:43 pm: According to police, a state-owned transport corporation bus was set on fire at Veppur village and nearly 20 buses were damaged in stone-pelting in Cuddalore district.
4:42 pm: Cases of violence are being reported from several parts of Tamil Nadu including Chennai and Madurai after the verdict against Jayalalithaa. AIADMK supporters indulged in stone pelting and arson and also forced closure of shops.
3:39 pm: The Karnataka government has so far spent Rs 2.86 crore on playing host to the case, according to documents obtained by an RTI activist.
3:38 pm: The case was filed by Subramanian Swamy in 1996. She was arrested and jailed for some days after DMK came to power in the 1996 Tamil Nadu Assembly polls.
3:38 pm: Appearing before the court four times, Jayalalithaa has answered 1,339 questions in closed door hearings during which she has maintained that the case was "politically motivated" and "fabricated" at the instance of her rival DMK.
3:36 pm: Swamy adds, "Jayalalithaa became chief minister in 1991 and at that time she declared that she has no wealth. During 5-year period. she acquired lots of properties. I don't think people want her to come back again. BJP will gain from this."
3:34 pm: Subramanian Swamy says,. "The Governor should take a call on the current law and order situation in Tamil Nadu. The Governor should consider President's rule in the state as anti-social aliments could take advantage of the situation."
3:21 pm: Violence erupts in Tamil Nadu following the verdict. Bus traffic halted in many places following the clash on the road. A Kancheepuram bus has been burnt, four people injured.
3:20 pm: 50 AIADMK cadres agitated near MGR Nagar bus terminus to condemn the verdict
3:17 pm: Senior BJP leader Subramanian Swamy says, "This verdict is tribute to our system."
3:16 pm: NCP leader Tariq Anwar says, "With this decision, the court has proved that nobody is above law."
3:10 pm: Minor clashes outside DMK chief M Karunanidhi's house following verdict
3:09 pm: Several shops, establishments down shutters as a precautionary  measure
3:09 pm: Several private companies in Tamil Nadu are declaring emergency holiday
3:06 pm: If the sentencing is less than three years, then Jayalalithaa is likely to apply for bail.
3:01 pm: A team of AIADMK cadres assembled near BJP leader Subramanian Swamy's house in Chennai and hurled stones.
2:41 pm: Raja says, " Do not see any threat to the state government but what has to be seen that who will be nominated as Tamil Nadu Chief Minister."
2:40 pm: CPI leader D Raja say, "This is  avery old case. It is  avery significant judgement . This means jayalalithaa cannot remain as CM  as she has to step down. This will have an impact on the state politics."
2:34 pm: DMK leader TKS Elangovan say, "This is not in our electoral agenda. We will take the failures of the AIADMK government to the people. This will be one of the things."
2:34 pm: Jayalalithaa is likely to appoint a partyman to as the chief minister of Tamil Nadu.
2:31 pm: Jayalalithaa stands disqualified from public office for next 6 years
2:28 pm: Sentencing and quantum of punishment to be made at 3 PM
2:25 pm: All the four convicted in the 18-year-old corruption case
2:24 pm: Jayalalithaa to be taken into custody
2:24 pm: Jayalalithaa is convicted under prevention of corruption act
2:21 pm: Jayalalithaa convicted in disproportionate wealth case. She is guilty of acquiring of wealth illegally
2:06 pm: Jayalalithaa was arrested and spent a few says in jail when the case was registered.
2:05 pm: The Opposition is keenly watching the verdict as state elections are due in 2016
1:59 pm: The case against Jayalalithaa was filed before a special court in Chennai in 1997 by the Tamil Nadu's Department of Vigilance and Anti Corruption (DVAC).
0

Srinagars business hubs lie desolate after catastrophic floodsSep 27, 2014 at 02:53pm IST
Srinagar’s business hubs lie desolate after catastrophic floods
5
0
Srinagar: Even after three weeks of an unprecedented flood in the Kashmir Valley, summer capital Srinagar's once busiest markets and streets were deserted on Saturday.
In the fashionable Residency Road and Lal Chowk markets, commuters, shoppers and shopkeepers used to curse the unending traffic jams in the city. Today, they are literally mourning the absence of that hustle and bustle of life.
Manzoor-ul-Haq is the owner of the 'Password' bookshop on Residency Road. He also owns a publishing house called 'Wattan Publishers'.
In the fashionable Residency Road and Lal Chowk markets, commuters, shoppers and shopkeepers used to curse the unending traffic jams in the city.
#jammu and kashmir floods #lal chowk #business hubs #catastrophe
He says Residency Road and city centre Lal Chowk might not regain their old glory even after a decade.
"Everything is finished. Where is the unending traffic jam that we used to see before September 7 (when floods hit Srinagar)? Where are the unending queues of shoppers?
"All we see today is heaps of garbage, deserted, dusty roads, closed shops, mourning shopkeepers and a pall of gloom over and around Residency Road", Haq told IANS.
He said all his life's earnings have been wiped out by the floods.
"I had my shop in the Residency Road and home behind SP College less than half a Kilometre away from the shop. Both my workplace and home have been destroyed.
"Our stores have also been submerged where we stored paper and other stuff for publishing", he said though admitting that books in the first floor of his two-storeyed bookshop have been saved.
Asked how much time it would take for the place to return to normal, Haq shrugged his shoulders. "Well, businesses might return within a month or a fortnight, but Residency Road and Lal Chowk wouldn't be the same even after a decade."
Many shopkeepers and businessmen in Lal Chowk said they have lost all their life's earnings in the deluge.
"It is an accepted principle of trade, greater the profits and sales, greater the stocks. We had put everything we had into stocks that have now been completely finished", said Zahoor Ahmad, who owns an electronic goods shop in Lal Chowk.
What disturbs the shopkeepers in markets like Residency Road, Maisuma and Lal Chowk is that 50 percent of them had reportedly not insured their shops and stocks.
"Yes, you would be surprised to learn, 50 per cent of us hadn't insured our stocks and, therefore, we have nowhere to look for support," said another shopkeeper in the Maisuma market adjacent to Lal Chowk.
Schools, colleges and business establishments in uptown Srinagar are still closed as classrooms, laboratories and the like are covered with mud left behind by the flood waters.
Every second local you see passing on the road in Srinagar city is wearing a mask to avoid the stink and dust that followed the withdrawal of the flood waters in inundated areas.
There is no electricity in Residency Road and Lal Chowk areas, although the drinking water facility has been restored.
While officials say 82 people were only killed by the recent floods in the Vallley, 45 of them in Srinagar city, haunted markets, closed schools and colleges and shocked residents stand witness to the fact that Srinagar's glory and soul have been bruised and battered.
4

Maharashtra polls: Congress calls off alliance with Samajwadi Party54
0
Mumbai: Two days after the Nationalist Congress Party broke its 15-year-old alliance with the Congress, the alliance trouble continues to haunt the latter. The Congress on Saturday called off its alliance with the Samajwadi Party ahead of Maharashtra Assembly elections.
SP leaders said that Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan called them around 1 AM to inform that he hasn't got an approval from the high command. The SP was offered 8 seats as per the deal.
After the NCP announced to call off its ties with the Congress, Chavan informed that the Congress will go into Assembly polls along with Mulayam Singh's Samajwadi Party.
The party has already released a list of 261 candidates to contest for 288-member Assembly.
After NCP withdrew its support, Chavan resigned from the chief minister's post as his government was reduced to a minority in the state.
The voting is on October 15 and the counting of votes is on October 19.
8

BJP: No point raising Kashmir at UNGAIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Intex launches three dual-SIM Android smartphones in India at Rs 6 990 onwards28
2
Panaji: Homegrown handset maker Intex launched three new smartphones, priced Rs 6,990 onwards under its new 'Star' range as it looks to capture a larger share of the strongly contested Indian smartphone market. The three new devices - Star, Star HD and Star Power - will be available from September 29 onwards priced at Rs 6,990, Rs 7,490 and Rs 8,690 respectively.
"The devices not only offer a longer battery life but also features like USB OTG and clicking selfies through the back camera by using the volume button on the phone. These are interesting features that will appeal to users," Intex Technologies Business Head Mobile Sanjay Kumar Kalirona told reporters here. In the next one month, the three models cumulatively should sell one lakh units, he added. The dual-SIM handsets run on the latest Android KitKat operating system and are powered by 1.3 Ghz quad-core processor and have 1GB RAM.
The Star features a five-inch display, 8MP auto-focus rear and 2MP front camera, 8GB memory (expandable to 32GB) and 2,000 mAh battery.
The three new smartphones - Star, Star HD and Star Power - will be available from September 29 at Rs 6,990, Rs 7,490 and Rs 8,690, respectively.
#intex #star hd #star power #android
The Star Power features a 4.5-inch screen and a 3,000 mAh battery, while the Star HD sports a five-inch screen with 13MP rear and 5MP front camera and 1,800 mAh battery.
"Star Power and Star HD support USB OTG, means customers can connect keyboard and mouse for using on the smartphone. These are some features that will help us differentiate our products from competitors apart from the aggressive pricing that we offer," he said.
Kalirona added that Intex will phase off its i5 range of smartphones over the next few months as the firm expands its smartphone portfolio.
During the April-June 2014 quarter in India, the fastest growing smartphone market in Asia Pacific, smartphone shipment grew 84 per cent to 18.42 million units from 10.02 million units (in April-June 2013 quarter), research firm IDC said.
Korean handset maker Samsung still continues to lead the smartphone market with 29 per cent share, followed by Micromax 18 per cent, Karbonn 8 per cent and Lava six per cent.
21

Windows 9: Microsoft to offer first look at new Windows on September 3062
1
Seattle: Microsoft will unveil a new name for its best-known product on Tuesday when it offers the first official glimpse of its latest Windows operating system.
The project, known for the past few years as "Threshold" inside the software company and "Windows 9" outside it, will likely get an entirely new brand, or just be called Windows, analysts said, ahead of its full release early next year.
The name change is symbolic of a new direction and style for Microsoft, which is veering away from an aggressive focus on Windows and PCs, the hallmark of previous Chief Executive Officer Steve Ballmer. The new, quieter emphasis is on selling services across all devices and is championed by new boss Satya Nadella.
The challenge for Microsoft this time is to come up with killer apps and services users can't live without.
#microsoft #windows #windows 9 #windows 8
The switch also represents a desire to erase the ill will generated by Windows 8, an ambitious attempt to redesign Windows with tablet users in mind, which ended up annoying and confusing the core market of customers who use mice and keyboards.
"Windows 8 was not a shining moment for Microsoft," said Michael Silver, an analyst at tech research firm Gartner. "Probably the biggest issue that lingers is the negative brand equity in the name."
Many users howled in protest over the death of the start-button menu and the introduction of a colourful grid of squares or tiles representing apps in what became known as the modern user interface, even though they could easily switch to a traditional desktop mode.
Judging by recent leaks online, which Microsoft has not tried to discredit, the start-button menu will come back in the next Windows, with an option of tacking on tiles if preferred.
But the problem of users having to toggle between the modern interface and the old-style desktop - for instance to use the full version of Excel spreadsheet software - has yet to be solved.
"The schizophrenic behavior between the modern user interface and the Windows desktop has got to go away," said David Johnson, an analyst at tech research firm Forrester. "They have to smooth that out."
Microsoft declined to comment on the new name, or what it plans to unveil on Tuesday.
The Redmond, Washington-based company has said only that it will have a "discussion" about where Windows is headed at a stylish event space in San Francisco on Tuesday.
The choice of wording and venue are key to a humbler, lower-profile Microsoft under Nadella, who is keen to rebuild respect in the Bay Area and Silicon Valley as it moves away from the PC and to play a bigger part in the mobile computing world fashioned by Apple Inc and Google Inc.
Nadella's slogan is "mobile first, cloud first," and although he will not be at the San Francisco event - he is traveling in Asia - that theme will be at the fore.
"This is a launching pad and catalyst for Nadella's holistic cloud vision over the coming years," said Daniel Ives, an analyst at investment bank FBR Capital Markets. "Windows 9 is a potentially game-changing product release for Microsoft."
Nadella is resigned to the fact that sales of PCs have levelled off, and with it sales of Windows. With the explosion of smartphones and tablets, Windows now powers only 14 percent of computing devices sold last year, according to Gartner.
His response is to focus on selling high-quality services - such as the Office suite of applications or storing documents in the cloud - to people on whatever device or system they are using.
"Microsoft is changing from a company that was Windows-centric to one that is services-centric," said Silver at Gartner. "It has to be that way. Windows revenue is likely going to decline, and Microsoft's task is to replace that Windows revenue with revenue from services on all sorts of platforms."
The challenge is to come up with killer apps and services users can't live without.
"Microsoft built their business on being very good at delivering what people needed in the moment, for example Excel in the 1990s," said Johnson at Forrester. "That's what Microsoft has to get back to, innovating and creating things that people find indispensable."
240

Chronology: Jayalalithaa disproportionate assets caseIn 1996, Dr Subramanian Swamy, then a leader of Janata Party, filed a case against Jayalalithaa.
Press Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: September 27, 2014 3:22 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 6:01 pm
Following is the course the disproportionate assets case against Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa has traversed, seeing legal and political twists and turns in the last 18 years after the DMK government decided to form Special Court on coming to power in 1996.
1996: Dr Subramanian Swamy, then a leader of Janata Party, files a case against Jayalalithaa alleging that during her tenure as Chief Minister from 1991 to 1996, she amassed properties worth Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate to her known sources of income.
Dec 7, 1996: Jayalalitha arrested. Many allegations follow, including accumulation of disproportionate assets.
1997: A prosecution launched in Additional Sessions Court in Chennai against Jayalalithaa and three others for having assets “disproportionate” to their known income.
 
June 4, 1997: Charge-sheeted for offences under Sections 120-B IPC, 13(2) read with 13(1)(e) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988.
October 1, 1997: Madras High Court dismisses three petitions by Jayalalitha including one challenging sanction granted by then Governor M Fathima Beevi for prosecuting her in the wealth case.
Trial progresses. By august 2000, 250 prosecution witnesses examined, only 10 more remained.
In the 2001 May Assembly elections, AIADMK secures absolute majority and Jayalalitha becomes Chief Minister. Her appointment is challenged due to her conviction in October, 2000 in the TANSI (Tamil Nadu Small Industries Corporation) case. SC nullifies the appointment.
September 21, 2001, Jayalalithaa ceases to be Chief Minister.
After her conviction is set aside, Jayalalithaa is elected to the Assembly in a bypoll from Andipatti constituency on Feb 21, 2002, and again sworn in as Chief Minister.
Three public prosecutors resign as also senior counsel.
Several prosecution witnesses resile from their earlier depositions after AIADMK returned to power.
2003: DMK general secretary K Anbazhagan approaches Supreme Court for transferring the trial to Karnataka on the ground that a fair trial was not possible in Tamil Nadu with Jayalalithaa as Chief Minister.
On November 18, 2003, the Supreme Court transfered the case to Bangalore.

Background: Jayalalithaa DA casePrint
A supporter of AIADMK supremo and Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalitha cries as the latter leaves her Poes Garden residence to appear before a Bangalore special court in connection with a disproportionate assets case, in Chennai on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Johnson T A | Bangalore | Posted: September 27, 2014 3:20 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 5:57 pm
The 66-year-old Jayalalithaa has been charged under provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act 1988 in the disproportionate assets case along with three others.
In a previous instance in September 2001 during her second term in power Jayalalitha had been forced to step down as Chief Minister after she was convicted to five years of imprisonment in the Tansi land scam case.
The Supreme Court had ruled that she cannot be Chief Minister when convicted in a criminal case. Jayalalithaa however returned as Chief Minister five months later in March 2002 after being acquitted of the charges in the Tansi case.
The special judge, in Rs 66.65 crore Disproportionate Assets case, John Michael Cunha was orginally scheduled to pronounce judgment in the Jayalalitha case on September 20 but the case was posted to September 27 after concerns were raised about security. The case was shifted to a court attached to the Bangalore Central Prison located on the outskirts of the city.
Jayalalitha and three associates – her former close friend V K Sasikala, Sasikala’s nephew V N Sudhakaran and sister-in-law J Illavarasi have been accused of acquiring Rs 66.65 crore worth of assets by corrupt means between 1991-96 during Jayalalithaa’s first tenure as Chief Minister.
The Disproportionate Assets case was registered in 1997 and investigations were carried out under the DMK regime which deposed Jayalalitha from power in April 1996. The case was transferred to Karnataka by the Supreme Court in 2003 on a plea by a DMK official K Anbazhagan alleging subversion of the trial by Jayalalitha when she returned as Tamil Nadu chief minister in May 2001.
The case had been crippled by delays on various counts including changes of the Special Public Prosecutor appointed to carry out the trial. The High Court appointed SPP in the case, B V Acharya, had quit in August 2012 after accusing the then BJP government in Karnataka of seeking his ouster to further political ties with Jayalalithaa’s AIADMK party.
A second public prosecutor appointed in the case, Bhawani Singh, was threatened with a fine of Rs 60,000 per day by the special court last year for seeking frequent adjournments and delaying the trial. The court in its judgment is expected to make observations about the conduct of the accused and the prosecution in causing delays in the trial.
The special court in the course of the trial took into its custody key evidence in the case in the form of 23 kg of gold, 1165 kg of silver and 91 wrist watches that had been seized from Jayalalithaa and the co-accused by the Tamil Nadu Directorate of Vigilance in Chennai in 1997. continued…

Jaya assets case  back to how it all beganJayalalithaa had then declared that she was drawing only Re.1 as salary.
Press Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: September 27, 2014 3:16 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 5:49 pm
It was a complaint by Subramanian Swamy in a court here in 1996 that led to a probe against Tamil Nadu Chief Ministers Jayalalithaa in what later came to be known as the “ Disproportionate assets case ” in which she was convicted by a Bangalore court today.
On June 14, 1996, Subramanian Swamy, then Janata Party leader, filed a complaint before the Principal Sessions Judge here alleging that Jayalalithaa had assets disproportionate to her known sources of income. Swamy, was then the President of the the Janata Party, which has since merged with BJP.
The court directed the Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption wing to investigate the complaint.
Subsequently, an FIR was registered by the police on September 18, 1996 and a probe was conducted which also included search and seizure procedures at multiple locations including Hyderabad. A chargesheet was filed and witnesses examined.
The witnesses who were recalled in court after the AIADMK returned to power in 2001 invited the censure of the Supreme Court later.
It was alleged that the value of Jayalalithaa’s assets increased to Rs.66.65 crore when she demitted office in 1996 after a five year stint.
Before assuming office as Chief Minister on July 1, 1991, the value of her assets was Rs.2.01 crore, it was alleged.
Jayalalithaa had then declared that she was drawing only Re.1 as salary.
While Jayalalithaa was the first accused in the case, her aide Sasikala, her erstwhile foster son V N Sudhakaran and J Ilavarasi, a relative of Sasikala, are the other accused.
The case, in its 18 year journey has seen many petitions filed by the accused involving questions, including that of law, procedures and relief in several courts like the trial court, High Courts of Madras and Karnataka and the Supreme Court.
The case was transferred to Bangalore in 2003 by the Supreme Court on a petition filed by DMK leader K Anbazhagan in which Swamy, impleaded himself in his capacity as the original complainant. Swamy also supported the transfer of cases out of Tamil Nadu for a fair trial.
They had maintained that the trial will not be conducted in a free and fair manner if it was done in Tamil Nadu.
Transferring the case to Karnataka, an apex court bench, comprising Justice S N Variava and Justice H K Sema in its judgement on November 18, 2003 observed: “It does appear that the new public prosecutor (appointed by the AIADMK Government) is hand in glove with the accused thereby creating a reasonable apprehension of likelihood of failure of justice in the minds of the public at large. There is strong indication that the process of justice is being subverted. Free and fair trial is sine qua non of continued…

Jayalalithaa convicted in disproportionate assets casePrint
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalitha leaving her Poes Garden residence to appear before a Bangalore Special Court. (Source: PTI)
Written by Johnson T A | Bangalore | Posted: September 27, 2014 3:14 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 5:34 pm
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa was convicted by a special court in Bangalore here on Saturday after being found guilty in a Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate assets case. Special judge John Michael Cunha pronounced the judgment running over 1000 pages in the 18-year-old case and said the prosecution had proven its case.
With the court subsequently sentencing Jayalalithaa to four years imprisonment, she will be immediately moved to jail. The conviction will also require Jayalalithaa to step down from her position as chief minister of Tamil Nadu.
The judgement on Saturday was delivered as thousands of AIADMK supporters gathered around the venue of the court hall. Almost the entire Tamil Nadu ministry 29 ministers were present outside the court hall along with AIADMK MPs and leaders. The Karnataka police deployed 40 platoons of policemen to maintain law and order.
In brief arguments ahead of the judgment Jayalalitha told the special court that the case was politically motivated. She told the court that the case was filed 18 years ago when she was 48-years-old with the intent of harassing her. The prosecution however argued that Jayalalitha and three others had committed offences against society.
The Rs 66.65 crore corruption case against Jayalalitha pertains to her first tenure as chief minister between 1991-96. The case was filed by a DMK official K Anbazhagan in 1997.
The Tamil Nadu Directorate of Vigilance had seized several kg of gold, silver and jewellery following raids on property owned by the Tamil Nadu chief minister.
The case was transferred to Bangalore in 2003 by the Supreme Court after allegations were raised by the DMK about the Jayalalithaa government meddling with the case during her second tenure from 2001 – 2006.
The trial in the case has been plagued by delays. It picked up speed over the last year since John Michael Cunha was appointed as the special judge.
The judge has refused to entertain delaying tactics in the case and has pushed on with the trial after frequently pulling up the defence and even the prosecution for employing delaying tactics.
The conviction will require her to step down as Tamil Nadu Chief Minister.

Egypt court postpones Mubarak verdict to NovemberPress Trust of India | Cairo | Posted: September 27, 2014 3:13 pm
On saturday an Egyptian court postponed until late November, the verdict in the retrial of former President Hosni Mubarak for his complicity in the killing of protesters during the 2011 revolution that toppled him.
Mubarak arrived in a helicopter earlier Saturday to New Cairo’s Police Academy ahead of an expected verdict.
Several of Mubarak’s supporters and opponents gathered outside the Police Academy, where Cairo’s Criminal Court was expected to issue its verdict in the retrial.
Families of the victims held pictures of relatives they lost while Mubarak supporters chanted slogans questioningwhether Egypt had really improved following Mubarak’s ouster.
Mubarak, 86, is being retried on charges of complicity in the killing of around 850 unarmed protesters during the January, 2011 uprising that ended his 30-year rule.
His sons Gamal and Alaa, Mubarak-era interior minister Habib El-Adly, and six of El-Adly’s aides are also charged in the same case.
The former autocrat was sentenced to 25 years in jail in 2012 but the verdict was successfully appealed in January,2013 as the presiding judge ruled that there was not enough evidence presented by the prosecution.
Mubarak’s retrial began in April, 2013.
Egypt has been wracked by political turmoil since the overthrow of Mubarak and later under its first democratically elected President Mohamed Morsi of the Muslim Brotherhood.
Morsi’s term was plagued by political uncertainty and violence in a deeply polarised country that ultimately led to his ouster by the powerful military on in July last year following mass protests against his rule.

Jayalalithaa found guilty in DA case | How it all beganYou are here: Home > Collections
Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa found guilty in disproportionate assets case
ET Bureau Sep 28, 2014, 01.22AM IST
Tags:
DMK Leader
(Special Judge John Michael D'Cunha convicted…)
BANGALORE: It was initially seen as a political master-stroke, when J Jayalalithaa announced that she was going to take a salary of just Rs 1 when she became the chief minister (CM) for her first term in 1991. That came back to bite her later. DMK's M Karunanidhi, the man who succeeded her as CM in 1996, only had to do a simple calculation. A monthly salary of Rs 1 would only amount to Rs 60 in five years, so where did Jayalalithaa's assets to the tune of Rs 66 crore come from?
Also, Karunanidhi questioned how Jayalalithaa got the money to host an extravagant wedding in 1995 for her then foster son Sudhakaran, the nephew of her confidante Sasikala . The case was originally filed by the Department of Vigilance and Anti Corruption. The Income-Tax Department joined in around the same time, raiding her residences in Poes Garden, Chennai and Hyderabad. The final figure worked out to over Rs 66 crore. Documents showing properties worth Rs 58 crore, 30 kg of gold, including 400 pairs of bangles, 500 kg of silver, 10,000
sarees, 750 pairs of footwear and over 100 wrist watches were seized by the authorities.
Jayalalithaa's defence has been that the assets were gifts given to her by film directors during her stardom.
In 2003, the case was transferred to a Bangalore special court when Jayalalithaa came back to power for her second term in 2001, over fears expressed by the DMK that she would try to tamper with witnesses. The DMK's general secretary K Anbazhagan impleaded himself as a petitioner in the case and became the driving force behind the case. Seven judges, three public prosecutors and 25 petitions in the Supreme Court and over 130 adjournments later, the DA case verdict was finally pronounced on Saturday in a makeshift court in Bangalore. — Our Bureau/ Bangalore
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oracle warns 30 products vulnerable to  Shel...Oracle warns customers of more than 30 products vulnerable to 'Shellshock' bug
By Reuters | 27 Sep, 2014, 12.28PM IST
Oracle said it has only prepared fixes to address the Shellshock vulnerability in two products, the Oracle Linux and Solaris operating systems.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BOSTON: Oracle Corp warned customers on Friday that more than 30 products are vulnerable to the "Shellshock" bug, including its high-end Exadata computer systems.
Oracle said it has only prepared fixes to address the Shellshock vulnerability in two products, the Oracle Linux and Solaris operating systems.

Scrappy India beat China  to face Korea in semifinalUpdated: September 28, 2014 01:45 IST
India beat China, to face Korea in semifinal
S. Thyagarajan
AP Indian men's hockey team entered the semifinal at the 17th Asian Games in Incheon. File photo
TOPICS
Hockey
An impeccably-taken penalty corner by V. Raghunath and an exotic goal by Birendra Lakra gave India a 2-0 win over Chinas and a place in the semifinals from Pool B in the men’s hockey competition on Saturday.
Even after four matches, the attack suffered from want of cohesion. The forwards struggled to fashion a combined attack. The midfield combination of Gurbaj and Manpreet Singh managed to keep the Chinese attackers at bay, but they were threatening to break this bastion any moment.
For the first two quarters, it was China that looked sharper. The Indians were unable to cash in on any of the individual sallies that Dharamvir and Sunil were able to come up with.
Smart save
Even in the third quarter, the Chinese pressured the Indian defenders into errors. A fierce reverse shot by Sun Long was smartly stopped by goalkeeper Sreejesh, who followed it up with some brilliant saves off penalty corners.
Until Raghunath came up with the penalty-corner strike midway in the third quarter, there was very little to commend about India’s performance. The Indians raised their game after the goal and Lakra came up with a fine effort to enhance the lead.
He initiated the move in tandem with Akashdeep and beat the usually alert Chinese ’keeper Xu Rui with a perfect scoop.
Chief coach Terry Walsh admitted that there were weaknesses that needed to be corrected before the team faces South Korea in the semifinal.
The other semifinal will be between Malaysia and Pakistan.
Earlier, Malaysia put up a splendid display to down Japan by four goals to one. Muhammad Razie played a stellar role for the winner, netting two penalty corner goals.
The results: Men: Pool B: Pakistan 8 (Muhammad Imran 2, Dilber Muhammad, Muhammad Irfran 2, Abdul Haseem Khan 2, Shakeel Abbasi) bt Oman 0; India 2 (V. Raghunath, Birendra Lakra) bt China 0.
Pool A: Malaysia 4 (Firhan Muhammad, Muhammad Razie 2, Tajuddin) bt Japan 1 (Toshiro Tachbana); Korea 7 (Kim Sengkyu, Moonkeon Kang, Oh Daekeun, You Hyosik, Jang Jonghyun 2, Nam Hyunwoo) bt Bangladesh 0.
Semifinal line-up: Korea v India; Pakistan v Malaysia.
POINTS TABLE (MEN)
Pool A: Korea: 4-4-0-0-25-1-12; Malaysia 4-3-0-1-18-6-9; Japan 4-2-0-2-22-8-6; Bangladesh 4-1-0-3-3-21-3; Singapore 4-0-0-4-3-35-0.
Pool B: Pakistan 4-4-0-0-26-1-12; India 4-3-0-1-18-2-9; China 4-2-0-2-11-4-6; Oman 4-1-0-3-3-21-3; Sri Lanka 4-0-0-4-1-31-0
(read as played, won, drawn, lost, goals for, goals against, points)

Modi thanks people for warm reception in New YorkSep 27, 2014, 03.32 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Modi thanks people for warm reception in New York
Modi, 64, flew into New York's JFK airport yesterday on a special Air India Boeing plane on the first leg of his maiden visit to the US as Prime Minister after a nearly nine-hour flight from Frankfurt where he had an overnight halt.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Modi thanks people for warm reception in New York
Modi, 64, flew into New York's JFK airport yesterday on a special Air India Boeing plane on the first leg of his maiden visit to the US as Prime Minister after a nearly nine-hour flight from Frankfurt where he had an overnight halt.
Post your opinion here
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has thanked the Indian-American community for the warm welcome he received upon his arrival here as he was greeted by chants of 'Modi' 'Modi' outside his hotel.
"A big thank you for the warm welcome in New York! Deeply touched. Looking forward to a great trip ahead," Prime Minister Modi tweeted hours after his arrival.
Modi, 64, flew into New York's JFK airport yesterday on a special Air India Boeing plane on the first leg of his maiden visit to the US as Prime Minister after a nearly nine-hour flight from Frankfurt where he had an overnight halt.
In a rare gesture, Prime Minister Modi came out of his huge convoy to greet a large number of Indians who had gathered outside his hotel to welcome him on his arrival to the US and were chanting his name.
As a large convoy of vehicles came to the hotel he would be staying in till September 29 before moving to Washington, Modi came out and greeted people who had gathered their in a special enclosure made by the local administration.
Modi greeted everyone with a namaste and also waved at the people, while walking across them outside the barricade of the enclosure. He then walked inside the hotel.
Modi also shook hands with a few people who had gathered there and walked almost an entire block distance before going back to the hotel. Many people were seen taking pictures and videos of him.
The crowd had gathered for over two hours to greet him. A stampede-like situation erupted as people pushed each other to see Modi.
People were heard talking about him and his gesture for a long time.
RELATED NEWS

Economy can grow faster than 5.5% in FY15: MayaramEconomy can grow at rate faster than 5.5 pc in FY15: Arvind Mayaram
Manoj Kumar     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 15:47 IST
Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram (Photo: Reuters)
The Indian economy can grow by more than 5.5 per cent in the current financial year year, the finance ministry has said.
Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram spoke after ratings agency Standard & Poor's raised the outlook on India's BBB- sovereign credit rating to stable from negative.
S&P said a return to trend growth of 5.5 per cent would justify an upgrade in India's outlook.
(Reuters)

Blackberry reports net loss of $207 million in Q2Euan Rocha, Alastair Sharp and Allison Martell     Toronto   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 20:07 IST
Photo: Reuters
BlackBerry reported a much smaller-than-expected quarterly loss on Friday and said it was turning its focus to growth and investments.
The Waterloo, Ontario-based company reported a net loss of $207 million, or 39 cents per share, for the second quarter ended August 30. That compared with a year-earlier loss of $965 million, or $1.84 per share.
Excluding one-time items such as charges for restructuring and a change in the fair value of debentures, the company said the loss was 2 cents a share. On that basis, analysts polled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S were expecting a 16-cent loss.
"Our workforce restructuring is now complete, and we are focusing on revenue growth with judicious investments to further our leadership position in enterprise mobility and security," Chief Executive Officer of the company John Chen said in a statement.
(Reuters)

Indian womens squash team settles for silverUpdated: September 27, 2014 12:49 IST
Indian women’s squash team settles for silver
PTI
PTI In this September 23, 2014 photo, Bronze medal winner Dipika Pallikal poses during the medal ceremony of women's individual squash event at Yeorumul Squash Court in Incheon, South Korea.
TOPICS
squash
Gold proved elusive but it was nonetheless a historic silver for the Indian women’s squash team after it went down to Malaysia in the final of the 17th Asian Games in Incheon on Saturday.
The team lost 0-2 to Malaysia to settle for the silver after Deepika Pallikal and Anaka Alankamony lost their matches in a contest which lasted a little over an hour.
Alankamony opened the proceedings for India and did up some fight before going down 9-11 10-12 2-11 to Odette Arnold Delia in 43 minutes.
Next up was Dipika Pallikal, who once again came face to face against world number one Nicol David after losing the singles semifinal to her earlier this week.
The face off, however, did not yield a different result as Pallikal went down 7-11 6-11 3-11 in 29 minutes.
Joshana Chinappa’s inconsequential final rubber did not take place after her rival Wee Wern Low withdrew from the contest.
The defeat notwithstanding, this will still be India’s best performance in the Asian Games squash competition as the men are also assured of at least a silver after reaching the final of the team competition.
Top singles player Saurav Ghosal has already added a historic silver to the medal list — a first in the Asian Games squash. Pallikal, on the other hand, had won a bronze medal in the women’s singles, also a first for Indian squash.

Asian Games 2014: Indian men strike gold in compound archeryprint
India's Abhishek Verma shoots as teammates Sandeep Kumar and Rajat Chauhan watch during their men's compound team gold medal archery match against South Korea. (Reuters Photo)
India earned their second gold medal in the 17th Asian Games after the men's compound archery team bagged the yellow metal by getting the better of South Korea on Saturday at Incheon.
The Indian women's compound team, meanwhile, settled for a bronze after beating Iran in the third-place play-off.
The Indian men's trio of Abhishek Verma, Rajat Chauhan and Sandeep Kumar eked out a narrow 227-225 victory over the hosts to give the country their second gold medal in eight days.
Shooter Jitu Rai had earned the top position on the first day of the competition.
In a closely-fought contest today, the South Korean team of Choi Yong-hee, Min Li-hong and Yang Young-ho fell short by just two points, even as the Indians held on to their nerves to win an all-important battle.
Indian men had 12 10s as compared to 13 by their opponents.
Earlier, the Indian women's team consisting of Trisha Deb, Purvasha Shende and Surekha Jyothi shot 224, while Sakineh Ghasempour, Maryam Ranjbarsari and Shabnam Sarlak of Iran could earn a total of 217 points.
Both Indian and Iranian girls had a total of nine 10's each at the Gyeyang Asiad Archery Field in Incheon.
Indian girls had earlier lost the semi-finals by a slim margin of 224-226 against Chinese Taipei on Thursday to set up a bronze-medal play-off with Iran.

U.S.-Led Airstrikes Target ISIS-Controlled Oil RefineriesU.S.-Led Airstrikes Target ISIS-Controlled Oil Refineries For 2nd Day
 | By                                                                By RYAN LUCAS
reddit
In this framegrabbed image provided by the U.S. Department of Defense shows airstrike footage on the Jeribe West Refinery in Syria Wednesday Sept. 24, 2014. The strikes aimed to knock out one of the militants' main revenue streams _ black market oil sales that the U.S. says earn up to $2 million a day for the group. (AP Photo/Department of Defense)
BEIRUT (AP) — American warplanes and drones hit Islamic State group tanks, Humvees, checkpoints and bunkers in airstrikes Friday targeting the extremists in Syria and Iraq, as the U.S.-led coalition expanded to include Britain, Denmark and Belgium.
The European countries committed to take part only in the Iraq part of the military campaign, leaving the operation in Syria to the United States and five Arab allies who began conducting airstrikes there on Tuesday. Still, the broadening of the coalition provides a welcome boost for President Barack Obama and the American-led campaign.
The U.S.-led operation aims to roll back and ultimately crush the Islamic State group, which has carved out a proto-state stretching from Syria's northern border with Turkey to the outskirts of Baghdad. The militants have employed brute force to achieve their goals, massacring captured Syrian and Iraqi troops, terrorizing minorities in both countries and beheading two American journalists and a British aid worker.
While striking fear into its opponents, the Islamic State group's tactics have also helped galvanize the international community to move against the extremists. France has already joined the U.S.-led effort in Iraq, and is considering expanding its role to Syria as well. The Netherlands, too, has said it would take part in the bombing campaign in Iraq.
Denmark, Belgium and Britain all signed on as well on Friday. Denmark said it would send seven F-16 fighter jets and 250 pilots and support staff, while Belgium will contribute six F-16s that are already en route to Jordan so they can go into action as early as Saturday.
"No one should be ducking in this case," said Danish Prime Minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt. "Everyone should contribute."
British lawmakers also voted Friday to join the coalition. London is expected to deploy Tornado fighters, which are in Cyprus — within striking distance of northern Iraq.
"This is about psychopathic terrorists that are trying to kill us and we do have to realize that, whether we like it or not, they have already declared war on us," Prime Minister David Cameron told a tense House of Commons in a more than six-hour debate. "There isn't a 'walk on by' option. There isn't an option of just hoping this will go away."
The European contingent will join a campaign has already carried out hundreds of airstrikes, the latest of which hit Islamic State positions in both Iraq and Syria late Thursday and Friday.
The U.S. Central Command said that airstrikes outside the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk destroyed three Islamic State Humvees, disabled two armed vehicles and damaged an armored truck. More strikes west of Baghdad and near the Syrian border knocked out a guard shack, armed vehicles, a bunker and a checkpoint.
In Syria, the U.S. destroyed four tanks and damaged another outside the city of Deir el-Zour on the Euphrates River.
Those strikes marked the second consecutive day that the United States and its Arab allies have taken aim at the militants near the border with Iraq. Coalition planes pounded a dozen makeshift oil-producing facilities in the same area on Thursday, trying to cripple one of the militants' primary sources of cash — black market oil sales that the U.S. says produce up to $2 million a day.
Syrian activists said the American-led air campaign also hit the Tanak oil field as well as the Qouriyeh oil-producing area in Deir el-Zour on Friday. It said air raids also targeted the headquarters of the Islamic State group in the town of Mayadeen southeast of Deir el-Zour city.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory of Human Rights said the strikes were believed to have been carried out by the coalition. Another activist collective, the Local Coordination Committees, also reported four strikes on Mayadeen that it said were conducted by the U.S. and its allies.
In the village of Zagheer west of Deir el-Zour, a warplane attacked a motorcycle Friday evening shortly after it left an Islamic State group compound, according to the Observatory. It said an Iraqi commander of the group was killed as well as another member who is from a Gulf state.
The Observatory also reported another apparent coalition air raid on Islamic State positions outside the city of Hassakeh in northeastern Syria. Those strikes targeted an oil-production area, as well as vehicles the militants had brought in from Iraq and tried to bury in the ground to protect them, according to Observatory director Rami Abdurrahman.
The U.S. did not have any information on strikes targeting oil facilities, but the military statement mentions raids by American forces only and not those by other coalition partners.
The Observatory reports that at least 13 civilians have died so far in coalition strikes.
In Washington, the top U.S. military officer said the United States and its allies are taking every precaution to limit civilian casualties.
"Of course you know you can't reduce it to zero," Gen. Martin Dempsey, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told a Pentagon news conference. He said he has received no reports of civilian casualties so far.
Dempsey said U.S. allies participating in the campaign against Islamic State group are doing just as well their American counterparts in hitting their targets precisely. He attributed the success to two decades of training with other countries and acquiring advanced surveillance and targeting equipment.
In Syria, activists say the militants have cut back the number of gunmen manning checkpoints, apparently fearing more strikes, while there has also been an exodus of civilians from Islamic State strongholds.
"Everywhere there are ISIS buildings, the people living around these buildings are leaving. They are moving far from ISIS buildings, either to other villages or to other areas in the same cities," said Abdurrahman, using the acronym of an alternative name for the group. "This has happened in Raqqa, in Deir el-Zour and in many towns and villages."
In towns and villages controlled by Syria's mainstream rebel factions, the airstrikes have garnered mixed reactions. Most people appear to condone hitting the Islamic State group, but question why President Bashar Assad's forces — which have killed thousands of people in the civil war — remain untouched.
Syrians are also critical of the U.S. decision to bomb the al-Qaida-affiliated Nusra Front in the opening salvo. The Nusra Front enjoys a degree of support among many in the opposition because its fighters are on the front lines against Assad.
In several opposition-held areas Friday, residents staged demonstrations condemning the airstrikes, according to activists and videos posted online.
The international operation targeting the Islamic State group adds another layer to Syria's civil war, a conflict that has already killed more than 190,000 people since the revolt against Assad began in March 2011.
While overshadowed by the coalition strikes against the Islamic State, fighting between Syrian government troops and rebels has raged on with its usual ferocity.
Assad's warplanes struck opposition-held towns in several provinces, including Hama in central Syria and Daraa in the south, while in Damascus, government soldiers backed by gunmen from the Lebanese Shiite militant Hezbollah group battled rebels on the edges of the suburb of Jobar, activists said.
The Islamic State group meanwhile continued to press its offensive near the Turkish border against Syrian Kurds, closing in on the border town of Ayn Arab, also known as Kobani. The militants have overrun dozens of villages the area in recent weeks as they look to clear out one of the few remaining pockets of resistance to their rule in northern Syria.
A senior Kurdish fighter overseeing the defense of Kobani, Ismet Sheikh Hassa, said that Islamic State fighters were advancing on the city from three sides Friday and were now launching mortars and rockets into Kobani itself.
He said that Kurdish fighters were outgunned, using old Russian weapons and assault rifles to fend off the attack.
"They have heavy weapons," including tanks, artillery and machine-guns, Hassa said by telephone. "The Islamic State is firing mortars and rockets over Kobani randomly. There are numerous civilian causalities."
Scores of Kurdish activists and fighters were seen removing barbed wire and crossing the Turkish border on Friday to help defend the city. As they crossed the frontier, they could be heard chanting "Long live Kobani!"
___
Associated Press writers Maamoun Youssef in Cairo, Desmond Butler in Sanliurfa, Turkey, Burhan Ozbilici in Mursitpinar, Turkey, Danica Kirka in London and Lara Jakes in Washington contributed to this report.
Related on HuffPost:

Jayalalithaa convicted in assets case: How it all beganE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

5-kg tiffin bomb unearthed in Chhattisgarh’s DantewadaPress Trust of India | Raipur | Posted: September 27, 2014 3:40 pm
A five kilo gram tiffin bomb hidden beneath the soil on a road was  recovered on Saturday in Chhattisgarh’s insurgency-hit Dantewada district, police said.
Dantewada district police officials said that the tiffin bomb was recovered from Faraspal village after a tip off, when a team of security personnel was patrolling the area.
The bomb was unearthed and defused, they said.
In another incident at Bijapur district, a joint team of CRPF and district police force recovered weapons and naxal material after a face off with maoists Tarrem jungles, police said.
As soon as security men reached Tarrem, about 30-40 naxals opened fire, following which the team too retaliated. However, there are no reports of causalities on both sides, police said.
After naxals fled into the jungles, policemen recovered detonators, electronic wires, boosters, walkie-talkies and some naxal uniforms from the spot.
Elsewhere in Bogla jungles in Bijapur, a group of naxals attacked policemen on a combing operation in the area. After retaliatory fire, arms and weapons, including guns, besides, posters, naxal literature, medicine packets and commodities for daily use were recovered from the area, they added.

Narendra Modi thanks people for warm reception in New YorkPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greets people outside his hotel upon his arrival in New York on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New York | Posted: September 27, 2014 3:35 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 3:36 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has thanked the Indian- American community for the warm welcome he received upon his arrival here as he was greeted by chants of ‘Modi’ ‘Modi’ outside his hotel.
“A big thank you for the warm welcome in New York! Deeply touched. Looking forward to a great trip ahead,” Prime Minister Modi tweeted hours after his arrival.
Modi, 64, flew into New York’s JFK airport on Friday on a special Air India Boeing plane on the first leg of his maiden visit to the US as Prime Minister after a nearly nine-hour flight from Frankfurt where he had an overnight halt.
In a rare gesture, Prime Minister Modi came out of his huge convoy to greet a large number of Indians who had gathered outside his hotel to welcome him on his arrival to the US and were chanting his name.
As a large convoy of vehicles came to the hotel he would be staying in till September 29 before moving to Washington, Modi came out and greeted people who had gathered their in a special enclosure made by the local administration.
Modi greeted everyone with a namaste and also waved at the people, while walking across them outside the barricade of the enclosure. He then walked inside the hotel.
Modi also shook hands with a few people who had gathered there and walked almost an entire block distance before going back to the hotel. Many people were seen taking pictures and videos of him.
The crowd had gathered for over two hours to greet him.
A stampede-like situation erupted as people pushed each other to see Modi. People were heard talking about him and his gesture for a long time.

Narendra Modi meets Nobel laureate Harold VarmusPrime Minister Narendra Modi shakes hands with US National Cancer Institute Director Harold Varmus in New York on Friday. (PTI Photo)
New York | Posted: September 27, 2014 3:29 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi Saturday met with Nobel laureate and famous cancer specialist Professor Harold Varmus and invited him to visit India to assist in health and public health care research.
Interestingly, 74-year-old Varmus, currently director of the US National cancer Institute, had done his apprenticeship in a mission hospital in Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh in 1960s. He received the 1989 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the cellular origin of retroviral oncogenes.
During his 30-minute interaction with Modi, the two discussed a wide range of public health care issues, including those related to cancer research, vaccine and possibilities of research in India.
“The Prime Minister invited him to visit India on a regular basis. The professor congratulated Modi on the laws in India on anti-smoking,” the spokesperson Ministry of External Affairs told reporters.
Recollecting his India days in 1960s, Varmus also talked about how medicines have evolved since then.

JAYALALITHAA CONVICTED  ARGUMENTS ON SENTENCE ONUpdated: September 29, 2014 14:36 IST
Jayalalithaa conviction: As it happened
Tweet
The Hindu The remains of a bus which was set on fire following violence which erupted in the wake of the verdict against Jayalalithaa, at Kammalapalayam in Kancheepuram district on Saturday. Photo: D. Gopalakrishnan
The Hindu Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa on her way to the Parappana Agrahara court complex in Bangalore on Saturday. A special court has convicted her in a disproportionate wealth case.
PTI A file photo of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa with her close aide Sasikala in Chennai on February 2008.
TOPICS
 Jayalalithaa wealth case
Minute-by-minute coverage of the historic verdict against Jayalalithaa in the disproportinate assets case.
September 29: Jayalalithaa's appeal against Special Court's conviction order was filed in the Karnataka High Court around 11 a.m. Her advocates filed the appeal, with a plea seeking suspension of sentence, in the High Court's registry section. Jayalalithaa’s aide Sasikala, her relatives V.N Sudhakaran and Ilavarasi also approached the High Court, seeking bail. Senior Supreme Court advocate Ram Jethmalani will represent Jayalalithaa with the defence team. O. Panneerselvam takes oath as Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu.
September 28 (Sunday): Stray incidents of violence reported across Tamil Nadu
19:11: In Ooty a group of supporters burnt an effigy of DMK leader M.Karunanidhi opposite the municipal market,pulled down banners and hoardings of the DMK and staged road blockade agitations in busy areas like Charing Cross,Garden Road and the Coffee House junction.
In Coonoor, Gudalur, Kotagiri, Pandhalur and Manjoor also normal life was hit with most of the commercial establishments remaining closed.
18:37: Since buses have been suspended in many districts, share-autorickshaws are charging as much as Rs. 100 for a short distance of 5 km
Thanks to heavy police presence, no major problems have been reported in southern districts.
There is huge rush for trains in southern districts. Commuters heading to Chennai are lining up in Tirunelveli and Kanyakumari junctions.
Candidates appearing for TNPSC exams tomorrow in Chennai are anxious to know if the exams will be go on as scheduled.
Shops and establishments have not opened as a precautionary measure in many towns in this region. The Theni district administration has ordered closure of TASMAC outlets.
18:00 On Jayalalithaa's political future: She is disqualified from contest for the period of imprisonment (four years) and six years thereafter. A total of 10years. At the same time, she has the right of appeal. At the time of appeal, the sentence is usually suspended, but in rare, very rare cases, the court may grant stay of conviction. In such a situation, it may be argued that by getting a stay on conviction she has re-acquired the qualification to contest. In the event of there being no such stay, but only an order suspending the sentence and granting bail, she may be unable to contest until the High Court gives its final verdict on her appeal. If and when she re-acquires eligibility to contest, she has to come into the Assembly only through a by-election.
17:56: Shops remained closed at Ariyalur and towns such as Thirumanur, Jayamkondam, Andimandam and T.Pazhur in Ariylaur district. There was stone-pelting between the AIADMK and DMK cadres at Senthurai in which two persons were injured. Bus services remained suspended in most parts of the two districts.
.,17:55: Cadres of the AIADMK and the DMK pelted stones against each other after the former attacked the office of the former Union Minister A.Raja in Perambalur. The DMK cadres retaliated after some AIADMK supporters pelted stones at the office. AIADMK cadre also pulled down a 50-foot flag post of the DMK and damaged its base near Perambalur New Bus Stand. The party cadre also resorted to a road blockade near the bus stand for about 30 minutes and burnt effigies of DMK president M.Karunanidhi and BJP leader Subramanian Swamy. Shops remained closed in Perambalur and Veppanthattai.
17:01: Jayalalithaa has been sentenced to four years in jail and fined Rs. 100 crore; each of the other accused have been sentenced to four years in jail and fined Rs. 10 crore. Read full report
16:53: Verdict in Jayalalithaa case comes as a rude shock to the ruling AIADMK, casting a doubt over the 66-year-old leader’s political future ahead of the 2016 Assembly polls. Read more
Jayalalithaa has earned the dubious distinction of becoming the first Chief Minister in the country to be found guilty under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
16:42: Situation near Bangalore Court: A bus full of AIADMK party workers taken out of Parappana Aagrahara by the police.
Prohibitory orders in Parappana Agrahara extended from 1 km radius of the court to 5 km now.
People huddled in groups are being chased away
The HinduThe remains of a bus which was set on fire following violence which erupted in the wake of the verdict against Jayalalithaa, at Kammalapalayam in Kancheepuram district on Saturday. Photo: D. Gopalakrishnan
(The remains of a bus which was set on fire following violence which erupted in the wake of the verdict against Jayalalithaa, at Kammalapalayam in Kancheepuram district on Saturday. Photo: D. Gopalakrishnan)
16:04 Report from Bangalore: The crowd waiting near the Special Court on Hosur road is dispersing and the movement of traffic on the busy national highway is also smooth.
Meanwhile, the police have beefed up security around the court, awaiting the quantum of sentence.
T. Selvan, who came from Coimbatore this morning by train said he was disappointed. He said he is leaving to railway station to catch the train back home.
Many others are waiting to know the sentence that will be known shortly.
15.41: DMK supporters, wielding sticks and iron bars, guard Karunanidhi’s home
15.28: All roads leading to Mr. Karunanidhi's Gopalapuram residence have been cordoned off. A group of AIADMK cadre are still arguing with the policemen on security duty accusing them of conniving with the DMK leader.
15.25: In Coimbatore, AIADMK supporters march from the party office "Idhaya Deivam Maaligai" on Huzur across to Avanashi Road hardly 500m away raising slogans against the DMK and Karunanidhi. The procession ended in violence and even as the cadre started attacking the vehicles, the police intervened and diverted traffic. However, the cadre continued to resort to a road blockade.
Police diverted traffic off Avanashi Road and the entire otherwise busy stretch wore a deserted look. By 2.30 p.m., there were reports of the AIADMK cadre forcing shop keepers to down shutters across the city and rural areas.
The city and peripheral areas wore a deserted look with closed shops and empty streets by 3 p.m., even before the court was about to pronounce the quantum of sentence.
Effigies of Mr. Karunanidhi and DMK General Secretary K. Anbazhagan was reported on Avanashi Road, Pollachi and Karumbukkadai. A self-immolation bid was also reported from Palladam in the neighbouring Tirupur district. Bus services started thinning down as a matter of precaution.
As a matter of precaution, the DMK party office on Cross Cut Road in Coimbatore was closed by 3.15 p.m. and the AIADMK party office saw cadre with emotions running high resulting in slogan shouting.
15.13: Jayalalithaa convicted, what next? Can she appeal? Or is this it? Who becomes next CM now? Read here
15.11: AIADMK supporters try to storm into DMK president M. Karunanidhi's Gopalapuram residence in Chennai. Pelt stones, a fight breaks out between the two party men. A DMK supporter sustains bleeding injuries. Full report
15.08: Chennai Connect @ChennaiConnect tweets: Effigy burning at Lloyds Rd where AIADMK office is situated.
Effigy burning at Lloyds Rd where AIADMK office is situated. pic.twitter.com/abnbVEkKZO
— Chennai Connect (@ChennaiConnect) September 27, 2014
15.04: Shops and commercial establishments have started closing down across central districts following the conviction of Jayalalaithaa. Shops have been closed in Thanjavur, Nagapattinam, Karur, Pudukottai and Perambalur.
15.03: At Puducherry, the Puducherry Road Transport Corporation has suspended its premier Volvo bus services to Chennai fearing violence in the wake of the Bangalore special court verdict holding Jayalalithaa guilty. The PRTC is adopting a wait and watch approach and will take a call on running long-haul Volvo buses scheduled later in the day and other regular services to destinations in Tamil Nadu according to the situation, an official said.
14.59: In Madurai.. the scene is a bit tense as reports of AIADMK cadres pelting stones in a few places are coming in. police have stepped up security near Subramanian Swamy's house in Madurai. TNSTC buses suspended to many southern districts from Madurai, but police say it's a precautionary step. Many shops around Meenakshi temple down shutters.
14:55: Minutes after AIADMK partymen burnt the effigy of DMK leader M. Karunanidhi on Saturday afternoon, the Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation halted its services from the main bus stand in Erode.
TNSTC sources said the buses have been halted following information that damage would be caused to the vehicles by agitating AIADMK partymen. "We have asked for protection from the police department to operate the buses in batches," a senior official said.
While the early morning bus to Mysore had completed the trip and returned, a few buses that departed in the late morning hours were stopped at the Tamil Nadu border at Kolinjur.
However, the Karnataka State Transport Corporation Bus had not operated its bus service to Erode since morning. In view of the tense situation, other vehicles bound for Tamil Nadu from Karnkataka have been stopped at Chamaraj Nagar district bordering Tamil Nadu, Superintendent of Police M.R. Sibi Chakravarthy said.
After burning the effigy, the AIADMK partymen squatted on the road and blocked the traffic for a while. Soon after, a posse of police personnel rushed to the main bus stand and defused the situation.
Madurai: There are reports that AIADMK cadres are indulging in pelting stones on buses across Madurai region comprising nine districts in south Tamil Nadu.
Shops and establishments have downed shutters. TASMAC outlets have closed. Buses on the long run have been suspended apprehending problems by miscreants.
14.50: Tense situation prevails at Jayalalithaa’s constituency Srirangam. A group of partymen go around the temple town asking shops to close down. Many shopkeepers down shutters voluntarily. Full report
The police were in small strength and were mutely watching the situation.
14:47: In Coimbatore, the AIADMK cadre marched from the party office "Idhaya Deivam Maaligai" situated on Huzur road towards Avanashi road, raising slogans against the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) and its leader M. Karunanidhi. The procession resulted in violence with the cadre attacking the vehicles. The police intervened and diverted the traffic. The cadres continued to resort to a road blockade.
By 2.30 p.m., there were reports of the AIADMK cadre forcing shop keepers to down shutters across the city and rural areas. The city and peripheral areas wore a deserted look with closed shops and empty streets by 3 p.m. Office goers began rushing home by 2.30 p.m. itself. Normal life was thrown out of gear.
There are reports from Avanashi Road, Pollachi and Karumbukkadai stating that the effigies of DMK leader M. Karunanidhi and General Secretary K. Anbazhagan were set on fire.
Incidents of self-immolation bids were reported from Coimbatore, Palladam and Tirupur.
Bus services have started thinning down. Bus stand at Gandhipuram witnessed hundreds of passengers waiting for hours together.
As a precautionary measure, the DMK party office on Cross Cut Road in Coimbatore was closed by 3.15 p.m. and the AIADMK party office saw cadre indulging slogan shouting.
In one attempt at Anna Statue on Avanashi Road, an AIADMK cadre who was setting ablaze an effigy suffered burn injuries and was rushed to the hospital.
14.40 : While the prosecution pressed for conviction, the accused sought a liberal approach due to their age. Section 13(2) and 13(1) (e) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988, under which she has been convicted attracts a minimum punishment of one year and a maximum sentence up to seven years.
14.35 : Jayalalithaa's aides, Sasikala, V.N. Sudhakaran and J. Ilavarasi have also been convicted under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 in the disproporrtionate assets case registered almost 18 years ago.
Judge John Michael Cunha pronounced the verdict at Gandhi Bhavan, in front of Bangalore Cenral Prison at Parappana Agrahara, where the court has been temporarily shifted for pronouncing the verdict in view of the Z+ security provided to Jayalalithaa.
14.15 : Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa convicted of all charges, SPP G. Bhavani Singh told The Hindu. Arguments on quantum of sentence will begin at 3 p.m., Mr. Singh said adding the prosecution will press for maximum sentence for the four accused including Jayalalithaa. Consequently, according to the Peoples Representation Act, Jayalalithaa would be disqualified as an MLA and will lose her Chief Minister position instantlly. As a pointer, the National Flag on her car was removed. Read here
13:10 : Even though the verdict is yet to come, the mood in the DMK camp is upbeat and hundreds of partymen have assembled outside M. Karunanidhi's Gopalapuram residence. They are celebrating.
12:39 : Police cane-charge AIADMK supporters who were trying to proceed towards the special court in Bangalore, PTI reports. As the AIADMK sympathisers attempted to break the security cordon at Hosur Road Junction near the Tamil Nadu-Karnataka border, police pushed them back with ‘mild’ cane-charge.
12: 03 p.m: Premature celebrations at AIADMK HQ as supporters burst fireworks. There isn't any security in place.
11: 50 a.m: Lawyers emerging from the court say the verdict has been postponed to 1 p.m.
Chennai Mayor Saidai Duraisami and Power Minister Natham Vishwanathan pacing around outside the court complex.
11: 39 a.m: Police resort to mild lathicharge against surging AIADMK supporters.
11: 28 a.m: A refresher about the case and a timeline of events as we wait for the judgment. Read here
We have a series of questions coming in from our readers, our experts are answering them here :
Q : Do you think DMK will gain political mileage if the verdict goes against Jaya.
Yes. The DMK will gain political mileage, more so in the 2016 Assembly elections
Q: Can Jayalalithaa put a case on DMK if she wins today?
A: For malicious prosecution? No, because it is the State which is prosecuting her. In her private capacity, she is free to file any case against anybody, but not through the government.
Q from @bhushan_tweets: What does exactly the sec 8(4) of Representation of the People Act say? How is it helping the politicians?
A: The section is no more valid. It has been declared unconstitutional by the Supreme Court. It was earlier used to protect sitting MLAs and MPs. It said when an MLA or MP is convicted while in office, the disqualification normally applicable to others will be deferred for three months. If an appeal is filed in the meantime, the disqualification is automatically stayed. This helped them continue in office without obtaining a favourable order on appeal.
Q: Who becomes next CM if Ms. Jayalaithaa gets convicted?
A: It's anybody's guess. There are many names doing the rounds. Finance Minister O.Panneerselvam, who on a similar occasion earlier became Chief Minister, and Visalakshi Nedunchezhian top the list.
Q: If convicted, can she appeal? Or is this it?
A: She has the right to appeal. This is only a Special Court.
As we wait for the judgement do head over to our live chat with our in-house experts to clarify all your questions on the case.
10: 50 a.m: A large number of AIADMK supporters arrive in Bangalore.
10: 40 a.m: Five Ministers whose vehicles were stuck in a traffic jam are walking towards the venue : O. Paneerselvam, Power Minister Nattam Vishwanatham, Housing board Minister Vaidyalingam, Highways Minister Yedapadi Palaniswamy, Rural Development Minister Pa. Mohan
10: 38 a.m: Chief Minister Jayalalithaa arrives at the Bangalore Court complex clad in a green saree, considered lucky for her. With her were close aide Sasikala, VN Sudhakaran and J Ilavarasi.
10: 36 a.m: Traffic movement has been stopped on Hosur Road.
10: 30 a.m: Jayalalithaa to arrive in a few minutes to Parapana Agrahara. Anxiety high among followers as the police make arrangements with alternative route.
#AIADMK cadre at the party headquarters in Chennai gather, raising slogans praising their leader. pic.twitter.com/S2ZnN1GS3Q
— Chennai Connect (@ChennaiConnect) September 27, 2014
10: 25 a.m: Chief Minister Jayalalithaa on her way to the Special Court in Gandhi Bhavan at Parapana Agrahara, police sources say.
10: 07 a.m: Most AIADMK big-wigs take position 20 metres away from court with VVIP passes. Rajya Sabha MP Navaneethakrishnan waves to the media.
If convicted, Jayalalithaa will face immediate disqualification as Member of the Legislative Assembly and will have to relinquish office.
If acquitted, it will free her of all charges, further reinforcing her claim that the case was based on rival DMK's political vendetta.
9:59 a.m: Meanwhile, the AIADMK headquarters in Chennai wears a deserted look.
9:50 a.m: Judge John Michael Cunha arrives at Parapana Agrahara with full security.
Man of the moment: Judge John Michael Cunha: Read
9:40 a.m: All cameras are set for the big verdict. Chief Minister Jayalalithaa is expected here after 10:30 a.m.
9.33 am: Several leaders and supporters of AIADMK gathered on Hosur Road to welcome Jayalalithaa leading to huge traffic jam on roads leading to Special Court venue.
9:24 a.m: All shops near the Bangalore Court have been shut today.
9.24 a.m.: The AIADMK's Karnataka State Unit president Pugazhandi has put out a series of banners and posters from Outer Ring Road junction leading to the venue of Special Court near Central Prison at Parappana Agrahara. All shops forced shut near court
9.15 a.m.: AIADMK workers bring traffic to a standstill on Hosur Road en route court complex
All eyes at the Parappana Agrahara prison complex, where the judgment is set to be pronounced: Read
9:10 a.m: Jayalalithaa has reached Chennai airport and is to fly to Bangalore shortly
Helipad being readied in Bangalore ahead of Ms. Jayalalithaa's landing.
9.07 a.m.: TN Minister B.V. Ramana left for the court complex
8.45 a.m: AIADMK workers flood Bangalore with posters of Amma. A taste of Chennai in Bangalore?
8: 30 a.m: Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa left her Poes Garden residence in Chennai. Expected to reach airport at 9 am and take special aircraft to Bangalore. Read here
Silver articles and gold ornaments found at Ms. Jayalalithaa's residence in 1997. The Hindu Archives
All you need to know about the case today: Timeline of events and more. Read here
An epic trial that witnessed a see-saw battle for 18 years reaches its climax today. The case against her is that she acquired wealth worth Rs. 66.65 crore during her stint as Chief Minister between 1991 and 1996, and that she was abetted in this by her aide Ms. Sasikala and two of her relatives, V.N. Sudhakaran (Ms. Jayalalithaa’s former foster son) and J. Ilavarasi. The defence has argued that there was no evidence to show that three of them were ‘benamis’ of Ms. Jayalalithaa and that all four have accounted for their assets through legitimate means.
Follow this space for live updates.

DA case not the first  Jayalalithaa has fought over a dozen moreTamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa.
Press Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: September 27, 2014 3:55 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 4:06 pm
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa , convicted on Saturday by a Bangalore special court in a disproportionate assets case, had fought more than a dozen cases and was acquitted in most of them.
On September 21, 2001, Jayalalithaa had to step down as Chief Minister following a Supreme Court verdict which struck down her appointment by the then Governor M Fathima Beevi as she then faced conviction in the TANSI land deal case.
The conviction attracted provisions of the Representation of the People Act which disqualified her from contesting elections.
The sentencing in the TANSI land deal case by a Chennai special court on October 9, 2000 barred her from contesting election in 2001 though she was later acquitted by the Madras High Court, a verdict upheld by the Supereme Court in November 2003.
The Chennai Special court had sentenced Jayalalithaa and her aide Sasikalaa to three years imprisonment in Jaya Publications case and two years in Sasi Enterprises case both linked to the TANSI land deal.
Subsequently, when she filed papers to contest from four constituencies including Andipatti in the 2001 assembly polls all of them were rejected.
The rejections were used effectively by the AIADMK during the poll campaign, and the party returned to power winning 132 of the 140 seats it contested.
Later, when she was appointed Chief Minister on May 14, 2001 by then Governor Fathima Beevi, the issue went to the Supreme Court and she had to step down.
Of the 14 cases filed against her during the DMK’s 1996-2001 regime, AIADMK chief Jayalalitha was acquitted in several of them like the TANSI case.
In the Pleasant stay hotel case, she was acquitted by the Madras High Court on December 4, 2001.
The case was linked to alleged clearance by Jayalalitha for the construction of a hotel in ecologically important Kodaikanal by flouting government rules.
A special court had convicted her on February 2, 2000 and sentenced her to two separate one-year imprisonments running concurrently in the case.
She was also acquitted in the colour TV case. Interestingly, she was arrested based in this case after she lost power in 1996.
On May 30, 2000, a special court acquitted her and the Madras High Court dismissed an appeal and upheld the acquittal on August 21, 2009.
In the Rs.28.28 crore Spic disinvestment case, she was acquitted on January 23, 2004 by a special court.
In the Coal import deal case, she was dishcarged by a special court in 1999 which was upheld by Madras High Court.
On appeal, the Supreme Court rejected her discharge and ordered a retrial. On December 27, 2001, a special court acquitted her again.
While the London hotels case was withdrawn continued…

Nitish Rane  Rahul Thakre in Cong’s last list for MaharashtraPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 27, 2014 3:55 pm
Rahul Thakre and Nitesh Rane, sons of Maharashtra PCC Chief Manikrao Thakre and state campaign chief Narayan Rane, figure in the third and final list of 26 Congress candidates for the Assembly polls released this afternoon.
While Rahul has been made the nominee from Yavatmal in Vidarbha, Nitesh is the candidate from Kankavli in Konkan region.
Kunal Patil, son of former Minister Rohidas Patil, has replaced his father from Dhule Rural constituency while another former Minister Chandrakant Shivarkar has come in place of Kamlatai Behere from Hadapasar in Pune city.
With this list, Congress has named candidates for 287 of the 288 seats in the state. It means the party has given up plans to align with like minded parties like Samajwadi Party in the wake of the parting of ways by Sharad Pawar’s Nationalist Congress Party.
Late Friday night, the party has come out with the second list of 143 candidates.

Asian Games 2014: Abhishek Verma settles for silver in men’s individual compound archeryAbhisek Varma was in action earlier in the team compound event where India won a historic gold. (Source: AP File)
Press Trust of India | Incheon | Posted: September 27, 2014 3:43 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 3:53 pm
In what turned out to be a fruitful day for the Indian archers in the 17th Asian Games, Abhishek Verma settled for a silver after going down to Esmaeil Ebadi of Iran in the compound men’s individual gold medal match here today.
Verma was beaten by his Iranian opponent by a narrow 141-145 margin at the Gyeyang Asiad Archery Field here. While Ebadi had shot 10 perfect 10s to his credit, the Indian had scored just eight.
The Indian archer was always playing a catching up game in the finals, as he had 112 points at the end of the fourth round, as against 115 points of his opponent.
In the fifth and final round, the Iranian shot three perfect 10s, leaving the Indian no chance of making a comeback.

Nitish Rane  Rahul Thakre in Cong s last list for MaharashtraPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 27, 2014 3:55 pm
Rahul Thakre and Nitesh Rane, sons of Maharashtra PCC Chief Manikrao Thakre and state campaign chief Narayan Rane, figure in the third and final list of 26 Congress candidates for the Assembly polls released this afternoon.
While Rahul has been made the nominee from Yavatmal in Vidarbha, Nitesh is the candidate from Kankavli in Konkan region.
Kunal Patil, son of former Minister Rohidas Patil, has replaced his father from Dhule Rural constituency while another former Minister Chandrakant Shivarkar has come in place of Kamlatai Behere from Hadapasar in Pune city.
With this list, Congress has named candidates for 287 of the 288 seats in the state. It means the party has given up plans to align with like minded parties like Samajwadi Party in the wake of the parting of ways by Sharad Pawar’s Nationalist Congress Party.
Late Friday night, the party has come out with the second list of 143 candidates.

Jeeva: This willow winsCast: Vishnu Vishal, Sri Divya, Lakshman, Jeeva Ravi, Soori
Storyline:A young boy dreams of becoming a cricketer. Does he succeed?
Bottomline:Between a boundary and a sixer
The movie is packed with slice-of-life moments — like standing in a sports shop looking yearningly at everything even when it’s just a five-rupee rubber ball you want! When Jeeva’s best friend Ranjith (Lakshman) takes a body blow in his career and his mother hears of it, she silently lies down next to him, patting him in consolation. When Jeeva finally makes it, he doesn't laugh but does the only thing he knows — runs around the field, fists pumping the air, tears coursing down his face.
Santhosh’s dialogues are crisp and meaningful. On the field, you feel every drop of sweat, every disappointment, exhilaration and moment of levity (thanks to Soori) because the actors have given their all. It helps that both Vishnu and Lakshman are cricketers in real life too.
Adhithya, who plays the young Jeeva, endears himself with his mischievous eyes. Vishnu is one of those rare young actors who can slip into character without a care for the camera. Sri Divya (Varuthapadatha Vaalibar Sangam) is in fine form. Charlie shines as the father-figure; wonder why Tamil cinema has utilised him so sparingly. Ruben’s editing is top-class, especially the scene where Jeeva scores a century and the next shot pans in to his math marks: 7/100!
Just one question: given this lovely script, why did Suseenthiran insert speedbreakers like the ‘bar’ dance and a second duet? Despite that, towards the climax, the audience cheers every ball that flies into the stands, despite knowing it’s just a film. And that is Jeeva’s success.

Why will jump to 1000. any logicCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

In the last week when the market was weak  subex showed a lot of resil...Gold Member
133 Followers
In the last week when the market was weak, Subex showed a lot of resilience nd good volumes. There are definitely big buyers who continue to buy and hence there is a confidence among investors.
4.37 PM Sep 27th  | Track

Vicky  i am really confused .in their report for 2013-14 fy  directors...30-05-14
---------
1. Given consent for initiating and finalizing the Corrective Action Plan (CAP) in accordance with RBI Guidelines dated 26 February 2014 for Special Mention Account (SMA) for the Total Debt of the Company by the Joint Lenders Forum (JLF) representing all the Working Capital Bankers, Term Lenders and NCD Holders.
2. Accepted the Resignation of Sanjay Jhunjhunwala, the chairman and Director of the Company, who has offered his resignation with immediate effects, form Directorship and Chairmanship of the Company.
3. Elected Sandip Jhunjhunwala, Managing Director of the Company as the Chairman of the Board of Directors.
16-06-14
--------
Bankers said the case has been just referred to CDR after the formation of a joint lenders` forum (JLF), but added that the account could be discussed at the June-end meeting of the CDR cell.
The JLF was held on May 7, wherein the company was asked to present a revival plan. However, on May 10, Kolkata-based United Bank of India filed a winding-up petition against the company in the Calcutta High Court.
24-06-14
--------
AS required by the SMA guidelines, our lenders consortium has formed a Joint Lenders forum(JLF) led by UCO Bank and signed a Joint Lender Forum Agreement (JLF Agreement) on 24.06.2014 and asked the Company to present a Revival Plan including the detailed Corrective Action Plan (CAP) and also formed a steering Committee of the Lender banks to guide the way forward.
14-08-14
--------
Directors and CS finalized the Annual report on this date when board meeting for Q1 result was held.
2.31 PM Sep 28th

Why you think the investors who are losing is innocent what stopped t...New Member
0 Follower
Infrastructure firm NCC today said that it will open its Rs 600 crore rights issue on September 29 and close on October 17, reported media. According to NCC`s offer document filed with market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), the company will issue 29.93 crore equity shares of face value of Rs 2 each at Rs 20 per share aggregating to Rs 598.70 crore on rights basis. The ratio of allotment would be 7:6 (seven shares on rights basis for every six shares held). The issue would be offered at Rs 20 per share (including a share premium of Rs 18 per share). In a rights issue, shares are issued to existing investors as per their holding at a pre-determined price and ratio. ICICI Securities and SBI Capital Markets are lead managers to the issue.Infrastructure firm NCC today said that it will open its Rs 600 crore rights issue on September 29 and close on October 17, reported media.
11.40 PM Sep 25th

Dasara dolls on display at Bangalore airportDasara dolls on display at Bangalore airport
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, Sept 27:  
To soak in the spirit of Dasara festivities, Bangalore International Airport Ltd (BIAL) employees have installed heritage Dasara gombe (dolls) at the Terminal Kerbside.
The employees took it upon themselves to celebrate the centuries old tradition of display of gombe during the Dasara season.
Travellers can view the dolls displayed on a stepped platform with nine tiers, signifying the duration of the festival.
The Dasara gombe will be on display at the Terminal Kerb until October 4. “This initiative is part of the airport’s commitment to preserving the culture and craftsmanship of the region,” said a BIAL spokesperson.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

Security beefed up at DMK office  leaders residencesSecurity beefed up at DMK office, leaders’ residences
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Sept 27:  
Security has been increased at the DMK headquarters and residences of its senior leaders here as a Special Court in Bangalore is set to deliver its verdict in the 18-year-old wealth case against Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa today.
On a request from the DMK, security had been increased at Anna Arivalayam, the headquarters of the DMK, two residences of former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister and DMK President M Karunanidhi, and the residence of K Anbazhagan, the party’s General Secretary, police said.
It was on Anbazhagan’s petition that the case was transferred to Bangalore by the Supreme Court.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

Jayalalithaa in Bangalore for crucial court verdictJayalalithaa in Bangalore for crucial court verdict
PTI
Tweet
Tamil Nadu Cheif Minister J. Jayalalithaa
The Hindu Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J.Jayalalithaa sets off for Bangalore to appear in a special court for the verdict in the disproportionate assets case, early on Saturday morning. -- S.R. Raghunathan
K_BHAGYA PRAKASH The court hall in Bangalore where Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J. Jayalalithaa will appear for the final verdict in the Rs 66-crore disproportionate assets case. -- K. Bhagya Prakash
Bangalore, Sept 27:  
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J. Jayalalithaa arrived in Bangalore this morning to appear in a special court which is set to pronounce the verdict in an 18-year-old disproportionate assets case against her that could have far reaching implications for her Government.
The AIADMK chief touched down at the HAL airport in a special aircraft along with the other accused — her close aide Sasikala Natarajan and Ilavarasi, the latter’s relative, and headed for the court by road.
Sasikala’s nephew and Jayalalithaa’s disowned foster son Sudhakaran, is the fourth accused in the case in which the Tamil Nadu Chief Minister has been charged with accumulating Rs 66.65 crore wealth disproportionate to her known sources of income from 1991-96 in her first term in office.
The verdict will be delivered at the makeshift court at Parappana Agrahara prison complex. A 1-km-area around it has been turned into a fortress with massive deployment of security personnel.
Police are also closely checking vehicles with Tamil Nadu registration at the check post at Attibeli on the border.
AIADMK supporters had gathered at the border but were stopped by police, who have been deployed in strength.
Special Court Judge John Michael D’Cunha had directed all the accused to be present in his court on judgement day.
Several Tamil Nadu Ministers are already in Bangalore.
Platoons of the Karnataka State Reserve Police, the city Armed Reserve and the Rapid Action Force are stationed near the court, besides hundreds of police personnel, including those in plain clothes, police said.
Prohibitory orders have been clamped in and around the Parappana Agrahara prison complex.
The Rs 66.65-crore assets case dates back to Jayalalithaa’s first term as Chief Minister from 1991 to 1996. It was filed before a special court in Chennai in 1997 by Tamil Nadu’s Department of Vigilance and Anti Corruption (DVAC).
The case was transferred to Bangalore’s Special Court in 2003 by the Supreme Court on a petition filed by DMK leader K Anbazhagan, who had expressed doubts over the conduct of a fair trial with Jayalalithaa as Chief Minister.
Jayalalithaa, who has waged many legal battles and seen several ups and downs in her political career, had to quit as the Chief Minister immediately after her swearing in 2001 following the Supreme Court declaring null and void the action of the then Governor, Fatima Beevi, appointing her as Chief Minister as she had been sentenced to two years' rigorous imprisonment in a corruption case.
O Paneerselvan, a junior Minister in her Council of Ministers, was appointed Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu.
By 2002, she was cleared of all charges and sworn in again as the Chief Minister.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

Indias 100 richest are all billionaires; Mukesh Ambani topsIndia’s 100 richest are all billionaires; Mukesh Ambani tops
PTI
Reuters With a net worth of US $ 23.6 billion, up US $2.6 billion from last year, RIL Chief Mukesh Ambani topped the list for the eighth consecutive year.
Singapore, Sept 25:  
For the first time, the 100 richest tycoons in India are all billionaires with Mukesh Ambani topping the league for the eighth consecutive year, according to Forbes.
With a net worth of US $ 23.6 billion, up US $ 2.6 billion from last year, RIL Chief Mukesh Ambani topped the list for the eighth consecutive year.
Ambani was followed by Dilip Shanghvi, who got richer this year by US $ 4.1 billion. Shanghvi is the new No. 2, after he displaced steel baron Lakshmi Mittal (US $15.8 billion), who slipped to the fifth place.
Wipro’s Azim Premji moved up one notch to the number three position as his net wealth increased to US $ 16.4 billion from US $ 13.8 billion previously. Pallonji Mistry, patriarch of construction giant Shapoorji Pallonji Group which is the biggest shareholder in Tata Sons with a new worth of US $ 15.9 billion, was placed in the fourth place.
Forbes said that “good days are here” for the India’s 100 Richest, as the top 100 richest Indians are all billionaires with combined wealth of US $ 346 billion, up more than a third from US $ 259 billion in 2013.
Propelled by the euphoria after the Bharatiya Janata Party’s landslide victory in May, the stock market has gained 28 per cent since January, driving the net-worth of the uber-rich people in India.
The biggest dollar gainer is ports magnate Gautam Adani, who jumped 11 spots to 11th rank in the list, adding nearly US $ 4.5 billion to his wealth which reached US $ 7.1 billion on soaring share prices.
“Shares of Adani’s companies started soaring ahead of the elections on hopes of a BJP victory. The gains added close to US $ 4.5 billion to his wealth, more than anyone else,” Forbes said.
Others in the top 10 include NRI businessmen Hinduja Brothers who were at the sixth position with a net worth of US $ 13.3 billion, followed by Shiv Nadar (7th, US $ 12.5 billion), Godrej family (8th, US $ 11.6 billion), Kumar Birla (9th, US $ 9.2 billion) and Sunil Mittal & family (10th, US $ 7.8 billion).
As many as 85 of the 89 who returned to the top 100 from last year are wealthier, and several are billionaires for the first time.
Among them are Qimat Rai Gupta (ranked 48, net worth US $ 1.95 billion), Chairman of Havells; V G Siddhartha (75, US $ 1.27 billion), founder of the Cafe Coffee Day chain; and brothers Harsh Goenka (82, U $ 1.18 billion) and Sanjiv Goenka (69, US $ 1.4 billion), who run their independent empires and are listed separately.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

US rights body offers $10K bounty for serving summons to ModiUS civil rights body offers $10,000 bounty for serving summons to PM Narendra Modi
PTI | New York | Published:  Sep 27 2014, 07:40  IST
Sep 27 2014, 07:40  IST
 

In PM Narendra Modis absence  Rajnath Singh takes chargeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India BSE  Bank of New York Mellon to ease foreign investment rulesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India s Hindalco gains on value buyingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Tiger kills youth who jumped inside its enclosure at Delhi zooTiger kills youth who jumped inside its enclosure at Delhi zoo
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 23, 2014
First Published: 14:47 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 08:51 IST(25/9/2014)
A white tiger attacked and killed a young man who appeared to have jumped over a barricade into an enclosure at the Delhi zoo on Tuesday, officials said.
White tiger at Delhi zoo corners a boy before killing him. (PTI Photo)
Witnesses said the tiger grabbed the young man by the neck as horrified onlookers at the National Zoological Park near Sundar Nagar screamed and threw sticks and stones to try and save him.
Television footage showed the frightened man crouching against a wall as the tiger stared into his face.
One witness said he raced to the enclosure after hearing screams to see the victim locked in the tiger's jaws, “writhing badly in pain”.
Read: Crocodile attacks man at Bhopal's Kaliasot dam
The deceased was identified as Maqsood, a factory worker and resident of central Delhi’s Anand Parbat. His parents said the 19-year-old was mentally ill and addicted to bhang.
Despite repeated warnings that he shouldn't get too close to the outdoor enclosure, Maqsood eventually climbed over a knee-high fence, through some small hedges, then jumped down 18 feet into a protective moat, said zoo director Amitabh Agnihotri.
The enclosed space is separated from visitors by a concrete ditch, with shrubs on the tiger’s side followed by a two-foot railing.
Read: He told me he’d be back for dinner, says mother
Raw Video: 'Mar gaya", onlooker's chilling remark as tiger mauls youth in Delhi zoo
Authorities eventually frightened the tiger into a small cage inside the enclosure. Maqsood, whose body remained in the outdoor enclosure two hours after the attack, was dead by the time help reached him.
“The tiger was just being a tiger," said Belinda Wright, who has spent years working to protect India's dwindling numbers of wild tigers. "An unusual object fell into his domain. ... He's a wild animal in captivity. It is certainly not the tiger's fault.”
The zoo did have tranquiliser guns, said manager Riaz Khan. “But by the time we could arrange them, the man was dead.”
 
The zoo authorities have been booked for causing death by negligence, police said.
Six years ago an inebriated man fell into a lioness’ enclosure but the big cat spared his life, zoo officials said.
India is home to 1,706 Royal Bengal tigers and fewer than 100 white tigers, according to the last census in 2011. All the white tigers are in captivity.
(With agency inputs)

From Mars  with loveUpdated: September 25, 2014 15:14 IST
From Mars, with love
Tweet
ISRO The first image of Mars from ISRO's Mars Orbiter. The Orbiter tweeted the photo saying: "The view is nice up here."
ISRO The first image of Mars from ISRO's Mars Orbiter. The Orbiter tweeted the photo saying: "The view is nice up here."
SLIDESHOW

Weekly roundup: Stocks remain under pressureRahul Oberoi      Follow @iamrahuloberoi    Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 20:13 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Bears dominated equity markets this week as both the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex and the National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty fell 1.4%. The Sensex opened the week at 27,008 on September 22, went up to 27,256 the next day, but stayed below this level on the remaining days of the week. It ended the week at 26,623 , down 426 points from the previous week's close of 27,090.
Similarly, the Nifty opened the week at 8,084 points, touched a high of 8,159.90 on the same day, but remained below these levels throughout the week. On Friday, it closed at 7,968, down 152 points from the previous week's close.
Rakesh Goyal, senior vice president, Bonanza Portfolio, says, "The index started the week on a positive note. However, global cues, profit-booking and the Supreme Court's decision on coal blocks led to selling." The Supreme Court has declared all coal block allocations, except a few, since 1993 as arbitrary and illegal.
Among sector indices , the S&P BSE Realty index tanked the most. It fell 8.21% and was at 1,628.49 on September 26 as against the previous 's week close of 1,774. It was followed by the BSE Capital Goods index (4.60%), BSE Metals index (4.11%), BSE Power index (4%) and BSE Bankex (3.35%). FMCG was the only sector index that rose. It jumped 2.29% during the week to 7,652. Foreign institutional investors sold shares worth Rs 1,462 crore. Domestic institutional investors bought shares worth Rs 1,160 crore.
About the coming week, Goel says, "The prime minister's visit to the US, along with global cues, can boost sentiment by throwing light on the future of economic and other reforms." In the BSE 100 index, Tech Mahindra, Hindustan Unilever, Dr Reddys Laboratories, HCL Technologies, IndusInd Bank, Tata Motors, Titan Company, TCS and Bajaj Auto shares touched life-time highs during the week.
On Friday, after being under pressure for most of the day, the markets rose after S&P raised India's credit outlook from negative to stable.
Vinod Nair, head, fundamental research, Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services, says, "This is a good time to buy equities as we continue to believe that the India story will improve over the next six-nine months. But we will be in a higher risk zone as global factors such as correction in commodity prices and risk of higher dollar cost of liquidity will play out in the medium term rather than the short term.
If the economy continues to improve, margins will expand for India Inc, led by lower crude oil and commodity prices. Valuations, too, continue to be compelling."
In the coming week, the Reserve Bank of India's monetary policy on September 30 will be a key trigger for stock markets.

Jayalalithaa found guilty of corruption  will have to resign as Tamil Nadu CMFE editor's picks
Jayalalithaa found guilty in disproportionate assets case; verdict assigns 4-year jail term, fine of Rs 100 crore
PTI | Bangalore | Updated:  Sep 27 2014, 22:09  IST
Sep 27 2014, 22:09  IST
 

Microsoft set to unveil new name  first look of  Windows 9E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Xiaomi raises Mi 3  Redmi sales goals in India to 1 lakh per week in festival seasonXiaomi chartering planes to bring Mi 3, Redmi smartphones to meet Diwali season demands in India
Reuters | Mumbai | Updated:  Sep 27 2014, 17:02  IST
Sep 27 2014, 17:02  IST
 

Producers demand Rs. 32 crores for Sunny Leone s  Mastizaade Said to be a sex comedy, Mastizaade in addition to Sunny Leone, will also feature Tusshar Kapoor and Vir Das.
BollywoodHungama.com | Mumbai | Posted: September 26, 2014 4:48 pm
Sunny Leone’s next film Mastizaade, which the porn star turned actress recently started shooting for, has been in the news since it went on floor. Now we hear that the producers of the film, Pritish Nandy Communication, are planning on selling the distribution rights for a whopping Rs. 32 crores.
The sale comes as a surprise since Mastizaade that recently went on floor has completed only 15 days of shooting with a major part of the film yet to be shot. Interestingly though, while the makers have approached several big names in distribution and studios, they are yet to receive reverts. Talking about it, Rongita Nandy, says, “Yes we are looking out for distributors for the film, but I cannot talk about the price for the same. As for not receiving a revert, we are not so concerned since we are in no hurry to lock a distributor, as we are looking at releasing the film only in 2015. “
Said to be a sex comedy, Mastizaade in addition to Sunny Leone, will also feature Tusshar Kapoor and Vir Das. Written and directed by Milap Zaveri, the film is produced by Pritish Nandy.

Religare s top five stocks which can give good returns in one yearReligare's Jayant Manglik's top five stocks which can give good returns in next 12 months
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 27, 2014, 01.30PM IST
Tags:
Analyst
(The change in S&P rating…)
Friday's bounce back was a normal rebound in the market after three successive sessions of decline and the overall bias would remain on the negative side till the time Nifty sustains below 8,050, says Jayant Manglik, President, Retail Distribution, Religare Securities Limited in an exclusive interview with Kshitij Anand of EconomicTimes.com .
Q) S&P has upgraded its outlook on India from negative to stable. What does it mean for the Indian markets?
It shows increased confidence by an independent agency which will positively affect India's business image and lead to increased fund inflows.
The change in rating indicates amplified conviction in the government's intent and ability to make changes for growth.
It also implies belief that budgeted fiscal targets are more likely to be met. Interestingly, it will further boost the government's self-confidence in the measures it has taken and planned.
Investor confidence will move up a notch along with the rating and this essentially means money waiting on the sidelines will now come into India.
Q) Indian markets bounced back post the S&P outlook upgrade. Does this mean that the short term bearish trend has reversed?
We feel it is a normal rebound in the market after three successive declining sessions and the overall bias would remain on the negative side till the Nifty sustains below 8050.
Currently, excessive volatility is the key issue for the participants and it would remain so in the coming week. In such a situation, it's advisable to keep a check on your position sizing to avoid unmanageable losses.
Besides, give preference to low beta counters or defensive sectors like FMCG and pharma for trading activities.
Q) Give us five stock ideas that you are still liking and recommending to your clients? (With time period, target price and rationale)
Investment period is one year for all investments.
Crompton Greaves: Target 245
Crompton Greaves, with its plans for demerging and listing its consumer products business, will do well. It is doing well in its engines supply business.
ICICI Bank: Target: Rs 1700
ICICI Bank has always been a street favourite and has consistently delivered in terms of profitability and growth. It will be helped along with higher GDP growth, productivity gains, higher NIMs and better asset quality.
Lupin: Target: 1565
Lupin is the preferred choice in the pharma sector with 40% of its revenues coming from the US and a launch rate of 20 products a year. They also continue to expand to other countries and have a strong product pipeline'
M&M: Target: 1590
M&M is doing well in the tractor segment. It has aggressive product expansion plans.
Tata Global Beverages: Target: Rs 210
Tata Global Beverages Ltd. (TGBL) has a portfolio of brands in tea, coffee and water across 40 countries. It is focusing on expanding the range and strengthening the presence of its flagship brands i.e. Tetley, Tata Tea and Eight O'clock coffee. The joint ventures with PepsiCo and Starbucks open up potential markets.
Q) Where do you see the Indian markets (Sensex/Nifty) heading in the next 12 months (December and March 2015). How valuations stack up as compared to historic levels?
Our March 2015 target for the BSE Sensex continues to be 32,000. The Sensex is currently trading at 18.3 times its trailing earnings, which is a 13 per cent premium to its historical 20-year average trailing PE of 16.3 (x). On similar occasions earlier, the markets peaked at 24 times forward earnings. So there is still a lot of headroom for PE expansion. As always, a lot will depend on policy delivery and its effective implementation because expectations are high and must be met for sustained market growth
Q) What is your advice to investors who want to invest in blue chip stocks which have already rallied quite a bit so far in the year 2014? Should they wait for corrections or buy stocks in the mid and small cap segments. What makes more sense?
A good stock can be invested in at any time as long as the investment horizon is long-term. Bluechips should be part of every investor's portfolio and the best way to invest is a monthly systematic investment program.
A smaller part of the equity portfolio should be mid-caps but this is important because it reflects the India growth story. Some of these will certainly grow to be large-caps and even blue chips or part of Nifty, but this means continuous tracking and patience. Your financial advisor can help you design parameters to track towards this aim.
Getting into small-caps is always high-risk. Therefore, do it in a very limited quantity, understand the company well, do not go by market rumours and be ready to write off capital if things go wrong. This is a high-risk high-return strategy which can enhance portfolio returns when right but a smaller exposure to such stocks will keep the downside limited

U.S. stands by democracy in Pakistan: Joe Bideninternational relations
U.S. Vice President Joe Biden has affirmed that America stands by a democratic Pakistan and it will continue to support its growth and prosperity, the White House said after his meeting with the Pakistan’s Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
Mr. Biden met Mr. Sharif on Friday at the U.N. on the sidelines of the annual session of the U.N. General Assembly.
The meeting between the two leaders lasted for more than an hour — first along with a delegation and thereafter one-on-one.
During the meeting the leaders affirmed the enormous common interests that the U.S. and Pakistan share and the importance of continuing to combat terrorism together and expand trade and energy cooperation.
“The Vice President affirmed that America stands by a democratic Pakistan and will continue to support its growth and prosperity,” the White House said.
Mr. Biden and Mr. Sharif welcomed the agreement reached among Afghan leaders on a unity government and affirmed support for a sovereign Afghanistan and a stable and peaceful region.
Mr. Sharif updated Mr. Biden on Pakistan’s military operations in North Waziristan and affirmed their importance; the White House said adding that the leaders acknowledged that Pakistani civilians have suffered losses at the hands of violent extremists who exploit that area.

War against the Islamic StateUpdated: September 26, 2014 00:43 IST
War against the Islamic State
Talmiz Ahmad
conflict (general)
There can be no stability in West Asia without a Saudi-Iranian engagement, since Iran has to work with the Shia regimes in Syria and Iraq to shape accommodative and inclusive governments, while the Kingdom has to wean ‘moderate’ Sunnis away from the IS coalition
What a difference a few weeks can make in West Asia! Established foreign policy positions, touted as fundamental principles, have been overturned, nascent relationships are being reviewed and restructured, and new alliances put in place, all in an attempt to cope with this new menace in the neighbourhood — the Islamic State (IS).
The drama unfolded in early August when the much-vaunted Kurdish peshmerga abandoned Sinjar and other towns without a fight and retreated to defend their capital. With Arbil under threat and thousands of Yazidis displaced and facing genocide, the United States returned to the Iraqi battleground and in a month conducted over a hundred air attacks on IS forces.
And then began the beheadings: IS placed on social media the killings of western hostages, commencing on August 19 with freelance journalist James Foley , followed by Steven Sotloff , another journalist, on September 2, and then British aid worker David Haines on September 13. These grisly images swung U.S. opinion in favour of an expanded military role against IS, compelling the U.S. President Barack Obama to abandon his own principled stand against a U.S.-led war in West Asia. On September 10, Mr. Obama announced his decision “to degrade and ultimately destroy” the terrorist group . The U.S. then embarked on a diplomatic initiative to once again build a coalition for war against a chimerical enemy in Iraq and Syria.
Jeddah and beyond
The nations allied against the IS scourge met in Jeddah on September 11. The assembly consisted of the six Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) members, Jordan, Egypt, Lebanon, Turkey, Iraq and the U.S. The participants (excluding Turkey) agreed to apportion responsibility thus: (i) the U.S. would undertake air raids against IS which would go on from a few months to up to three years; and, (ii) the GCC countries would fund the conflict, while providing their airbases and air space. The ground fighting would be done in two parts: in Iraq, the Iraqi Army will be rehabilitated, armed and trained by U.S. “advisers” and would fight IS forces in alliance with the Kurdish peshmerga and “moderate” Sunnis. In Syria, an armed opposition of “moderate” elements would be trained in Saudi Arabia , Jordan and other Arab capitals.
Turkey said it would not participate in the air operations. It has two principal interests in Syria: regime change in Damascus and curbing the influence of Syrian Kurds who are affiliated with the PKK in Turkey. Both these interests are served by a strong IS and other Salafi militia with which it has had close ties during the Syrian insurgency. For similar reasons, the GCC countries would be reluctant to have a high profile ground combat role. Their concerns are of course more immediate in that attacks on IS would exacerbate their own exposure to home-grown jihadi elements.
There is widespread scepticism both about the rehabilitation of the Iraqi Army. Given that the Americans had spent over $25 billion in modernising the Iraqi Army, which had then collapsed before the IS attacks, it is hardly likely that an effective professional force can be built up in a few months time to combat IS.
Concerns relating to Syria are greater. Which are the “moderate” Syrian elements the GCC will be training? It cannot be the Free Syrian Army (FSA) which has hardly any territory under its control, has a reputation for corruption and ineptitude, and whose members frequently join jihadi militia. There are widespread concerns that the GCC countries may back the Salafi militia, funded by them for several years and consolidated into the formidable “Islamic Front” towards the end of 2013. Some western observers have suggested that the only effective non-jihadi group that can face the IS forces successfully is the Syrian Army; but, this would go against the GCC’s priority concern — regime change.
The military defeat of IS will be a daunting task. The distinguished commentator, Abdel Bari Atwan, has pooh-poohed the updated Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) estimates of 31,500 jihadi fighters in IS, saying that they are over 1,00,000, and growing. These include 2,200 Europeans, and another 3,000 Turks. Air power against this powerful force will not be enough; but, with no U.S. boots on the ground and no other regional power willing to risk terrestrial encounters, this is not a feasible option for now.
Strategic realignments
The U.S. military role in West Asia has overturned a number of strategic positions and alignments that were being shaped just a few months earlier, when IS had just emerged on the global scene. First, there had been strident voices demanding that the West review its policy of toppling the Syrian regime and instead make it a partner against IS. This has been firmly rejected by Saudi Arabia, which now has the U.S. as its partner in this endeavour.
Second, there are now serious doubts about Saudi-Iran ties moving in a positive direction. Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister, Amir Abdollahian, had visited Riyadh on August 25, when he had discussed Gaza, Syria and IS with his interlocutors. Observers had then seen “a new awakening” in West Asia. Now, with Saudi Arabia giving priority to regime change in Syria, this thaw seems to be in some difficulty. In fact, Iran’s Supreme Leader Khamenei, President Rouhani and Foreign Minister Zarif have all questioned the efficacy of a coalition against regional terrorism that excludes Iran and Syria. However, there are reports of discussions between the U.S. and Iran to shape an Iranian role, with the latter said to be seeking concessions on the nuclear issue in return, so far a no-go area for the U.S.
Third, the Jeddah conference marks the renewal of ties between the U.S. and Saudi Arabia. They had been estranged since early 2011 when Saudi Arabia blamed the U.S. for not preventing the fall of Mr. Hosni Mubarak, and later for the U.S.’s failure to bomb Syria to effect a regime change. Saudi fears were exacerbated by the bonhomie in U.S.-Iran ties in the context of the P5+1 talks on the nuclear issue. Now, Saudi Arabia has seized the opportunity to pull the U.S. away from the Iranian embrace and, as the U.S. prepares for one more battle in West Asia, assert the primacy of its own interests and regional perceptions.
Four, Egypt, though critically dependent on the GCC’s political and financial support, is reluctant to join the coalition, fearing that its principals have geopolitical interests on their agenda rather than a comprehensive war on terror. This has encouraged a nascent rapprochement between Iran and Egypt.
However, there can be no stability in West Asia without a Saudi-Iranian engagement, since Iran has to work with the Shia regimes in Syria and Iraq to shape accommodative and inclusive governments, while the Kingdom has to wean “moderate” Sunnis away from the IS coalition and make them part of the reformed polity. These daunting challenges are likely to be further complicated by the considerable support for IS among Gulf Arabs who see it as an effective force against Shia extremism and increasing Iranian influence across West Asia.
Root causes
The political and military mobilisations against IS at the Jeddah conference have evoked scepticism and even scorn from regional commentators. The Saudi writer, Tareq al-Maeena, has referred to it as “the coalition of the unwilling”; Abdel Bari Atwan has called it “the coalition of the terrified,” while a Turkish paper has referred to it as “the coalition of the unwilling and the apathetic.” Most see the war on IS as a pretext “to reconsolidate U.S. hegemony” and note that regardless of the success or failure of the enterprise, there will only be “Arabs fighting and killing other Arabs and Muslims.”
There are also more immediate fears: U.S. attacks will exacerbate anti-West sentiment across the region, particularly among the youth, who could move towards IS and other jihadi groups in droves when the bombings decimate their families on the ground, as had occurred earlier in Afghanistan and Iraq.
Amid the prospects of more war and carnage, the region’s thinkers search for the “root causes” of their malaise and find them in the absence of social justice, a vigorous public political space and effective domestic security capabilities. As Rami Khouri has noted, misgovernance and corruption spawn extremism but do not provide the states with the resources to combat it when it grows and expands. Regardless of the enemies these emerging coalitions and external interventions confront, the roots of the Arab malaise lie at home.
(Talmiz Ahmad is the former Indian Ambassador to Saudi Arabia, Oman and the UAE.)

Desi Kattey: Blank shotsSpecial Arrangement A still from Desi Kattey
TOPICS
Hindi cinema
India is known for its skilful shooters both in the ranges and the ravines. Director Anand Kumar, who has misfired at the box office for a number of times, this time hits the bull’s eye as far as the selection of subject is concerned. Gyani and Pali, two orphans grow in the crime belt of Eastern Uttar Pradesh to become sharpshooters under the tutelage of an astute gang lord-turned-politician (Ashutosh Rana).
Along the way, the boys get an opportunity to shoot for the country when an Army Major (Suniel Shetty) offers them to switch sides. Gyani lives upto his name while Pali decides not to shoot at cardboard targets. It is an interesting premise to play with but Kumar fails to fire our imagination and comes up with yet another hotchpotch after “Zilla Ghaziabad”.
For a large part, the movie seeks to glamourise crime with shoddy item songs and hollow dialoguebaazi where almost every other line begins with ‘abey’. The director seems to draw pleasure from showcasing kids showering bullets from country-made pistols and projecting women as objects of desire.
Desi Kattey
Genre: Crime/Drama
Cast: Jay Bhanushali, Akhil Kapur, Suniel Shetty, Ashutosh Rana, Tia Bajpai, Sasha Agha
After wasting a lot of time in sketching cardboard characters and provide more than a glimpse of regional politics which has lost its novelty when the narrative comes to the point the performers lack the wherewithal to convey the emotional conflict. It seems the director is addressing the wishes of Palis in the audience.
The action in the shooting range looks cosmetic. The coach seems more interested in turning Gyani into a muscular hunk rather than an international shooter. Perhaps Kumar hasn’t seen the likes of Narangs and Jungs. When the Major talks of concentration and listening to heart beat it sounds as easy as lifting a dumbbell.
Jay has a couple of expressions and newcomer Akhil Kapur has none. Playing the most important cog in the wheel as the cocky Pali, he proves to be weakest link. Tia Bajpai repeats herself as the girl trampled by male domination.
It is only Ashutosh Rana who gets the measure of his character. As the criminal-politician who has his heart in the right place he is the reason to sit through the otherwise excruciatingly painful two hours. India’s exploits in shooting deserves a better deal.
Bottomline: A hollow attempt to mash-up crime and sports, Desi Kattey misses the target by a margin

Modi to be conferred with honorary doctorate degree by US varsityModi to be conferred with honorary doctorate degree by US varsity
Rahul Wadke
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 25:  
In a move that will further enhance the image of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the international community, the Southern University System of Louisiana in United States has decided to confer an honorary doctorate degree for his work in the field of inclusive growth.
The announcement could add a new dimension to the India-US relationship especially in the context of Modi’s imminent visit to the Washington and other US cities.
Today morning, the University board met at 4.00 am (Indian time) at the Baton Rouge campus and finally approved the conferment.
Baton Rogue is the capital of Louisiana State and about 150 km from New Orleans. Governor of Louisiana, Bobby Jindal, who has Indian roots, was born in Baton Rogue.
Professor of Computer Science at the University, Sudhir K Trivedi, who has been spearheading the move for conferring the honorary degree, told Business Line over phone from Baton Rogue that the degree is in recognition of Modi’s contribution towards social transformation, especially for empowering women and minorities in Gujarat,
The efforts were on for the last one year to confirm the degree on Modi and they were fast-tracked once he became the Prime Minister “It is only fitting that the degree is given to leader of the largest democracy in the world,” he said.
Polarising effect
On the polarising effect of Modi, Trivedi said that all statesman and politicians bring people together but also carrying some baggage with them. In spite of extreme views of people on Modi’s, the academic council of the University unanimously agreed to confirm the degree.
In 2002, South African freedom icon, Nelson Mandela was also conferred with the same degree. A public policy school at the University is also named after him.
Inclusive growth
A statement issued by the University said that it was impressed by Modi’s agenda of inclusive growth in Gujarat. It also considered the work done by Modi is the first 100 days as Prime Minister. Modi’s declaration of a ten-year moratorium on caste and communal violence in the country and $20-billion commitment towards ‘Digital India’ initiative were also lauded by the university.
If Modi accepts the invitation of the University, then the honorary doctorate would be awarded on December 11, 2015 by the Dr Nelson Mandela School of Public Policy of the university. He would also be the Commencement Speaker for Fall 2015 session of the university.
He will also be requested to inaugurate the global headquarters of the Centre for ICT Enabled Social Transformation.
On ground, the Southern University System actually consists of two universities and a community college. It also has an agriculture research and extension centre.
The campus is spread over 884 acres in Louisiana. It focuses on working for underserved sections of the society using modern technology and processes. The flagship institution, Southern University and Agriculture & Mechanical College, was set up in 1880 for providing educational opportunities to the people of African descent.
Modi's achievements
Mumbai-based promoter of Abhinav Knowledge Services, Pankaj Phadnis, who is also a Post-doctoral Fellow at the University, has been the pivotal figure in getting the University understand the work of Modi. In August 2013, Phadnis updated the University officials about Modi’s achievements in Gujarat.
Phadnis told Business Line that Trivedi took the initiative of setting up the Centre for ICT Enabled Social Transformation, after attending his presentation at the colloquium on the role of information and communication technology in developing peaceful relations between India and Pakistan.
He added that the Centre for ICT Enabled Social Transformation will start working on October 2, which is the birth anniversary of Mahatama Gandhi. If the Indian Government provides further support and funds then the Centre could be named after Pandit Deedayal Upadhyaya, one of the political guru’s of Modi.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

US launches probe into Indias trade policiesUS launches probe into India’s trade policies
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, September 27, 2014
First Published: 09:14 IST(27/9/2014) | Last Updated: 15:09 IST(27/9/2014)
Comments
Just hours before Prime Minister Narendra Modi landed in America on Friday for a high-profile visit, the US Congress ordered a second probe into India’s trade policies, alleging they were discriminatory.
The powerful Senate finance committee and House Ways and Means committee sought this new probe by the US International Trade Commission in a letter on Thursday.
The commission is to give a report in November 2015.
“Given the recent national elections in India and the formation of a new Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-led government, and our interest in receiving the most comprehensive and up-to-date information possible, we now request under … that the Commission conduct a second investigation concerning India’s industrial policies that discriminate against US trade and investment since the first ITC investigation,” said a letter written jointly by the leadership of the Senate finance committee and the House Ways and Means committee.
This time the target is specifically Modi’s BJP government.
This new investigation is in addition to one the independent body is already conducting, to much consternation in New Delhi, with its final report due in November.
The first probe, ordered by the same bodies of the US Congress in August 2013, was to look at, in a statement then issued by the commission, “restrictive trade and investment policies that India maintains or has recently adopted, determine which sectors of the U.S. economy are most affected by these policies, and describe the competitiveness of Indian firms in these sectors”.
And it had come after weeks and months of intense pressure mounted by a section of US private sector, especially pharmaceutical IT companies, on the administration and lawmakers.
India’s trade practices are the subject of another ongoing probe, by the US Trade Representative, which releases an annual Special 301 list of worst offenders from the US point of view.
As a matter of policy, India has not deposed at these hearings. But it has been defended by trade bodies from India and US academics and activists.
A team of USITC investigators wanted to visit India and talk to private sector executives and officials. They were allowed to go, but the government refused to let them speak to officials.
“It is not just embarrassing for us,” said an official requesting anonymity, “but downright unfair — these are our policies and if they have a problem they are welcome to go to WTO”.
India and the US taken each other to the world body over several disputes, with mixed results for both.
The same bodies are back, drumming up the same issue in the light of Prime Minister Modi’s visit. The Alliance for Free Trade with India wrote to US President Barack Obama recently, urging him to press  him to press the prime minister on these issues when they meet next week.

India s forex reserves slip further to USD 315.59 billionSep 26, 2014, 08.08 PM IST  | Source: PTI
India's forex reserves slip further to USD 315.59 billion
Foreign currency assets (FCAs), a major constituent of overall reserves, rose by USD 18.9 million to USD 288.783 billion for the week under review, Reserve Bank said today.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India's forex reserves slip further to USD 315.59 billion
Foreign currency assets (FCAs), a major constituent of overall reserves, rose by USD 18.9 million to USD 288.783 billion for the week under review, Reserve Bank said today.
Post your opinion here
 
Continuing a downward trend for the third consecutive week, India's foreign exchange reserves fell by USD 101.3 million to USD 315.596 billion in the week to September 19 despite a rise in non-US currency assets. In the week to September 12, the reserves had dropped by USD 1.615 billion to USD 315.697 billion.
Foreign currency assets (FCAs), a major constituent of overall reserves, rose by USD 18.9 million to USD 288.783 billion for the week under review, Reserve Bank said today. FCAs, expressed in dollar terms, include the effect of appreciation/depreciation of the non-US currencies such as the euro, pound and yen held in reserves.
The gold reserves remained unchanged at USD 20.933 billion. The special drawing rights were down USD 8.4 million to USD 4.324 billion, while India's reserve position with the IMF dipped by USD 111.8 million to USD 1.555 billion during the week, the RBI data showed.
RELATED NEWS

September 27 isn t Google s birthday  nevertheless there s a doodleSep 27, 2014 at  03:46pm IST
September 27 isn't Google's birthday, nevertheless there's a doodle
41
38
New Delhi: There is a doodle on the Google home page that celebrates the company's 16th birthday. But the interesting fact is that September 27 isn't the search giant's birthday.
The selection of September 27 as Google's birthday seems to be a one of convenience than the actual date when the company was founded.
Google celebrated September 7 (the day when the company was incorporated) as its birthday till 2005. In 2005 Google changed the date to September 27 to make it coincide with the announcement of the record number of pages that the search engine was indexing.
The selection of September 27 as Google's birthday seems to be a one of convenience than the actual date when the company was founded.
#google #google doodle #doodle #google birthday
For its 16th 'birthday', Google has posted an animated doodle on its homepage. The doodle shows the six letters of the word Google as different characters with the letter G wearing a birthday hat. The 'senior' G - like a parent - marks the heights of O and L against a wall. O, who first gets excited on seeing that it has grown, immediately gets sombre as he notices that L is so much bigger than him.
On its 15th birthday last year, Google posted an interactive version of the pinata, a popular Mexican birthday party game.
In 2012, for its 14th birthday Google celebrated with a chocolate cake animated doodle with 14 candles on it and the Google logo etched on the cake. The cake then got covered in Google colours and the 14 candles rearranged themselves as tally marks to denote the number 14.
In 2011, when Google turned 13, Google doodled for itself a photograph that showed Google's 13th birthday celebrations. It had a cake on a table with 13 candles on it, and Google logo sat around the table in party hats while gifts and balloons added to the celebratory mood.
It's been 16 years since 1998 when two Stanford university students, Larry Page and Sergey Brin, got together to form a company that would change the face of the Internet, for ever.
349

Devin Coldewey / NBC News
BREAKING: President Obama hates cable newsBy Jaime Fuller September 26 Follow @j_fuller
From behind a teleprompter, U.S. President Barack Obama pauses while speaking at the Global Health Security Agenda Summit at the White House in Washington September 26, 2014. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
The one thing that stands out in Obama White House senior adviser Dan Pfieffer's list of his boss's reading habits, as described at Capital New York ? Although the president reads widely, he likely isn't finding his stories the same way many of the people who read about his reading habits do. You probably came across this story by browsing on Twitter or Facebook. Obama shuns social media -- and had no idea what Tumblr was.
He reads the newspaper, but doesn't seem too picky about reading it in print, likes a handful of opinion writers and lots of deeply reported, longer stories. TV news is shunned, as is coverage that charts the minute changes in political opinion. (Shying away from watching his life play out in cable syndication is probably for the best.)
White House reading habits are always among the many footnotes appended to presidencies; they provide a glimpse at how leaders perceive what the world thinks of them (Obama seems to gravitate toward those more liable to agree with him, or at least who acknowledge that the White House has its limitations). Looking at Obama's reading habits got us wondering about what presidents were reading before Tumblr was around for them to be oblivious to.
Here's a snapshot.
Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
"The key for me, is to keep expectations low," President Bush told Brian Williams as they discussed his recent reading of Albert Camus and "three Shakespeares." It worked, when Karl Rove published an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal about Bush's reading habits -- which often led him to read two books a week, often histories of past presidential administrations or moments in American history -- plenty of people were surprised.
Bush, like Obama, has said he's not a fan of TV, unless baseball was on.
Bill Clinton
Although blogs didn't exist for much of Clinton's presidency, he hasn't been one to shun them since --especially if they happen to be writing about his reading habits. In July 2009, the Los Angeles Times' book blog published a post  about the literary influences of Clinton. The subject then sent the author a note, which provided a correction and an updated list of the former president's reading list.
The Clinton Presidential Library has an exhibit devoted to the president's love of reading, and Clinton had a habit of building bookshelves in all the executive mansions he moved into. A New York Times article from 1992 mentioned a pace that would make Clinton unwelcome company in Rove and Bush's annual reading competition.
Carol Allin, who ran the now-defunct Capitol Book Store here for 11 years, said Mr. Clinton used to browse in her shop about once a month and "never left without an armful of books." Such avid reading habits make Mr. Clinton seem positively erudite compared to George [H.W.] Bush, who appeared to freeze when asked on television in 1984 to name a book he had recently read. Eventually, Mr. Bush mentioned a 22-year-old best seller, "The Guns of August," by Barbara Tuchman.
Barbara Bush's reading habits were more established. A 1990 article in the Washington Post noted that "Her own reading habits are voracious and need satisfying throughout the day. She says she and President Bush go to sleep reading every night. She also reads in the bathtub. 'I take several baths a day,' she told Baker, 'and I have a stand, so I just leave it there.'"
In previous presidencies, there is far more attention paid to a president's reading of books instead of their media consumption. The options hadn't exploded enough to make a president's choice of more ephemeral reading material as noteworthy. Another story from 1999 noted :
''I try to read at least 30 minutes a day,'' Mr. Clinton said in an interview in 1996. ''And then sometimes on weekends or a long plane ride, I'll read for a couple of hours at a time.'' He added: ''I read a lot. magazines, all kinds of books; books about politics, books about history, mysteries. I love mysteries. I'm an addict; that's one of my little cheap thrills outlet. I'm always reading mysteries.''
Ronald Reagan
In 1982, a Washington Post writer talked to Bill Hart, who put together the daily news summary for President Reagan. She noted that, Hart "drinks in newsprint the way some people gulp morning coffee."
His night begins with a thorough reading of newspapers and a scanning of four wire services and a computer system. Around 4:30 a.m., another slew of newsprint hits the White House newsstands, which he'll skim. Admitting that he has developed his 'own little system' for getting what he needs, Hart looks for key words. "Reagan," "Administration," "Haig," "Weinberger" and other top official names attract his attention instantly. "So Far," he says, he has heard "no complaints" from his summary's exclusive readership."
Gerald Ford
Source: Washington Post, 1975
Although Ford didn't read books often, he did read a lot of magazines and newspapers, according to a 1975 Washington Post story.
"But aides say he does read more books than many persons might think, and one aide quoted Mrs. Ford as saying that the President always has a place to keep books near at hand that he is reading.
The end of the story is a succinct reminder of how much the newspaper industry has changed.
Calling the President "an omnivorous newspaper reader," Nessen said Mr. Ford starts his day at 5:15 with the Washington Post. He then reads a news summary and intelligence reports prepared by his staff. At breakfast, the President reads The New York Times, with television news turned on at low volume, Nessen said. Later in the day, the President reads The Washington Star, the St. Louis Post-Dispatch and the Gran Rapids Press. He frequently reads parts of The Baltimore Sun, New York News, Chicago Tribune and Christian Science Monitor, and has local newspapers on his plane when he travels, the press secretary reported.
LBJ
Lyndon B. Johnson was kind of obsessed with TV news. An article published in the Daytona Beach Monitor in 1966 called Johnson  "the first triple-screen president in history. He has a habit of watching three television screens simultaneously -- each carrying a different program."
His determination to absorb all television news via osmosis allegedly did not extend to reading.
JFK
John F. Kennedy reportedly read 500 to 600 words a minute, and could skim at double that pace. Many people were much excited by this in the 60s.
Source: Life Magazine
A Life Magazine article from May 1961 said that ,
The Kennedy day begins with reading. He starts with five newspaper: the New York Times, the New York Herald Tribune, the Washington Post, the Baltimore Sun and the Wall Street Journal. Usually he gets through two or three of them before he climbs out of bed, finishes the rest at breakfast or in his office, where he has the same papers put a small table behind his desk along with the Atlanta Constitution, the Philadelphia Inquirer and the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. In the afternoons he gets the Washington Evening Star and News. Although this staggering pile is his regular newspaper diet, he does not limit himself to that. When he hears of a good story in another paper, he demands it, and when other papers are brought to him, he likes to search through them. In his campaign days his airplane looked like a traveling newsstand. He insisted that copies of all the local papers be picked up at each stop. He is equally omnivorous about magazines. His staff has orders to keep him supplied regularly with Time, Life, Newsweek, U.S. News & World Report, Business Week, Nation's Business, Saturday Review, The New York, Harper's, Atlantic Monthly, The Spectator, New Republic, History Today, Foreign Affairs, Manchester Guardian Weekly and, of course, the London Economist.
Teddy Roosevelt
In 2011, On the Media did a segment on President Theodore Roosevelt's "voracious" reading habits.
Barack Obama
We've already gone over the President's reading habits, and if you're interested in copying his list of recent reads, there are innumerable photos of him in bookstores. There are also many people who offer very public reading recommendations to the President. In the New York Times Sunday Book Review, prominent cultural figures are regularly asked, "If you could require the president to read one book, what would it be?"
Here are a few.
Madeline Albright : “'The Art of the Impossible,' Vaclav Havel at his deepest, wittiest and most eloquent."
Sherman Alexie : “Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee,” by Dee Brown
Christopher Buckley : Title 26 of the United States Code, otherwise known as the Internal Revenue Code
Lynne Cheney : The Constitution of the United States.
Lena Dunham : The "Guide to Getting It On!"
Alan Furst : "The 2017 edition of the Michelin Guide to France. The red book, with all the restaurants and hotels and places to see. No desire here to educate or sway opinion or suggest policy. After eight years of being president of the United States, enough. Time to relax."
Rick Perlstein : The Book of Job
Colin Powell : “'The Best and the Brightest,' by David Halberstam. Theories and grand ideas are important. But they seldom unfold as planned. People — it is all about people."
Francine Prose : “The Complete Stories of Anton Chekhov.”
Emma Thompson : "The president — any president — could usefully acquaint him/herself with Walt Kelly’s cartoon strip of Pogo Possum living in the swamps of Georgia. Very perspicacious about politics."
John Paul Stevens : “Six Amendments," by John Paul Stevens
Sting:  “Meditations,” by Marcus Aurelius
Gary Shteyngart : “Don’t Bump the Glump!,” by Shel Silverstein
Jaime Fuller reports on national politics for "The Fix" and Post Politics. She worked previously as an associate editor at the American Prospect, a political magazine based in Washington, D.C.

Should you be able to see any doctor you wantBy Jason Millman September 26 Follow @jasonmillman
(AP Photo/Eric Gay)
People don't like being told "no," especially when it comes to something as personal as their health care. They also don't like rising health-care costs. And therein lies the health-care system's existential debate about narrow networks.
Narrow networks, which place greater limits on patients' choice of care providers, aren't new, but they're emerging as one of insurers' major levers for keeping down costs under the Affordable Care Act. The ultimate question for the health-care system and everyone who interacts with it is just what limits patients can accept before avoiding another 1990s-style backlash against managed care.
In just a few weeks, voters in South Dakota will actually get to weigh in on this question, thanks to a ballot initiative that would require health plans in the state to include any provider that meets their standards and wants in.
"Who would be against the concept of a patient being able to pick his own doctor and keep his own doctor?" said Stephen Eckrich, an orthopedic surgeon and sponsor of the South Dakota ballot initiative. Eckrich said he's seen patients have to drive 300-plus miles across the rural state just to find an in-network provider.
If approved, South Dakota would be added to the list of states with a so-called "any willing provider" laws that requires broader inclusion in health insurance networks. The health insurance industry opposes these laws, arguing that the laws hurt their ability to negotiate with physicians and hospitals and to drive efficient care — which, the industry says, translates to higher costs for patients. And over the past year, there's been increasing attention on these laws in some states, like Missouri, Mississippi, New Hampshire and Pennsylvania.
Twenty-seven states in all have some form of any willing provider law but they vary significantly, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. Many of these states have had these laws on the books since the 1980s, and the laws can be broad, covering most of a state's doctors and hospitals, while others much narrower in scope apply to just pharmacies or certain provider types.
"I think the research literature is pretty convincing that they do increase costs," said Paul Ginsburg, the former president of the Center for Studying Health System Change, who lays out the case against these laws in a new paper for America's Health Insurance Plans.
The Federal Trade Commission also takes a dim view of these laws, as they apply to drug plans. "Although more limited networks may sometimes limit patient choice, any willing provider ... laws can make it more difficult for health insurers, plans, or [pharmacy benefit managers] to negotiate discounts from providers, resulting in higher costs," the agency wrote in March.
Eckrich said the case against the South Dakota ballot initiative is overstated, since it wouldn't actually allow just any willing provider — they still have to meet an insurer's standards in order to be included in the networks. Most laws already on the books are structured this way, said Sabrina Corlette, a senior research fellow at Georgetown University's Center on Health Insurance Reform.
With so much attention on narrow networks — and evidence showing that they're  not going anywhere — health insurers are carefully watching the outcome of the South Dakota ballot initiative, and they're on guard for future efforts in other states.
About 70 percent of health plans sold on the ACA's health insurance marketplaces this past year had narrow or ultra-narrow networks, according to McKinsey and Co., which defined "narrow" as excluding at least 30 percent of an area's largest hospitals. Narrow networks were increasingly being used before the ACA, but they've become more prevalent under the law, as illustrated by the following chart comparing 2013 individual market plan offerings against 2014.
So how do consumers feel about these narrow networks? They've been the subject of some lawsuits in California, where groups claim enrollees were misled about what doctors were part of their networks. And a children's hospital in Seattle filed suit last year after being left out of new ACA health plans.
Still, a Commonwealth Fund survey last week found that exchange enrollees are generally satisfied with their coverage. When Corlette and her Georgetown colleagues studied the impact of narrow networks in six states, they found that insurers and regulators haven't received many complaints about the size of the networks, though they caution it may be too early to determine consumers' ability to access care.
"[States] are getting complaints like, 'I thought Dr. Jones is in my network and isn't,'" Corlette said. "In terms of being able to access care, they're not getting a lot of complaints."
But states are still studying the effects of narrow networks, so very few have made substantial changes to network rules this year, Corlette said. They're trying to be careful to not take too prescriptive an approach, which could backfire in the form of higher insurance premiums, she said.
Jason Millman covers all things health policy, with a focus on Obamacare implementation. He previously covered health policy for Politico.

Narendra Modi thanks people for warm reception in New YorkPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greets people outside his hotel upon his arrival in New York on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New York | Posted: September 27, 2014 3:35 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 3:36 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has thanked the Indian- American community for the warm welcome he received upon his arrival here as he was greeted by chants of ‘Modi’ ‘Modi’ outside his hotel.
“A big thank you for the warm welcome in New York! Deeply touched. Looking forward to a great trip ahead,” Prime Minister Modi tweeted hours after his arrival.
Modi, 64, flew into New York’s JFK airport on Friday on a special Air India Boeing plane on the first leg of his maiden visit to the US as Prime Minister after a nearly nine-hour flight from Frankfurt where he had an overnight halt.
In a rare gesture, Prime Minister Modi came out of his huge convoy to greet a large number of Indians who had gathered outside his hotel to welcome him on his arrival to the US and were chanting his name.
As a large convoy of vehicles came to the hotel he would be staying in till September 29 before moving to Washington, Modi came out and greeted people who had gathered their in a special enclosure made by the local administration.
Modi greeted everyone with a namaste and also waved at the people, while walking across them outside the barricade of the enclosure. He then walked inside the hotel.
Modi also shook hands with a few people who had gathered there and walked almost an entire block distance before going back to the hotel. Many people were seen taking pictures and videos of him.
The crowd had gathered for over two hours to greet him.
A stampede-like situation erupted as people pushed each other to see Modi. People were heard talking about him and his gesture for a long time.

Rageen Duniya! Which paint stocks to buy ahead of DiwaliRangeen Duniya! Which paint stocks to buy ahead of Diwali
Sat, Sep 27, 2014 at 15:45
| Source: Moneycontrol.com
Share on Tumblr
The Indian paint industry is estimated to touch Rs 62,000 crore in the next two years, largely helped by the increasing demand across the country, especially in the hinterlands.
"Indian paint industry is likely to surge from the current level of about Rs 40,600 crore to about Rs 62,000 crore by 2016, witnessing a double-digit compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of about 20 per cent," according to a study by the industry body Assocham. This spiked most paints stocks.
Spark Capital says decorative paints demand remains robust driven by higher repainting demand and early festive season compared to last year. Across offerings, premiumisation trend remains robust. Green shoots emerging on growth revival in Tier1 towns, off takes in tier 2/3 towns remains healthy though.
Here are its investing options ahead of Diwali.
Sign in

Asian Games 2014: India goes past spirited China  reach semisIndia's VR Raghunath (right) in action against Pakistan recently; Raghunath opened the scoring for India against China on Saturday. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Incheon | Posted: September 27, 2014 4:11 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 4:17 pm
A scrappy India eked out a hard-fought 2-0 win over lower-ranked China to progress to the semi-finals of the men’s hockey competition at the 17th Asian Games in Incheon on Saturday.
After a goalless opening 30 minutes, drag-flick exponent V R Raghunath (40th minute) and Birendra Lakra (45th) scored two goals in quick succession to give India a 2-0 lead at the end of the third quarter.
But the ninth-ranked Indians were far from impressive as their forwardline failed to break the defence of the 27th ranked Chinese despite enjoying the lions share of possession in the match.
Needing at least a draw to progress to the knock-out stage after the close 1-2 defeat against arch-rivals Pakistan, the Indians were slow to get off the blocks.
There was hardly anything to differentiate between the two sides in the first quarter as both the teams wasted the far and few chances that came their way.
It was India who earned the first penalty corner of the match in the 29th minute of the match but they wasted the chance going for a variation even as drag-flicker Raghunath was off the pitch.
The Indians were hurt badly by the absence of their second drag-flicker Rupinderpal Singh, who continued to warm the bench for the second consecutive match due to an injury sustained against Oman.
Raghunath’s lacklustre performance continued as he managed to utilise just one of the five penalty corners that came their way.
After the change of ends, the Indians came out with more purpose and unleashed an array of attacks on the Chinese goal which resulted in their second penalty corner.
And this time Raghunath was bang on target with a powerful low flick to the right of Chinese goalkeeper Rui Xu to give India a 1-0 lead 10 minutes into the third quarter.
Five minutes later, India doubled their lead when Lakra scored with a fine field effort after a fine one-two with Akashdeep Singh.
India continued their attacking play and earned two back-to-back penalty corners at the start of the fourth and final quarter but Raghunath wasted both the opportunities.
China, on the other hand, were more reliant on counter attacks and on a few occasions looked threatening only to be denied by an alert Indian defense.
It took China at least 50 minutes to earn their first penalty corner of the match but Indian goalkeeper P R Sreejesh was upto the task to thwart any danger to his goal.
Thereafter, both India and China secured a penalty corner each only to see their efforts go in vain.
By virtue of this win, India booked their place in the semifinals as the second best team from Pool B where they play hosts Korea, while Pakistan will face Malaysia in the other last four match.
 

Gold turns weak on fall in demand  price falls by Rs 320 to Rs 27 230Silver also fell by Rs 365 to Rs 39,535 per kg on reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers. (AP)
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 27, 2014 4:05 pm
After yesterday’s sharp rise, gold prices fell back by Rs 320 to Rs 27,230 per ten gram in the national capital today as demand eased at prevailing higher levels coupled with a weak global trend.
Silver also fell by Rs 365 to Rs 39,535 per kg on reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Traders said fall in demand at existing higher level and a weak global trend where gold fell after a report showed that the US economy expanded last quarter at the fastest rate since 2011, crimping demand for the metal as an alternative investment, mainly kept pressure on precious metals prices.
Gold in New York, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell 0.5 per cent to USD 1,215.40 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity plunged by Rs 320 each to Rs 27,230 and Rs 27,030 per ten gram respectively. It had recorded the second biggest gain this year by surging Rs 590 in yesterday’s trade.
Sovereign, however, maintained a steady trend at Rs 24,200 per piece of eight gram in limited deals.
Silver ready traded lower by Rs 365 to Rs 39,535 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 370 to Rs 39,170 per kg. The white metal had gained Rs 550 in the previous session.
Meanwhile, silver coins continued to be traded at last level of Rs 69,000 for buying and Rs 70,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Delhi: Court to hear defamation complaint against Jagdish Tytler on October 156
0
New Delhi: A Delhi court on Saturday fixed October 15 for hearing a criminal defamation complaint filed against Congress leader Jagdish Tytler by a senior lawyer representing the victims of 1984 anti-Sikh riot cases. The matter was put for the next date as Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate (ACMM) Gaurav Rao was on leave om Saturday.
Tytler had earlier told the court that he was ready to tender "unconditional apology" to senior advocate HS Phoolka, complainant in the case, to settle the matter as no public interest was involved in the complaint filed by an individual.
Phoolka, however, had refused to accept Tytler's offer, saying "any compromise" in a serious matter like this would send a wrong message to the people. The court had also asked Phoolka to bring on record on Saturday the aired interview, in which Tytler had allegedly defamed Phoolka, in the form of VCD/DVD so that it could go through the same to ascertain the facts.
The matter was put for the next date as Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate (ACMM) Gaurav Rao was on leave om Saturday.
#delhi #jagdish tytler #congress #hs phoolka
"It has transpired that part of the allegations are oral testimony and part are in the form of transcripts in electronic video cassette....I have to go through the cassette and verify the transcripts," the ACMM had said.
Phoolka, who has filed the complaint against Tytler, had alleged that the Congress leader had passed derogatory remark about him in a news programme aired on September 7, 2004, Phoolka, in his complaint filed in 2006, had alleged that Tytler had levelled false and derogatory allegations against him to harm his reputation in the society.
His counsel had earlier told the court that Tytler should also be prosecuted for the offence of criminal intimidation under section 506 of the IPC. The case against Tytler was filed in a Ludhiana court in Punjab. Later on, it was transferred to Delhi by the Supreme Court on Tytler's plea.
1

Nitish Rane  Rahul Thakre in Congress  last list for Maharashtra pollsSep 27, 2014 at  03:51pm IST
Nitish Rane, Rahul Thakre in Congress' last list for Maharashtra polls
7
0
New Delhi: Rahul Thakre and Nitesh Rane, sons of Maharashtra PCC Chief Manikrao Thakre and state campaign chief Narayan Rane, figure in the third and final list of 26 Congress candidates for the Assembly polls released this afternoon.
While Rahul has been made the nominee from Yavatmal in Vidarbha, Nitesh is the candidate from Kankavli in Konkan region.
Kunal Patil, son of former Minister Rohidas Patil, has replaced his father from Dhule Rural constituency while another former Minister Chandrakant Shivarkar has come in place of Kamlatai Behere from Hadapasar in Pune city.
While Rahul has been made the nominee from Yavatmal in Vidarbha, Nitesh is the candidate from Kankavli in Konkan region.
#nitish rane #rahul thakre #congress #ncp
With this list, Congress has named candidates for 287 of the 288 seats in the state. It means the party has given up plans to align with like minded parties like Samajwadi Party in the wake of the parting of ways by Sharad Pawar's Nationalist Congress Party.
Late last night, the party has come out with the second list of 143 candidates.
1

Odisha: Court asks jail authorities to produce Seashore CMD on October 144
0
Bhubaneswar: A local court has directed the superintendent of Jeypore jail in Odisha's Koraput district to produce Seashore CMD Prashant Das before it on October 14.
District and sessions court judge DP Choudhury issued the direction yesterday while hearing a petition of the Enforcement Directorate which wanted to take Das on remand to probe the money trail of Seashore Group, which allegedly duped hundreds of investors.
The ED had on September 19 sought the court's permission to take Das on remand to establish the money trail in the ponzi scheme scam. "We need to interrogate Das in order to get information regarding utilisation of about Rs 1,700 crore collected by Seashore Group from the investors," a senior official at the local ED office said adding it was among the 44 ponzi companies whose activities were being probed by the CBI as per order of the Supreme Court.
The ED had on September 19 sought the court's permission to take Das on remand to establish the money trail in the ponzi scheme scam.
#odisha #ponzi scheme scam #seashore #jeypore jail
About 6.5 lakh people were duped of Rs 4,375 crore between January 2012 and June 2013 by several ponzi scheme companies. The Seashore Group alone is accused of embezzling over Rs 1,500 crore deposits from hundreds of people from across the state.
The group dealt in money circulation, real estate, gold trading and in several other sectors. Das was arrested from Mumbai on June 19, 2013 and implicated in several cheating cases. He is presently lodged in Jeypore jail. Thirty-nine cheating cases were registered against him by police in different districts.
1

Kolkata: Durga Puja tourists welcomed with  Respect Women  messages17
0
Kolkata: In a bid to make women travellers feel at ease, tourists landing at the Kolkata airport during the Durga Puja festival are being welcomed with the message of 'Respect Women'.
Airline officials, hotels and others in the tourism industry have started distributing thousands of badges bearing the message on the occasion of World Tourism Day, beginning on Saturday.
"We feel that this is a good message to send out on World Tourism Day, to show our commitment to respect women. We are distributing these badges at the airport to the passengers arriving in Kolkata,"  Anil Punjabi, chairman (east) of the Travel Agents Federation of India (TAFI), said.
Airline officials, hotels and others in the tourism industry have started distributing thousands of badges bearing the message on the occasion of World Tourism Day, beginning on Saturday.
#kolkata #durga puja #respect women #tafi
They have requested airline officials at the airport to wear and distribute these badges till the end of Durga Puja festival which culminates with Dusshera. "We want to show that our city is safe for women as we wish to increase the number of visitors to Kolkata," Punjabi said.
A number of airlines like Jet Airways, Spice Jet, Air Asia, Qatar Airways, Bhutan Airlines, Emirates, besides the Taj Bengal hotel has participated in the initiative.
More than 100 travel agencies along with esteemed travellers and frequent flyers have volunteered their support to the initiative. Punjabi said TAFI also plans to start self-defense classes like karate and judo for women.
44

Samsung Galaxy Alpha: Samsung launches its thinnest Android smartphone at Rs 39 990 in India37
0
New Delhi: Samsung has launched its thinnest Android smartphone - the Galaxy Alpha - in India at a price of Rs 39,990. The phone will be available in India from the first week of October. The phone will come in Charcoal Black, Dazzling White and Frosted Gold colours.
With the Galaxy Apha, Samsung has also embraced the metal frame - quite like its biggest competitor, Apple. The 4.7-inch Galaxy Alpha comes enclosed within a metal frame and its 6.7mm profile makes it the South Korean electronics giant's thinnest Android phone (Samsung's Galaxy S5 measures 8.1mm in thickness). ( Read the Samsung Galaxy Alpha review )
The Samsung Galaxy Alpha's 4.7-inch HD Super AMOLED display has a resolution of 1280 x 720 pixels and it is powered by an octa-core (quad 1.8GHz + quad 1.3GHz). Running on Android 4.4.4 (KitKat), the Galaxy Alpha has a 12 megapixel rear camera along with a 2.1 megapixel front camera.
The Samsung Galaxy Alpha will be available in India from the first week of October.
#samsung #galaxy alpha #android #smartphones
The phone also includes a fingerprint scanner, and its removable back cover has a tactile pattern. With 2GB RAM and 32GB of internal memory, the Galaxy Alpha doesn't have a microSD slot and another disappointment could be the 1,860 mAh battery.
Apple has made design central to its iPhones since its first model in 2007. Samsung seems to embracing the importance of design with the Alpha.
Network

Live: Jayalalithaa convicted in DA case  to quit as CMTamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa sentenced to 4 years in jail in DA case
Yahoo India –  Sat 27 Sep, 2014
Print
Bangalore, Sep 27: A court here Saturday sentenced Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J. Jayalalithaa to four years' jail term and slapped Rs.100-crore fine on her in the Rs.66-crore disproportionate assets' case.
Special judge John Michale Cunha pronounced the sentence and the hefty fine hours after he convicted 66-year-old Jayalalithaa on charges levelled against her by DMK general secretary K. Anbazhagan in 1996.
DMK is the opposition party in Tamil Nadu.
Special Public Prosecutor G. Bhavani Singh said the judge also sentenced the three co-accused people -- V.K. Sasikala, V. N. Sudhakaran and J. Illavarasi to four-year jail term, as they too were convicted on the same grounds as Jayalalithaa under the relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code and the Prevention of Corruption Act.
The judge also slapped a fine of Rs.10 crore each on the co-accused and sentenced them to an additional six months of simple imprisonment with a fine of Rs.10,000 each, which will run concurrently.
Saturday's developments
6:30 pm: All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) supporters pelted stones at Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) chief M Karunanidhi's residence on Friday, after Jayalalithaa was convicted in the disproportionate assets case.
6:20 pm: Mourning Jayalalithaa's conviction, a supporter said, "We can't accept any other leader, I don't feel like living in this world without the word 'Amma'.
6:15 pm: Amid vociferous protests in support of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa, an All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) supporter on Saturday made a self immolation attempt in Chennai against special court's verdict holding Jayalalithaa guilty in disproportionate assets case.
6:00 pm: Soon after hearing a Bangalore special court's verdict in connection with a disproportionate assets case, Tamil Nadu Chief Minister and All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AADMK) leader J.Jayalalithaa reportedly complained of dizziness, and had to be rushed to a hospital.
5:45 pm: The others convicts [V.K. Sasikala, V.N. Sudhakaran and J. Illavarasi] have also been given a jail term of four years and along with a fine of Rs 10 crore each.
5:30 pm: Jayalalithaa cannot contest elections for the next 10 years as she has been barred from trying her electoral fortune for six years after the end of her jail term.
5:00 pm: Jayalalithaa has been sentenced to 4 years in jail. She has to pay a fine of Rs 100 crore as well.
4:15 pm: Nearly 20 buses were damaged in stone-pelting in Cuddalore district.
3: 45 pm: Appearing before the court four times, Jayalalithaa has answered 1,339 questions in closed door hearings during which she has maintained that the case was "politically motivated" and "fabricated" at the instance of her rival DMK.
3:30 pm: The Karnataka government has so far spent Rs 2.86 crore on playing host to the case, according to documents obtained by an RTI activist. [CNN IBN]
3:20 pm: Violence erupts in Tamil Nadu following the verdict. Traffic halted in many places and a bus has been burnt in Kancheepuram.
3: 05 pm: The verdict was delivered at a makeshift court in the Parappana Agrahara prison complex in Bangalore where Jayalalithaa and the other accused were present.
3: 00 pm: The maximum jail term she could face is 7 years, while the minimum is one year. If she is sentenced for less than 3 years, she can apply for bail, else she will be sent to prison.
2: 55 pm: The case was transferred to Bangalore's Special Court in 2003 by the Supreme Court on a petition filed by DMK leader K Anbazhagan who had expressed doubts over conduct of fair trial with Jayalalithaa as chief minister.
2: 50 pm: Pronouncing the order, special Judge John Michael Cunha held Jayalalithaa guilty of amassing wealth disproportionate to known sources of her income under sections 109 and 120 (b) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and 13 of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988, said Special Public Prosecutor G. Bhavani Singh.
"The quantum of sentence will be decided by the judge later, which can range from two to seven years," Singh added.
2:45 pm: According to reports, Jayalalithaa is likely to appoint a partyman as the chief minister of Tamil Nadu.
2: 43 pm: Following this judgement, Jayalalithaa automatically stands disqualified as an MLA of the Tamil Nadu assembly and will have to step down as the chief minister immediately.
2: 40 pm: Earlier on Friday, Jayalalithaa's plea to postpone the pronouncement of its verdict in the disproportionate assets case was rejected by the Supreme Court.
2: 35 pm: Her former friend V K Sasikala, V N Sudhakaran and J Illavarasi are the co-accused in the case.
2: 26 pm: The AIADMK chief is accused of obtaining assets worth almost Rs. 66 crore through dishonest means during her first tenure as Chief Minister from 1991 to 1996.
2: 22 pm: All the four convicted in the 18-year-old corruption case. Sentencing and quantum of punishment to be made at 3 PM
2: 20 pm: Jayalalithaa is convicted under prevention of corruption act.
AIADMK supporters, police clash
Earlier, police in Bangalore had to resort to a lathi-charge to control dozens of AIADMK supporters who were protesting against the conviction of Jayalalithaa. Heavy security has been deployed in Bangalore to main peace and order in the city.
DMK celebrates
Meanwhile, the DMK leaders and cadre have begun to celebrate, bursting crackers and distributing sweets.
The case
The Rs 66.65-crore assets case dates back to Jayalalithaa's first term as the chief minister, from 1991 to 1996. It was filed before a special court in Chennai in 1997 by the Tamil Nadu's Department of Vigilance and Anti Corruption.
The case was transferred to Bangalore's Special Court in 2003 by the Supreme Court on a petition filed by DMK leader K Anbazhagan who had expressed doubts over conduct of fair trial with Jayalalithaa as chief minister.
Jayalalithaa, who has seen several ups and downs in her political career, in 2001 too had to quit as Tamil Nadu chief minister following the Supreme Court declaring null and void the action of the then Governor Fatima Beevi appointing her as the chief minister as she had been sentenced to two years rigorous imprisonment in a corruption case.
Thereafter, O Paneerselvan, a junior minister in her council of ministers, was appointed as the state’s chief minister.
However, by 2002, she was cleared of all charges and sworn-in again as the chief minister.
Recommend

VISA Steel appoints Gauri Rasgotraas independent directorHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
VISA Steel appoints Gauri Rasgotra as independent director
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept 27:  
The Board of Directors of VISA Steel Ltd has appointed Gauri Rasgotra as an independent director of the company. Gauri Rasgotra, 46, is a Partner in the litigation practice of Khaitan & Co in New Delhi.
With this appointment, VISA has met the statutory requirement for appointment of a woman director.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

K.V. Kamath-led panel to examine financial architecture for MSME sectorK.V. Kamath-led panel to examine financial architecture for MSME sector
K.R.Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 27:  
The Finance Ministry has appointed a 15-member committee under the Chairmanship of ICICI Bank Chairman K V Kamath to examine the financial architecture for Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME) sector.
The committee will, among other things, come up with concrete suggestions to improve the share of institutional finance to MSME from the low levels seen currently.
Besides looking at innovative financial products for MSMEs, the committee will suggest measures to increase the flow of equity support to MSMEs by targeting incubator-based funds, angel/ seed funds, impact funds and venture capital/ private equity funds.
It will also look at regional disparities in credit flow to MSMEs.
The Department of Financial Services move to set up this committee comes two-and-a-half months after Finance Minister Arun Jaitley announced in his maiden Budget speech that a committee will be set up to examine the financial architecture for the MSME sector.
The terms of reference of the committee include assessing the current structure of flow of finance to MSME sector-delivery channels, products and services and policy environment.
The committee will also undertake a comparitive study of the financial architecture in other developed and emerging economies for strong support to MSMEs.
Meanwhile, the Action Committee For Formal Finance For Non Corporate Small Business has hailed the formation of Committee on Financial Architecture for MSME sector by the Finance Ministry.
Praveen Khandelwal, National Coordinator of the Action Committee said that it is a landmark initiative any government has taken so far.
The informal sector is under served as far as financial assistance is concerned and commercial banking has failed to provide requisite finances to this sector.
Only 4 per cent of non corporate sector could able to avail finances from the Government.
The general perception in banking sector is to largely avoid financing informal sector, according to Khandelwal.
Therefore, there is an urgent need of a separate and viable financial architecture for informal sector and government has finally given importance to this sector, he said.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

Jayalalithaa convicted in wealth case  quantum of sentence awaitedJayalalithaa convicted; gets 4-year jail term, fined Rs 100 cr
Anil Urs
Tweet
AIADMK supporters burn an effigy of Karunanidhi at Poes Garden. -- T.E. Rajasimhan
J Jayalalitha has been held guilty in the 18-year-old disproportionate assets case by a Special Court in Bangalore (file picture).
Bangalore, Sept 27:  
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J. Jayalalithaa has been sentenced to four years in jail and slapped a fine of Rs 100 crore in the 18-year-old disproportionate assets case.
Judge John Michael Cunha pronounced the verdict.
Jayalalithaa has been convicted under Section 13(2) and 13(1) (e) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988.
The conviction will lead to her immediate disqualification as an MLA and subsequent stepping down as Chief Minister.
Jayalalitha's aide Sasikala, V N Sudhakaran, and J Ilavarasi have also been convicted under the Prevention of Corruption Act.
Judge John Michael Cunha has also sentenced Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa’s aides - V K Sasikala, V N Sudhakaran, and J Ilavarasi to 4 years and fine of Rs 12 crore.
All have been convicted under Section 13(2) and 13(1) (e) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988.
PTI adds: The Rs 66.65-crore assets case dates back to Jayalalithaa’s first term as Chief Minister from 1991 to 1996. It was filed before a special court in Chennai in 1997 by Tamil Nadu’s Department of Vigilance and Anti Corruption (DVAC).
The case was transferred to Bangalore’s Special Court in 2003 by the Supreme Court on a petition filed by DMK leader K Anbazhagan, who had expressed doubts over the conduct of a fair trial with Jayalalithaa as Chief Minister.
Security measures
Police are closely checking vehicles with Tamil Nadu registration at the check post at Attibeli on the border.
AIADMK supporters had gathered at the border but were stopped by police, who have been deployed in strength.
Platoons of the Karnataka State Reserve Police, the city Armed Reserve and the Rapid Action Force are stationed near the court, besides hundreds of police personnel, including those in plain clothes, police said.
Prohibitory orders have been clamped in and around the Parappana Agrahara prison complex.
Jayalalithaa, who has waged many legal battles and seen several ups and downs in her political career, had to quit as the Chief Minister immediately after her swearing in 2001 following the Supreme Court declaring null and void the action of the then Governor, Fatima Beevi, appointing her as Chief Minister as she had been sentenced to two years' rigorous imprisonment in a corruption case.
O Paneerselvan, a junior Minister in her Council of Ministers, was appointed Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu. By 2002, she was cleared of all charges and sworn in again as the Chief Minister.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

MOM sends first images of red planetMOM sends first images of red planet
PTI
Tweet
Bangalore, Sept 25:  
India’s Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) spacecraft has sent in its first images of the Red Planet after creating history by becoming the only such endeavour so far to have met with success on the maiden attempt.
“1st image of Mars, from a height of 7300km; with 376m spatial resolution. MT @MarsOrbiter. The view is nice up here,” Indian Space Research Organisation said today in a tweet posted along with snaps of the red planet.
India successfully placed its low-cost Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) spacecraft in orbit around the red planet in its very first attempt yesterday, breaking into an elite club of three nations.
The spacecraft is now circling the red planet in an orbit whose nearest point to Mars (periapsis) is at 421.7km and farthest point (apoapsis) at 76,993.6km, ISRO said.
The inclination of orbit with respect to the equatorial plane of Mars is 150 degree, as intended. In this orbit, the spacecraft takes 72 hours 51 minutes 51 seconds to go round Mars once.
In the coming weeks, ISRO said in a release, the spacecraft will be thoroughly tested in the Mars orbit and the systematic observation of that planet using its five scientific instruments would begin.
MOM aims to study the Martian surface and mineral composition and scan its atmosphere for methane, an indicator of life.
The spacecraft is equipped with five instruments, including a sensor to track methane or marsh gas, a colour camera and a thermal-imaging spectrometer to map the surface and mineral wealth of the red planet.
The Rs 450-crore MOM is the cheapest inter-planetary mission. India is the first country to reach Mars in the very first attempt. European, American and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but after several attempts.
The Orbiter will keep moving in an elliptical path for at least six months with its instruments sending their gleanings back home.
The spacecraft was launched on its nine-month-long odyssey on a homegrown PSLV rocket from Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh on November 5 of last year. It had escaped the earth’s gravitational field on December 1.
The view is nice up here. pic.twitter.com/VmAjNI76lm

Court fixes defamation case against Smriti Irani for Feb 28E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Hold Adani Ports & SEZ  target Rs 266E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PM Narendra Modi faces US civil case over Gujarat riotsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jayalalithaa found guilty in disproportionate assets caseJayalalithaa convicted in corruption case, gets 4 yrs in jail, Rs 100 crore fine
BS Reporter | Bangalore/Chennai Sep 27, 2014 11:04 PM IST
 
In a ruling that could have a far-reaching impact on the politics of Tamil Nadu, a trial court on Saturday sentenced Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa and three other co-accused to four years in jail in an 18-year-old Rs 66.65-crore disproportionate-asset case. Additionally, a hefty penalty of Rs 100 crore was imposed on Jayalalithaa.
The Supreme Court had ruled last year that if a law maker is found guilty of corruption and gets a sentence of more than two years, he or she immediately loses membership of a legislative body. So, conviction and sentencing imply that Jayalalithaa ceases to be a member of the Tamil Nadu legislative Assembly with immediate effect and will not be able to contest elections for the next 10 years (she will not be able to contest polls for six years after completing her jail term).
The other three sentenced on Saturday are Jayalalithaa’s close aides Sasikala Natarajan, Ilavarasi and foster son Sudhakaran. They will have to pay Rs 10 crore each as fine. If any of the convicted persons fails to pay the fine, he or she will have to serve an additional year in jail.
Earlier in the day, Jayalalithaa and the others arrived in Bangalore, where a special court was to pronounce its verdict, in a special flight and were taken for medical examination.
The judgment was pronounced at a makeshift court set up at Gandhi Bhavan near the Parappana Agrahara jail in Southeast Bangalore.
John Michael D’Cunha, the special court judge, read out the 1,300-page judgment, convicting Jayalalithaa under Section 13 (1) (E) of Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988. She was proved to have misused her office and amassed crores of rupees that were disproportionate with her known sources of income.
Soon after the sentence was pronounced, Jayalalithaa and others were taken into judicial custody and sent to a state-run hospital for medical check-up. Special public prosecutor G Bhavani Singh said: “All the four convicted persons, including Jayalalithaa, will be lodged in the central jail here.”
ALSO READ:  Aditi Phadnis: Jayalalithaa - On a verdict and a prayer
Singh also clarified that a bail application could not be moved in a lower court as the sentence was of more than three years of jail term. Jayalalitha could, however, appeal in either the Karnataka or Tamil Nadu high court for relief from the jail sentence. “The fine will be recovered through sale of property, including jewellery and land seized during the trial,” he added.
According to lawyers, Jayalalithaa is unlikely to get bail anytime soon — at least for a year. Filing an appeal in the high court will take some time.
Disturbances and street protests broke out in Bangalore, as well as several towns and cities of Tamil Nadu, after the court’s decision. The police took nearly 500 persons into custody from outside the Bangalore court and extended the prohibitory orders to up to five km from the special court premises till Saturday midnight.
QUICK RECALL
A timeline of the case
1996
Jun 14: Subramanian Swamy files a complaint against J Jayalalithaa
Jun 18: The then DMK government registers FIR against Jayalalithaa for having assets disproportionate with her known source of income
1997
Jun 4: Chargesheet filed in the Rs 66.65-crore disproportionate-asset case
Oct 21: Court frames charges against Jayalalithaa, Sasikala, Sudhakaran, and Ilavarasi
2003
Feb 28: DMK leader K Anbazhagan asks Supreme Court to transfer trial out of Chennai
Nov 18: Apex Court orders transfer of trial to a special court in Bangalore, observes ‘fair trial was not going’ in Chennai
2010
Jan 22: Supreme Court clears way for trial of DA case; trial begins
2011
May 16: AIADMK returns to power, Jayalalithaa becomes CM again
Oct 20 & 21 and Nov 22 & 23: Jayalalithaa appears in special court
2012
Oct 29: John Michael Cunha appointed as special judge
2014
Aug 28: Trial concludes; special court says verdict will be pronounced on Sep 20
Sep 15: Jayalalithaa seeks change of location over security concerns
Sep 16: Special Court allows Jayalalithaa’s plea, orders for shifting of venue near Bangalore Central prison; postpones verdict to September 27
Sep 27: Jayalalithaa convicted in the case; gets four years in jail
ALSO READ:  Jayalalithaa convicted: a profile
Tamil Nadu Governor K Rosaiah had to immediately call a meeting of the administration to discuss ways to maintain law and order in the state. Since Jayalalithaa’s party, the All-India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) has a comfortable majority in the Tamil Nadu Assembly, a replacement chief minister will have to be appointed immediately. Several names were in circulation but no confirmation on the next CM had come till the time of going to press.
As many as 60 members of the state Assembly and 18 AIADMK members of Parliament came to Bangalore from Chennai to show solidarity with the chief minister. Besides 20,000 other people were learnt to have arrived in the city from across Tamil Nadu.
The disproportionate-asset case dates back to 1996, when Dravida Munnettra Kazhagam (DMK) General-Secretary K Anbazhagan filed a complaint, claiming Jayalalithaa had amassed Rs 66.65 crore of wealth that was disproportionate with her known sources of income. In a raid carried out in 1997 in connection with this case, 800 kg silver, 28 kg gold, 750 pairs of shoes, 10,500 saris, 91 watches and other items were seized from Jayalalithaa’s Chennai residence.
Later, on a petition filed by Anbazhagan, who expressed his doubt over conduct of a fair trial in Chennai with Jayalalithaa as Tamil Nadu chief minister, the Supreme Court transferred the case to a Bangalore special court in 2003.
Jayalalithaa, who has waged several legal battles and seen several ups and downs in her political career, had to earlier quit as chief minister immediately after taking oath in 2001. This was after the Supreme Court declared her appointment null and void because she had been sentenced to two years of rigorous imprisonment in a corruption case.
At that time, O Paneerselvam, a junior minister in her Cabinet, was appointed the chief minister of Tamil Nadu. By 2002, she was cleared of all charges and again sworn in as CM.

JAYALALITHAA CONVICTEDUpdated: September 29, 2014 14:36 IST
Jayalalithaa conviction: As it happened
Tweet
The Hindu The remains of a bus which was set on fire following violence which erupted in the wake of the verdict against Jayalalithaa, at Kammalapalayam in Kancheepuram district on Saturday. Photo: D. Gopalakrishnan
The Hindu Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa on her way to the Parappana Agrahara court complex in Bangalore on Saturday. A special court has convicted her in a disproportionate wealth case.
PTI A file photo of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa with her close aide Sasikala in Chennai on February 2008.
TOPICS
 Jayalalithaa wealth case
Minute-by-minute coverage of the historic verdict against Jayalalithaa in the disproportinate assets case.
September 29: Jayalalithaa's appeal against Special Court's conviction order was filed in the Karnataka High Court around 11 a.m. Her advocates filed the appeal, with a plea seeking suspension of sentence, in the High Court's registry section. Jayalalithaa’s aide Sasikala, her relatives V.N Sudhakaran and Ilavarasi also approached the High Court, seeking bail. Senior Supreme Court advocate Ram Jethmalani will represent Jayalalithaa with the defence team. O. Panneerselvam takes oath as Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu.
September 28 (Sunday): Stray incidents of violence reported across Tamil Nadu
19:11: In Ooty a group of supporters burnt an effigy of DMK leader M.Karunanidhi opposite the municipal market,pulled down banners and hoardings of the DMK and staged road blockade agitations in busy areas like Charing Cross,Garden Road and the Coffee House junction.
In Coonoor, Gudalur, Kotagiri, Pandhalur and Manjoor also normal life was hit with most of the commercial establishments remaining closed.
18:37: Since buses have been suspended in many districts, share-autorickshaws are charging as much as Rs. 100 for a short distance of 5 km
Thanks to heavy police presence, no major problems have been reported in southern districts.
There is huge rush for trains in southern districts. Commuters heading to Chennai are lining up in Tirunelveli and Kanyakumari junctions.
Candidates appearing for TNPSC exams tomorrow in Chennai are anxious to know if the exams will be go on as scheduled.
Shops and establishments have not opened as a precautionary measure in many towns in this region. The Theni district administration has ordered closure of TASMAC outlets.
18:00 On Jayalalithaa's political future: She is disqualified from contest for the period of imprisonment (four years) and six years thereafter. A total of 10years. At the same time, she has the right of appeal. At the time of appeal, the sentence is usually suspended, but in rare, very rare cases, the court may grant stay of conviction. In such a situation, it may be argued that by getting a stay on conviction she has re-acquired the qualification to contest. In the event of there being no such stay, but only an order suspending the sentence and granting bail, she may be unable to contest until the High Court gives its final verdict on her appeal. If and when she re-acquires eligibility to contest, she has to come into the Assembly only through a by-election.
17:56: Shops remained closed at Ariyalur and towns such as Thirumanur, Jayamkondam, Andimandam and T.Pazhur in Ariylaur district. There was stone-pelting between the AIADMK and DMK cadres at Senthurai in which two persons were injured. Bus services remained suspended in most parts of the two districts.
.,17:55: Cadres of the AIADMK and the DMK pelted stones against each other after the former attacked the office of the former Union Minister A.Raja in Perambalur. The DMK cadres retaliated after some AIADMK supporters pelted stones at the office. AIADMK cadre also pulled down a 50-foot flag post of the DMK and damaged its base near Perambalur New Bus Stand. The party cadre also resorted to a road blockade near the bus stand for about 30 minutes and burnt effigies of DMK president M.Karunanidhi and BJP leader Subramanian Swamy. Shops remained closed in Perambalur and Veppanthattai.
17:01: Jayalalithaa has been sentenced to four years in jail and fined Rs. 100 crore; each of the other accused have been sentenced to four years in jail and fined Rs. 10 crore. Read full report
16:53: Verdict in Jayalalithaa case comes as a rude shock to the ruling AIADMK, casting a doubt over the 66-year-old leader’s political future ahead of the 2016 Assembly polls. Read more
Jayalalithaa has earned the dubious distinction of becoming the first Chief Minister in the country to be found guilty under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
16:42: Situation near Bangalore Court: A bus full of AIADMK party workers taken out of Parappana Aagrahara by the police.
Prohibitory orders in Parappana Agrahara extended from 1 km radius of the court to 5 km now.
People huddled in groups are being chased away
The HinduThe remains of a bus which was set on fire following violence which erupted in the wake of the verdict against Jayalalithaa, at Kammalapalayam in Kancheepuram district on Saturday. Photo: D. Gopalakrishnan
(The remains of a bus which was set on fire following violence which erupted in the wake of the verdict against Jayalalithaa, at Kammalapalayam in Kancheepuram district on Saturday. Photo: D. Gopalakrishnan)
16:04 Report from Bangalore: The crowd waiting near the Special Court on Hosur road is dispersing and the movement of traffic on the busy national highway is also smooth.
Meanwhile, the police have beefed up security around the court, awaiting the quantum of sentence.
T. Selvan, who came from Coimbatore this morning by train said he was disappointed. He said he is leaving to railway station to catch the train back home.
Many others are waiting to know the sentence that will be known shortly.
15.41: DMK supporters, wielding sticks and iron bars, guard Karunanidhi’s home
15.28: All roads leading to Mr. Karunanidhi's Gopalapuram residence have been cordoned off. A group of AIADMK cadre are still arguing with the policemen on security duty accusing them of conniving with the DMK leader.
15.25: In Coimbatore, AIADMK supporters march from the party office "Idhaya Deivam Maaligai" on Huzur across to Avanashi Road hardly 500m away raising slogans against the DMK and Karunanidhi. The procession ended in violence and even as the cadre started attacking the vehicles, the police intervened and diverted traffic. However, the cadre continued to resort to a road blockade.
Police diverted traffic off Avanashi Road and the entire otherwise busy stretch wore a deserted look. By 2.30 p.m., there were reports of the AIADMK cadre forcing shop keepers to down shutters across the city and rural areas.
The city and peripheral areas wore a deserted look with closed shops and empty streets by 3 p.m., even before the court was about to pronounce the quantum of sentence.
Effigies of Mr. Karunanidhi and DMK General Secretary K. Anbazhagan was reported on Avanashi Road, Pollachi and Karumbukkadai. A self-immolation bid was also reported from Palladam in the neighbouring Tirupur district. Bus services started thinning down as a matter of precaution.
As a matter of precaution, the DMK party office on Cross Cut Road in Coimbatore was closed by 3.15 p.m. and the AIADMK party office saw cadre with emotions running high resulting in slogan shouting.
15.13: Jayalalithaa convicted, what next? Can she appeal? Or is this it? Who becomes next CM now? Read here
15.11: AIADMK supporters try to storm into DMK president M. Karunanidhi's Gopalapuram residence in Chennai. Pelt stones, a fight breaks out between the two party men. A DMK supporter sustains bleeding injuries. Full report
15.08: Chennai Connect @ChennaiConnect tweets: Effigy burning at Lloyds Rd where AIADMK office is situated.
Effigy burning at Lloyds Rd where AIADMK office is situated. pic.twitter.com/abnbVEkKZO
— Chennai Connect (@ChennaiConnect) September 27, 2014
15.04: Shops and commercial establishments have started closing down across central districts following the conviction of Jayalalaithaa. Shops have been closed in Thanjavur, Nagapattinam, Karur, Pudukottai and Perambalur.
15.03: At Puducherry, the Puducherry Road Transport Corporation has suspended its premier Volvo bus services to Chennai fearing violence in the wake of the Bangalore special court verdict holding Jayalalithaa guilty. The PRTC is adopting a wait and watch approach and will take a call on running long-haul Volvo buses scheduled later in the day and other regular services to destinations in Tamil Nadu according to the situation, an official said.
14.59: In Madurai.. the scene is a bit tense as reports of AIADMK cadres pelting stones in a few places are coming in. police have stepped up security near Subramanian Swamy's house in Madurai. TNSTC buses suspended to many southern districts from Madurai, but police say it's a precautionary step. Many shops around Meenakshi temple down shutters.
14:55: Minutes after AIADMK partymen burnt the effigy of DMK leader M. Karunanidhi on Saturday afternoon, the Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation halted its services from the main bus stand in Erode.
TNSTC sources said the buses have been halted following information that damage would be caused to the vehicles by agitating AIADMK partymen. "We have asked for protection from the police department to operate the buses in batches," a senior official said.
While the early morning bus to Mysore had completed the trip and returned, a few buses that departed in the late morning hours were stopped at the Tamil Nadu border at Kolinjur.
However, the Karnataka State Transport Corporation Bus had not operated its bus service to Erode since morning. In view of the tense situation, other vehicles bound for Tamil Nadu from Karnkataka have been stopped at Chamaraj Nagar district bordering Tamil Nadu, Superintendent of Police M.R. Sibi Chakravarthy said.
After burning the effigy, the AIADMK partymen squatted on the road and blocked the traffic for a while. Soon after, a posse of police personnel rushed to the main bus stand and defused the situation.
Madurai: There are reports that AIADMK cadres are indulging in pelting stones on buses across Madurai region comprising nine districts in south Tamil Nadu.
Shops and establishments have downed shutters. TASMAC outlets have closed. Buses on the long run have been suspended apprehending problems by miscreants.
14.50: Tense situation prevails at Jayalalithaa’s constituency Srirangam. A group of partymen go around the temple town asking shops to close down. Many shopkeepers down shutters voluntarily. Full report
The police were in small strength and were mutely watching the situation.
14:47: In Coimbatore, the AIADMK cadre marched from the party office "Idhaya Deivam Maaligai" situated on Huzur road towards Avanashi road, raising slogans against the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) and its leader M. Karunanidhi. The procession resulted in violence with the cadre attacking the vehicles. The police intervened and diverted the traffic. The cadres continued to resort to a road blockade.
By 2.30 p.m., there were reports of the AIADMK cadre forcing shop keepers to down shutters across the city and rural areas. The city and peripheral areas wore a deserted look with closed shops and empty streets by 3 p.m. Office goers began rushing home by 2.30 p.m. itself. Normal life was thrown out of gear.
There are reports from Avanashi Road, Pollachi and Karumbukkadai stating that the effigies of DMK leader M. Karunanidhi and General Secretary K. Anbazhagan were set on fire.
Incidents of self-immolation bids were reported from Coimbatore, Palladam and Tirupur.
Bus services have started thinning down. Bus stand at Gandhipuram witnessed hundreds of passengers waiting for hours together.
As a precautionary measure, the DMK party office on Cross Cut Road in Coimbatore was closed by 3.15 p.m. and the AIADMK party office saw cadre indulging slogan shouting.
In one attempt at Anna Statue on Avanashi Road, an AIADMK cadre who was setting ablaze an effigy suffered burn injuries and was rushed to the hospital.
14.40 : While the prosecution pressed for conviction, the accused sought a liberal approach due to their age. Section 13(2) and 13(1) (e) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988, under which she has been convicted attracts a minimum punishment of one year and a maximum sentence up to seven years.
14.35 : Jayalalithaa's aides, Sasikala, V.N. Sudhakaran and J. Ilavarasi have also been convicted under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 in the disproporrtionate assets case registered almost 18 years ago.
Judge John Michael Cunha pronounced the verdict at Gandhi Bhavan, in front of Bangalore Cenral Prison at Parappana Agrahara, where the court has been temporarily shifted for pronouncing the verdict in view of the Z+ security provided to Jayalalithaa.
14.15 : Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa convicted of all charges, SPP G. Bhavani Singh told The Hindu. Arguments on quantum of sentence will begin at 3 p.m., Mr. Singh said adding the prosecution will press for maximum sentence for the four accused including Jayalalithaa. Consequently, according to the Peoples Representation Act, Jayalalithaa would be disqualified as an MLA and will lose her Chief Minister position instantlly. As a pointer, the National Flag on her car was removed. Read here
13:10 : Even though the verdict is yet to come, the mood in the DMK camp is upbeat and hundreds of partymen have assembled outside M. Karunanidhi's Gopalapuram residence. They are celebrating.
12:39 : Police cane-charge AIADMK supporters who were trying to proceed towards the special court in Bangalore, PTI reports. As the AIADMK sympathisers attempted to break the security cordon at Hosur Road Junction near the Tamil Nadu-Karnataka border, police pushed them back with ‘mild’ cane-charge.
12: 03 p.m: Premature celebrations at AIADMK HQ as supporters burst fireworks. There isn't any security in place.
11: 50 a.m: Lawyers emerging from the court say the verdict has been postponed to 1 p.m.
Chennai Mayor Saidai Duraisami and Power Minister Natham Vishwanathan pacing around outside the court complex.
11: 39 a.m: Police resort to mild lathicharge against surging AIADMK supporters.
11: 28 a.m: A refresher about the case and a timeline of events as we wait for the judgment. Read here
We have a series of questions coming in from our readers, our experts are answering them here :
Q : Do you think DMK will gain political mileage if the verdict goes against Jaya.
Yes. The DMK will gain political mileage, more so in the 2016 Assembly elections
Q: Can Jayalalithaa put a case on DMK if she wins today?
A: For malicious prosecution? No, because it is the State which is prosecuting her. In her private capacity, she is free to file any case against anybody, but not through the government.
Q from @bhushan_tweets: What does exactly the sec 8(4) of Representation of the People Act say? How is it helping the politicians?
A: The section is no more valid. It has been declared unconstitutional by the Supreme Court. It was earlier used to protect sitting MLAs and MPs. It said when an MLA or MP is convicted while in office, the disqualification normally applicable to others will be deferred for three months. If an appeal is filed in the meantime, the disqualification is automatically stayed. This helped them continue in office without obtaining a favourable order on appeal.
Q: Who becomes next CM if Ms. Jayalaithaa gets convicted?
A: It's anybody's guess. There are many names doing the rounds. Finance Minister O.Panneerselvam, who on a similar occasion earlier became Chief Minister, and Visalakshi Nedunchezhian top the list.
Q: If convicted, can she appeal? Or is this it?
A: She has the right to appeal. This is only a Special Court.
As we wait for the judgement do head over to our live chat with our in-house experts to clarify all your questions on the case.
10: 50 a.m: A large number of AIADMK supporters arrive in Bangalore.
10: 40 a.m: Five Ministers whose vehicles were stuck in a traffic jam are walking towards the venue : O. Paneerselvam, Power Minister Nattam Vishwanatham, Housing board Minister Vaidyalingam, Highways Minister Yedapadi Palaniswamy, Rural Development Minister Pa. Mohan
10: 38 a.m: Chief Minister Jayalalithaa arrives at the Bangalore Court complex clad in a green saree, considered lucky for her. With her were close aide Sasikala, VN Sudhakaran and J Ilavarasi.
10: 36 a.m: Traffic movement has been stopped on Hosur Road.
10: 30 a.m: Jayalalithaa to arrive in a few minutes to Parapana Agrahara. Anxiety high among followers as the police make arrangements with alternative route.
#AIADMK cadre at the party headquarters in Chennai gather, raising slogans praising their leader. pic.twitter.com/S2ZnN1GS3Q
— Chennai Connect (@ChennaiConnect) September 27, 2014
10: 25 a.m: Chief Minister Jayalalithaa on her way to the Special Court in Gandhi Bhavan at Parapana Agrahara, police sources say.
10: 07 a.m: Most AIADMK big-wigs take position 20 metres away from court with VVIP passes. Rajya Sabha MP Navaneethakrishnan waves to the media.
If convicted, Jayalalithaa will face immediate disqualification as Member of the Legislative Assembly and will have to relinquish office.
If acquitted, it will free her of all charges, further reinforcing her claim that the case was based on rival DMK's political vendetta.
9:59 a.m: Meanwhile, the AIADMK headquarters in Chennai wears a deserted look.
9:50 a.m: Judge John Michael Cunha arrives at Parapana Agrahara with full security.
Man of the moment: Judge John Michael Cunha: Read
9:40 a.m: All cameras are set for the big verdict. Chief Minister Jayalalithaa is expected here after 10:30 a.m.
9.33 am: Several leaders and supporters of AIADMK gathered on Hosur Road to welcome Jayalalithaa leading to huge traffic jam on roads leading to Special Court venue.
9:24 a.m: All shops near the Bangalore Court have been shut today.
9.24 a.m.: The AIADMK's Karnataka State Unit president Pugazhandi has put out a series of banners and posters from Outer Ring Road junction leading to the venue of Special Court near Central Prison at Parappana Agrahara. All shops forced shut near court
9.15 a.m.: AIADMK workers bring traffic to a standstill on Hosur Road en route court complex
All eyes at the Parappana Agrahara prison complex, where the judgment is set to be pronounced: Read
9:10 a.m: Jayalalithaa has reached Chennai airport and is to fly to Bangalore shortly
Helipad being readied in Bangalore ahead of Ms. Jayalalithaa's landing.
9.07 a.m.: TN Minister B.V. Ramana left for the court complex
8.45 a.m: AIADMK workers flood Bangalore with posters of Amma. A taste of Chennai in Bangalore?
8: 30 a.m: Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa left her Poes Garden residence in Chennai. Expected to reach airport at 9 am and take special aircraft to Bangalore. Read here
Silver articles and gold ornaments found at Ms. Jayalalithaa's residence in 1997. The Hindu Archives
All you need to know about the case today: Timeline of events and more. Read here
An epic trial that witnessed a see-saw battle for 18 years reaches its climax today. The case against her is that she acquired wealth worth Rs. 66.65 crore during her stint as Chief Minister between 1991 and 1996, and that she was abetted in this by her aide Ms. Sasikala and two of her relatives, V.N. Sudhakaran (Ms. Jayalalithaa’s former foster son) and J. Ilavarasi. The defence has argued that there was no evidence to show that three of them were ‘benamis’ of Ms. Jayalalithaa and that all four have accounted for their assets through legitimate means.
Follow this space for live updates.

A hint of the vintage SehwagMore
A hint of the vintage Sehwag
The Plays of the day from the CLT20 match between Kings XI Punjab and Northern Knights, in Mohali.
By Siddarth Ravindran | ESPNcricinfo –  Sat 27 Sep, 2014 11:11 AM IST
Tweet
0
Sehwag plays a shot against Knights in Mohali.Six of the best — When he was waylaying bowling attacks in his pomp, Virender Sehwag played the upper cut as well as any other batsman in the world. Even as age catches up with the 35-year-old, he still showed sparks of his genius during his 52. One such moment was in the fourth over, when he hit the most effortless of sixes; he spotted a short and wide ball from Scott Kuggeleijn, bent his knees to get under it and gently coaxed the ball not just over slip but also the leaping Tim Southee at third man.
The drop — Glenn Maxwell may have only been with Kings XI Punjab for one IPL season so far, but he has firmly established himself as a crowd favourite in Mohali. With Kings XI already sprinting at more than 10 an over, the fans were already at full volume when he walked in during the 12th over. In the next one, he top edged a shot and sent the ball high and towards the wicketkeeper. BJ Watling had plenty of time to pedal back and get under it, he did pedal back but a step too far and he had to lunge forward to try pouch what should have been a regulation catch. The ball slipped through his gloves, and he was left distraught, unlike the Mohali faithful.
The catch — If dropped catches have been a familiar sight in the CLT20, acrobatic takes at the boundary have also been a common occurrence. In the 19th over, George Bailey slammed the ball towards the long-off boundary, only for Anton Devcich to snag the ball overhead with his fingertips. Devcich was inches from the rope, and was set to go over, so he nonchalantly tossed the ball up, went over and came back to complete the catch. Just a few years ago, these sort of catches were unheard of, much less attempted. Now, it is a disappointment if the fielder doesn't complete them.
The run-out — Northern Knights were in disarray by the midway stage of their chase. Things became even more bleak after a moment of brilliance from Maxwell. Watling pushed the ball towards cover, and the non-striker Scott Styris was racing for a single. Watling was hesitant, Styris had to turn back. In that time, Maxwell had sprung on to the ball, swivelled and lasered in a throw at the base of the off stump at the non-strikers' end. They called for the third umpire, but Styris was so far out that he didn't wait for the replay.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Announcement of dividend on agm 27.9.14 25% possiblePlatinum Member
72 Followers
My serious advice to fellow boarders who seriously invest in shares must not take this board seriously.This is a palce where many people post to confuse others.I can tell you 100`s of my experience here.Just one you hear.When Havells moved down few years before to 110.I purchased with the intention of making some money.regularly i read the postings here and posted my view too.atlast i sold all my holdings with one veteren`s advice and telephonic conversation.Then I forgot like any other ordinary investor .I have not seen it even moving to 500  and then further to 1000  and now it has split to FV1 also.I had 3000 shares.Just i narrated one incidence to help real investors to be careful.so many cunning and vicious elements are here in the board.You may visit, but dont take decisions based on their views.JPA is not a bad comapny at all.who ever says I won` accept.Keep on addinf and averaging.Youw ill sell only on profit.This KFA like issues are fantacies of these type of guys.Never ever give your phone no to any one on the board.I would have become millonare by this time if i palyed my game as per my conviction.No opinions.That is what I am doing now.i am gradually succeding.I lost a lot.I leant a lot.Thanks to all JPA boarders.I am taking leave.You won`t see me again here.I don`t believe it is useful to pass silly comments.Spend your time wisely.All the best.

Fz gtl infra will reverse from monday...Platinum Member
431 Followers
Defi gtl closed at the final support of 2.9 ....now it,that breaks it goin to hit 2.6......monday should be make or break if reverses then v will see 3.3 again ....narroe range ......buddy
6.46 PM Sep 27th

Above 5 rs ... gtl infra will run non stop till 10 rs.....Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

All of you are speaking like this because it has hit upper circuit on ...Platinum Member
71 Followers
All of you are speaking like this because it has hit upper circuit on Friday and many of you were left out. Now just enjoy the ride
5.06 PM Sep 27th  | Track

Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa found guilty in corruption case  has to quitSep 27, 2014 at  04:12pm IST
Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa found guilty in corruption case, has to quit
51
1
Bangalore: In what could bring about a major turn in Tamil Nadu politics, a special court in Bangalore convicted AIADMK supremo and state Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa in an 18-year-old disproportionate assets case under the Prevention of Corruption Act.
The AIADMK chief's close aide Sasikala too has been found guilty along with her relative Ilavarasi and Jayalalithaa's disowned foster son Sudhakaran.
#jayalalithaa #tamil nadu #cm #da case
Sentencing and the quantum of the punishment will be announced at 3 PM.
Special Judge John Michael D'Cunha convicted the 66-year-old AIADMK Chief in a case of owning assets to the tune Rs 66,65 crores disproportionate to her known sources of income during 1991-96 when she was chief minister for the first time.
The Tamil Nadu CM will be taken into custody shortly.
The area around the court was turned into a fortress as the platoons of Karnataka State Reserve Police, the city Armed Reserve and the Rapid Action Force were deployed, besides hundreds of police personnel, including those in plain clothes.
A large number of AIADMK supporters had gathered since early morning.
The prolonged trial saw five judges - A S Pachapure, A T Munoli, B M Mallikarjunaiah, M S Balakrishna and John Michael D'Cunha.
The case was transferred to Bangalore's Special Court in 2003 by the Supreme Court on a petition filed by DMK leader K Anbazhagan who had expressed doubts over conduct of fair trial with Jayalalithaa as Chief Minister.
Security has been increased at the DMK headquarters and residences of its senior leaders. Police said that on a request from DMK, security had been increased at "Anna Arivalayam", the headquarters of DMK, two residences of former
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister and DMK President M Karunanidhi and the residence of Anbazhagan, party's general secretary.
Appearing before the court four times, Jayalalithaa has answered 1,339 questions in closed door hearings during which she has maintained that the case was "politically
motivated" and "fabricated" at the instance of her rival DMK.
Controversy also swirled around the case after Karnataka Advocate General B V Acharya quit as Special Public Prosecutor and Bhavani Singh came in his place. Questions were raised in the Supreme Court over appointment of Singh also.
The case was filed by Subramanian Swamy in 1996. She was arrested and jailed for some days after DMK came to power in the 1996 Tamil Nadu Assembly polls.
(With inputs from PTI)

ADB sells entire stake in Petronet LNGADB sells entire stake in Petronet LNG
Reuters        Last Updated: September 27, 2014  | 10:56 IST
Asian Development Bank (ADB) sold its entire 5.2 per cent stake in gas supplier Petronet LNG Ltd for Rs. 714 crore ($116.8 million) on Friday via block deals, BSE data showed.
ADB sold over 39 million shares of Petronet LNG on BSE in various block deals, at an average price of Rs. 183.2 apiece.
The shares were bought by Citigroup Global Markets Mauritius Pvt Ltd and HDFC Mutual funds among others, according to BSE data.
Citigroup bought 8.8 million shares, HDFC Top 200 Fund took 3.77 million shares, while HDFC Equity Fund purchased 4.67 million shares at Rs. 183.2 rupees a share each.
The gas supplier's shares ended down 3.8 per cent at Rs. 185.50 on Friday on BSE.
ADB had on Thursday launched a share sale in Petronet LNG to raise up to $120 million, three sources with direct knowledge of the deal had told Reuters.
($1 = 61.1400 Indian rupee)

Volcano erupts in Japan  injuries reportedDense fumes are spewed out from several spots on the slope of Mt. Ontake as the volcano erupts in central Japan Saturday, Sept. 27, 2014. (AP Photo)
Associated Press | Tokyo | Posted: September 27, 2014 1:06 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 5:15 pm
A volcano erupted in central Japanon Saturday, catching mountain climbers by surprise and trapping more than 250 people. At least 11 people were injured, including seven who were unconscious.
With a sound likened to thunder, Mount Ontake erupted shortly before noon, spewing large white plumes of ash high into the sky and sending people on the mountainside fleeing, covering some in ash.
More than 250 people were trapped on the mountain and a nearby peak in areas that were dangerous to approach, though some had decided to try making their way down as sunset approached, said Nagano prefecture crisis management official Minoru Kashiwabara.
Eleven people were injured, eight seriously, including the seven who lost consciousness, Kashiwabara said.
On the Gifu prefecture side of the mountain, 52 people were able to descend, the Fire and Disaster Management Agency said.
The 3,067-metre Mount Ontake sits on the border of Nagano and Gifu prefectures, on the main Japanese island of Honshu.
One witness told Japanese public broadcaster NHK that the eruption started with large booms that sounded like thunder.
In a YouTube video shown on Japanese TV, shocked climbers can be seen moving quickly away from the peak as an expanding plume of ash emerges above and then engulfs them.
Mikio Oguro, an NHK journalist who was on the slope on an unrelated assignment, told the station that he saw massive smoke coming out of the crater, blocking sunlight and reducing visibility to zero.
“Massive ash suddenly fell and the entire area was totally covered with ash,” he said by phone. He and his crew had to use headlights to find a lodge to take refuge.
“My colleagues later told me that they thought they might die,” Oguro said.
Japan’s meteorological agency raised the alert level for Mount Ontake to 3 on a scale of 1 to 5. It warned people to stay away from the mountain, saying ash and other debris could fall up to 4 kilometres away.

RBI unlikely to change interest rates: S Kri...commentary
("The food inflation is something…)
In a chat with ET Now, S KrishnaKumar, Head Equity, Sundaram Mutual, shares his views on the market and the upcoming RBI policy on September 30. Excerpts:
ET Now: Let's talk about the big action in the market on Friday. The speed at which market rebounded, almost 80-90 points on the Nifty from lows, mainly on the S&P outlook upgrade, how do you analyse this development?
S Krishnakumar: This was expected to happen sometime now in terms of the outlook being raised to stable. However, the more important expectation would be to see the credit rating being upgraded, which would happen over the next one or two quarters. So that would be more important from the cost of funds perspective rather than just outlook upgrade. The other rating agencies already have India's outlook at stable. So it is just that S&P has been moving up to match the others.
ET Now: How are you looking at this correction that we have seen with the Nifty and the Sensex almost 2 per cent down for the week? Should we be reading a lot more into it?
S Krishnakumar: There was some amount of excesses in the market in some of the market cap segments like small caps and midcaps and also in certain sectors. The markets were waiting for a reason to correct a little bit and consolidate. The two events which came by in terms of the coal block cancellation and delay in gas pricing announcements, both of them dampened the sentiments and resulted in triggering a correction in the markets. Our view is that as we head into the results season, the results are going to be a little disappointing compared to the current valuations and expectations. So the current month could be a time where the markets could again move sideways rather than getting into a fresh near-term up market. However, we remain positive on the long run and we think investors should use this kind of time correction to get into the markets.
ET Now: Let us talk about the big factor which the market would be watching out for next week and that is of course the RBI policy scheduled on September 30. What would you be watching out for as a market participant as cues from the commentary of the governor ?
S Krishnakumar: Dr. Raghuram Rajan has clearly guided for an inflation glide and rate glide that would accompany it. So we think we are going to continue to be on a pause at this point in time. There is enough liquidity in the market. So that is not a worry. We would expect the RBI to probably look at easing rates over the next three months as we get more data from the inflation front, mainly the food inflation side. We believe that the non-food inflation is definitely on the way down and that is not a cause of worry. The food inflation is something that RBI would be keenly watching out for and the trajectory would determine rate action. So we would expect a pause at this point in time.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Veteran actor Sanjay Khan gets nod to build theme park in AgraPrint
Written by Mohd Faisal Fareed | Lucknow | Posted: September 27, 2014 4:40 pm
Based on the idea of depicting the history and culture of seven cities, veteran actor and film director Sanjay Khan has been given the green signal by the Uttar Pradesh government to set up a theme park in Agra.
Spread over an area of nearly 1,000 acres, the theme park will require an investment of over Rs 1,000 crore.
The state government has already initiated steps towards setting up of the theme park by issuing notices for acquisition of land from the farmers for the project.
A Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) will be formed soon to transfer the equity to Khan. The total cost of the land for the project will be nearly Rs 590 crore.
Khan, who held several meetings with state government officials earlier, had recently met Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav for his dream project. Khan also showed a 15-minute promotional film about the project to the CM, following which he has been allowed to set up the theme park.
The unique park will have seven sections depicting different periods of history — from ancient to modern era. Each era will have its own arrangement of cities, market and buildings constructed on the same lines as they existed in that particular period. “If it is depicting Patliputra of ancient times, everything will be constructed in the same pattern. Visitors can roam through the city and get a feel about the history,” Manoj Kumar Singh, Managing Director, Uttar Pradesh State Industrial Development Corporation (UPSIDC) told The Indian Express.
These seven cities will be connected through a monorail to ferry tourists from one city to another. The theme park will also offer at least four starred hotels, an area for theme-based wedding functions and shooting areas for film makers.
The State government is hopeful that the theme park, due to its location at a famous tourist location, will attract a regular inflow of customers, boosting tourism. Better connectivity from Delhi through Yamuna Expressway and to Lucknow through Lucknow-Agra Green Expressway has also been considered while sanctioning the project.

I was hesitant to do ‘3 AM : Anindita NayarPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 27, 2014 4:38 pm
Actress Anindita Nayar says her fear of supernatural elements made her doubtful about signing for the horror film ’3 AM’.
Anindita co-stars with VJ-actor Ranvijay Singh in the film, which released yesterday. The actress says the script and director Vishal Mahadkar’s narration made her take up the movie.
“I had reservations about doing the film because I am scared of such films. In fact, I would not have even watched a film like ’3 AM’ but the way Vishal narrated me the script that got me in. I really like the story of the movie,” Anindita told PTI.
Anindita, who made her Bollywood debut with Vir\ Das-starrer ‘Amit Sahni ki List’, says she feels happy that Vishal was keen on working with her.
“Vishal wanted to work me from the beginning and if thing had taken different turn I would have made my debut with his film ‘Blood Money’. Though that did not happen, he showed interest in working with me. This also became one of my reasons to sign ’3 AM’,” she said.
The 24-year-old actress is looking forward to her next film which will be a satire.
“I want to be versatile and give something new to my audience every time I can come on scree. My first film was a romantic comedy, ’3 AM’ is a horror and the next will be a satire, so that’s quite a variety,” Anindita said.

Violence erupts in Tamil Nadu after Jaya’s convictionMembers of AIADMK holding a protest in Coimbatore on Saturday over conviction of the party supremo and Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa by a Bengaluru court in a disproportionate assests case. (Source: PTI)
Chennai | Posted: September 27, 2014 4:35 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 5:43 pm
On Saturday violence broke out in several parts of Tamil Nadu after Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa was convicted in a graft case with angry AIADMK supporters indulging in stone pelting and arson and forcing closure of shops.
Tension prevailed as protesters burnt effigies of DMK President M Karunanidhi, his sons M K Stalin and M K Alagiri and tore party posters in various places including in Chennai and Madurai.
While some protesters pelted stones at the residence of BJP leader Subramanian Swamy, DMK and AIADMK supporters clashed at Gopalapuram here.
A state-owned transport corporation bus was set on fire at Veppur village and some 20 buses damaged in stone-pelting in Cuddalore district, police said.
Stone pelting incidents were reported in Ambattur here, Edapadi in Salem district, Cuddalore and in Srirangam, Jayalalithaa’s assembly constituency, police said.
Shops and commercial establishments downed shutters in various parts of the state. Protesters also damaged two-wheelers parked alongside roads in Madurai, they said.
In Chennai, effigies of DMK leaders were burnt in Poes Garden area.
In Madurai, AIADMK men blocked traffic and asked the shops and business houses to close their units.
Police said some shops were ransacked and stones pelted in Tiruchirapalli and Dindigul. Security personnel in large numbers have been posted to maintain law and order, police said.

Bonded with Naseeruddin Shah over food: Om PuriPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 27, 2014 4:34 pm
Besides carving a niche while playing together some of the pivotal roles in Hindi cinema, Bollywood greats and friends Naseeruddin Shah and Om Puri bonded over food and loved having dishes like brain curry.
“It was Naseer who turned me into a non-vegetarian,” said Puri while mentioning their gastronomical journeys in old Delhi during the launch of Shah’s memoirs “And Then One Day” in the national capital last night.
Shah and Puri were classmates in the National School of Drama and have been friends for more than 40 years now. But few know that Puri was a vegetarian when he joined NSD.
“One day Naseer and I were having a meal together and he asked me to try some meat. When I refused, he insisted that I should eat my rice with some gravy from the non-veg curry that he was eating. I tried and liked it. Then on another day he made me taste a small piece of meat and I liked that too. Eventually he made me a non- vegetarian too!”
The veterans have acted together in iconic films like “Aakrosh”, “Droh Kaal”, “Sparsh”, “Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro”, “Ardh Satya”, “Paar”, “Mandi” and “Albert Pinto Ko Gussa Kyon Aata Hai”.
At the launch, the book, published by Hamish Hamilton, was introduced by Chiki Sarkar, Publisher of Penguin Random House.
A conversation between Shah and naturalist-author Pradip Krishen followed during which Shah spoke about his book, his life and journey.
Shah also read out the passage from the book in which he talked about standing at his father’s grave. Even while reading what he had already penned, his eyes turned moist and there was an unusual silence in the auditorium.
Shah’s actor wife Ratna Pathak Shah was among a host of other people present at the launch.

Court fixes defamation case against Smriti Irani for Feb 28Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 27, 2014 4:22 pm
A Delhi court today fixed February 28 next year for hearing a criminal defamation complaint filed by Congress leader Sanjay Nirupam against Union Human Resource Development (HRD) Minister Smriti Irani.
Metropolitan Magistrate Dheeraj Mittal, who had earlier summoned Irani as an accused asking her to appear today, was on leave and the matter was posted for the next date.
Nirupam, a former Congress MP, had filed the complaint against Irani alleging that on December 20, 2012, when assembly election results of Gujarat were announced, the BJP leader had made “defamatory and scurrilous comments” against him during a TV debate.
“That the accused (Irani), a Member of Parliament of the BJP defamed the complainant by making direct aspersions on the character of the complainant (Nirupam),” the complaint had said.
“The complainant’s (Nirupam) reputation of excellence and integrity has been dented due to the scurrilous, defamatory and derogatory comments made by accused during the said debate,” it had alleged.
Nirupam had said that he had sent a legal notice to Irani through his counsel on July 25 last year asking her to tender an “unconditional public apology” for allegedly making defamatory comments against him but she did not reply to it.
Earlier, Irani had also filed a defamation complaint against Nirupam for allegedly defaming her during the same debate on the private news channel and the court had framed charges against him for allegedly using derogatory and indecent language against her.
On Irani’s complaint, the court had put Nirupam on trial under sections 500 (defamation) and 509 (uttering any word or making any gesture intended to insult the modesty of a woman) of the IPC.
If convicted, section 500 of the IPC entails a simple imprisonment for two years or fine or both. Section 509 of IPC carries a simple jail term of one year or fine or both.
Irani, a Rajya Sabha member, had claimed in her complaint that Nirupam had allegedly questioned her credentials to analyse poll results given her background as a TV actress.

J&K floods: People block arterial roads in Srinagar due to delay in dewateringPrint
Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: September 27, 2014 5:07 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 5:16 pm
A number of people, mostly women, on Saturday blocked many arterial roads in protest against alleged lack of concern of officials in dewatering the flooded areas in the city, the summer capital of Jammu and Kashmir.
Dozens of residents, mostly women, hailing from Maisuma and Koker Bazaar localities near Lal Chowk blocked the Budshah Bridge to protest against alleged official apathy in dewatering these areas.
“Most of the houses in Maisuma have become unsafe for living and the affected people are not sure when they can start reconstruction works,” Saleema, one of the women protestors, said.
“It has been 21 days since flood water entered our areas and the government does not seem to be bothered,” she said.
Shabir Ahmad, who owns a shop in Budshah Chowk, said while dozens of heavy duty pumps were installed in Rajbagh and Jawahar Nagar area for dewatering, only few fire tenders were used for draining out water from the commercial hub of Kashmir.
The protestors demanded that City Deputy Commissioner Farooq Ahmad Shah should come and visit the area to get firsthand account of tardy pace of dewatering.
The blockade of the arterial bridge snapped traffic movement between north and south parts of the city.
Similar protests were also held at Bemina and Qamarwari area where the residents, besides seeking faster dewatering, were also seeking relief material like blankets, ration and medicines.
None of the officials from the state government could be contacted for comment as the telecommunication network in the valley has not been fully restored yet.
Deputy Commissioner, Srinagar, was not in his office as his subordinate staff told PTI that he had gone to attend to the emergent situations in the city.

BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty slump nearly 2 per cent on all-round sellingSecond-line stocks too suffered heavy losses as their indices, the BSE-Smallcap and the BSE-Midcap tumbled by 6.08 per cent and 4.50 per cent, respectively.
PTI | Mumbai | Posted: September 27, 2014 5:04 pm
Cutting their six-session gaining string, both Sensex and Nifty ended down by nearly 464 points and 153 points, respectively as the week saw market swaying on a host of negative factors.
In the midst of Supreme Court verdict on coal block allocations, sustained FII selling, weak global cues and even deferment of decision on gas price mainly weighed on market sentiment.
Onset of the week saw the bourses strongly rebounding, sidelining global weakness amid buying in bluechip stocks.
But, continued FII selling, concerns over global growth after data showing Eurozone’s private sector activity slowing down and China showed factory employment slumped to 5-1/2 year low led the benchmark to 2-1/2 month low, eroding investor wealth by Rs 1.6 trillion on Tuesday.
The market witnessed further selling after Supreme Court cancelled the allocation of 214 coal blocks out of 218.
Selling pressure also mounted as the government once again deferred decision on hike in gas price and caution ahead of derivative expiry of September series.
The volatile market was finally calmed by credit rating agency Standard & Poor’s (S&P) revision in country’s outlook to stable from negative on political ability to push growth and reforms.
The benchmark S&P BSE Sensex resumed lower and traded in a wide range between 27,256.87 and 26,220.49 before ending the week at 26,626.32, showing loss of 464.10 points or 1.71 per cent.
On September 23, it had plunged 431.05 points, or 1.58 per cent, registering biggest fall since July 8, 2014 when it had stumbled by 517.97 points or 1.98 per cent.
The NSE 50-share Nifty also moved in a range of 8,159.90 and 7,841.80 before closing sharply down by 152.60 points, or 1.88 per cent, at 7,968.85.
FPIs/FIIs, the main market drivers, sold shares worth Rs 3,124.21 crore during the week, including provisional figure of September 26.
Meanwhile, Asian Development Bank (ADB) revised country’s GDP upwards to 6.3 per cent in 2015 as economy shows a new promise of turnaround.
Jignesh Chaudhary, Head Of Research, Veracity Broking Services said, “The Indian equity markets observed huge correction during the week as there was profit-booking. In spite of a huge move taken by the Government in which the Prime Minister initiated ‘MAKE IN INDIA’ to encourage the industrial output of the country.”
“The markets then also stayed in red in mid-week and recovered on last day when S&P revised India’s credit outlook to stable from negative so the markets reacted positively on the same.
“The much-awaited US visit of the Prime Minister is also scheduled in the coming week so that also would be affecting the markets. The economic calendar would be active in the coming week for Indian & US economy both as there are many important data releases continued…

Samsung Galaxy Alpha review: Samsung attempts Apple s design emphasis but falls short on techALSO SEE Galaxy Alpha: Samsung's metal-framed, thinnest Android phone unveiled
The Alpha will be available in the US starting Friday through AT&T. It will cost $200 with a two-year service contract, or $613 without one. The $613 price, which can be paid in installments, is less than the $650 starting price for the Galaxy S5 and the iPhone 6. You also get double the storage with the Alpha, but it's still a high price to pay for technology that isn't top of the line.
The build:
The Alpha's metal frame represents a departure from previous Samsung Galaxy phones, which primarily consisted of polycarbonate plastics.
However, the Alpha still has a plastic back, albeit one that feels smoother p nicer than what's on the S5. You can swap in a spare battery, but can't add a memory card.
What struck me most was how the Alpha feels much like last year's iPhone 5s. The sides are smooth and straight, and the edges are at right angles, like the box for a deck of cards. The corners, though, are curved.
By contrast, the new iPhones feature curved edges, so they feel thinner, lighter and less boxy. But the Alpha is actually smaller, thinner and lighter than the iPhone 6 - by a tad. Compared with both, the S5 feels giant.
The screen:
Size isn't all that matters. The screens on the iPhone 6 and the S5 are both sharper than the Alpha's. The Alpha's screen is decent for reading text and viewing images, but it's about the same resolution as what Samsung built into the Galaxy S III phone back in 2012.
Like other Samsung phones, the Alpha uses a screen technology called AMOLED, for active-matrix organic light-emitting diodes. This is designed to produce richer colors than iPhones, but sometimes the technology goes overboard. For instance, some people complain that AMOLED technology distorts colour, so human skin looks too orange, for instance. There was a hint of that when viewing photos and video, but not enough to bother me.
The camera:
The Alpha's camera is 12 megapixels, less than the 16 megapixels on the S5. Although the Alpha's megapixel count is still higher than the iPhone's 8 megapixels, Apple has squeezed many other technological touches into iPhones to deliver consistently good images.
I took dozens of photos with all three phones and found the megapixel count mattered only in a handful. In good light, street signs and posters on a store window across the street came out slightly better on both Samsung phones.
However, the iPhone 6 was typically better at getting the focus right, particularly for low-light and close-up shots. The iPhone 6 quickly captures text on a bottle of contact lens solution, while it took a few tries with the Samsung phones to get the focusing right.
On some evening shots of the New York skyline, I could make out the rectangular windows of apartment buildings when using the iPhone, thanks to anti-shake stabilization technology. With both Samsung phones, the lights from the windows were bleeding into one another.
In my test shots, the iPhone 6 also had better white balance to offset the yellowish colouring of indoor lighting. That said, the Alpha produced the richest colours in a few of my shots.
The remaining hardware:
Like the S5, the Alpha has a heart-rate monitor for fitness apps and a fingerprint sensor to unlock the phone. But the Alpha lacks the S5's waterproof coverings. The new iPhones have only the fingerprint sensor. The Alpha and the iPhone 6 have comparable battery life in my tests.
The Alpha's storage stands out. It offers 32 gigabytes for about the same price as a 16-gigabyte phone from most rivals. With the new iPhones, Apple has doubled the storage in the pricier models, but the base models are still at 16 gigabytes. Most phones cost $100 more for a 32-gigabyte version.
Even with the added storage, the Alpha just seems too expensive for what you get. Given that memory costs have been coming down, more storage ought to be as routine as faster processors in each generation of phones.
The Alpha's design is impressive, but the rest of the phone is only adequate. HTC and Apple, for instance, have both been able to produce stunning designs while squeezing in the latest technologies.
Apple has made design central to its iPhones since its first model in 2007. Samsung seems to embracing the importance of design with the Alpha. Along the same lines, the upcoming Galaxy Note 4 phone will have a similar metal frame as Samsung attempts to ratchet up its rivalry with Apple. With better hardware, that phone will have a better chance than the Alpha at challenging the new iPhones.
Network

Narendra Modi in US - Journey from outside the White House to private dinner with Obamapicture  others
Narendra Modi in US – Journey from outside the White House to private dinner with Obama
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has left for his five-day US visit where he will be addressing the UNGA and meeting with US President Barack Obama. Before his private dinner with the US President over the weekend here's an image of Modi which was taken 20 years ago when he had visited the country as a tourist.
Seen here Narendra Modi (2nd from left) outside the White House in Washington in 1994 along with G Kishan Reddy (1st from left), currently BJP State President, Telangana. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on his arrival at Frankfurt international airport, Germany during his break journey to United States of America, on Thursday late night.(Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on his arrival at Frankfurt international airport, Germany during his break journey to United States of America, on Thursday late night. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on his arrival at Frankfurt international airport, Germany during his break journey to United States of America, on Thursday late night. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the plane for Frankfurt on the way of his United States visit, at AFS Palam in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Related

Verma wins silver to cap off fruitful day fo...You are here: Home > Collections > Silver
Abhishek Verma wins silver to cap off fruitful day for Indian archers
PTI Sep 27, 2014, 01.29PM IST
Tags:
Abhishek Verma
(Verma was beaten by his…)
INCHEON: In what turned out to be a fruitful day for the Indian archers in the 17th Asian Games, Abhishek Verma settled for a silver after going down to Esmaeil Ebadi of Iran in the compound men's individual gold medal match here today.
Verma was beaten by his Iranian opponent by a narrow 141-145 margin at the Gyeyang Asiad Archery Field here.
While Ebadi had shot 10 perfect 10s to his credit, the Indian had scored just eight.
The Indian archer was always playing a catching up game in the finals, as he had 112 points at the end of the fourth round, as against 115 points of his opponent.
In the fifth and final round, the Iranian shot three perfect 10s, leaving the Indian no chance of making a comeback.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Catalan leader calls for independence refere...Catalan leader calls for independence referendum, defying Madrid
By AFP | 27 Sep, 2014, 02.34PM IST
The Spanish government has said it will block the ballot planned by Artur Mas by appealing to the Constitutional Court.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BARCELONA: The president of Catalonia on Saturday called a referendum for November 9 on whether the region should be independent from Spain , defying Madrid's attempts to block the move.
The Spanish government has said it will block the ballot planned by Artur Mas by appealing to the Constitutional Court .

New underwater discoveries in hunt for MH370Officials are conducting an intensive survey of the seabed of southern Indian Ocean before the underwater probe for MH370 can begin.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SYDNEY: Remnants of volcanoes, towering ridges and deep trenches have been discovered on the seabed of the southern Indian Ocean by experts mapping the underwater terrain as part of the search for missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370.
Australian authorities released the three-dimensional images on Friday, revealing for the first time details about the seafloor where efforts are being concentrated to find the jet, which is presumed to have crashed into the sea on March 8.
The area in which the plane is thought to have gone down is remote and largely unexplored, and officials are conducting an intensive survey of the seabed before the underwater probe for the plane can begin.
"The recently acquired high-resolution bathymetry (underwater survey) data has revealed many of these seabed features for the first time," the Australian Transport Safety Bureau , the agency leading the search, said in a statement.
"It is also revealing finer-scale seabed features that were not visible in the previous low-resolution, satellite-derived bathymetry data."
The MH370 search area far off Western Australia includes the seabed on and around an extensive, mountainous ridge that once formed the margin between two geological plates.
The expanse has many of the features typically found in such areas, with the tectonic movements having created now-extinct volcanoes, rugged ridges up to 300 metres high and trenches some 1,400 metres deep compared to the surrounding sea floor, the ATSB said.
The bureau said the identification of these features would assist in navigation during the underwater search phase for the Boeing 777, which is due to begin next month.
Australia has vowed to do all it can to find the last resting place of MH370, which was carrying 239 people, many of them Chinese passengers, when it went missing during a routine flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing.
The plane is believed to have crashed into the southern Indian Ocean far off the west coast of Australia after mysteriously diverting off-course, but a massive air, sea and underwater search has failed to find any wreckage.
Experts have used technical data to finalise its most likely resting place ahead of next month's underwater search.

BlackBerry cuts loss  sees rising sales  sha...BlackBerry cuts loss and sees rising sales; shares jump
By Reuters | 27 Sep, 2014, 01.11PM IST
BlackBerry Ltd reported a smaller quarterly loss on Friday in an early sign that its drawn-out turnaround efforts might be working.
ET SPECIAL:
TORONTO: BlackBerry Ltd reported a smaller quarterly loss on Friday and flashed encouraging signals about its hard-pressed smartphone business as well as its software and services sales, spurring a more than 4 per cent jump in its shares.
The Canadian company, a smartphone pioneer pushed to the margins by Apple's iPhone and devices running Google's
Android software, is now focusing more on software and services than on hardware as it works through a long turnaround.
On the services front, the company reported a huge number of conversions in its second quarter to its heavily promoted new device management platform. But BlackBerry's hardware unit also offered hopeful news, posting an adjusted profit for the first time in five quarters, helped by lower manufacturing costs and strong demand for its low-end Z3 handsets in emerging markets.
"This is the first time in a long time that we have actually made money on hardware," Chief Executive John Chen told reporters, while hinting at plans to unveil new phones at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona in 2015. "We think we can continue on that track, so hardware is no longer going to be a drag to the margin and the earnings."
The Waterloo , Ontario-based company's revenue in North America rose from the previous quarter, but sales slipped elsewhere. Its total revenue was down more than 40 per cent from a year earlier.
"They're taking all the right steps, which is great. It's encouraging to see," said BGC Partners analyst Colin Gillis. "Now we've got to see what Chen can do about the revenue decline."
BlackBerry shares were up 5.2 per cent at C$11.45 on the Toronto Stock Exchange and up 4.6 per cent at $10.26 on Nasdaq.
GOOD START
Chen, who became BlackBerry's CEO in November, said the company has already taken 200,000 orders for its new squared-screened Passport smartphone, which went on sale on Wednesday and sold out on Amazon.com within six hours.
Chen said he expects BlackBerry to release a second generation Passport device at some point down the road based on the much better than expected demand. He said the company would be "squeezed a little bit" on availability of the device this quarter.
Chen has moved rapidly to cut costs, sell certain assets and strengthen the company's balance sheet. He said revenue declines are likely near a nadir, with growth expected to begin in calendar 2015 with the sales of new products and services.
Chen said he expects software revenue to double next year from around $250 million in the current fiscal year as the company wins converts to its device management platform, BlackBerry Enterprise Service 10 (BES10).
The platform allows companies and government agencies to manage and secure not just BlackBerry devices running on their networks, but also Android, Windows and iOS-based phones and tablets.
BlackBerry said it issued 3.4 million licenses for the BES10 platform in its second quarter, a sharp increase from the previous quarter, and that it may end a promotional program early due to its success. A quarter of the license signups came from rival mobile device managers.
"We're encouraged by the company's growth in enterprise software licensees and aggressive cost-cutting measures," Morningstar analyst Brian Colello said.

Modi leaves for US after halt in FrankfurtUpdated: September 26, 2014 17:46 IST
Modi leaves for US after halt in Frankfurt
PTI
PTI Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives at Frankfurt international airport late Thursday.
TOPICS
India-United States
After an overnight transit halt here, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday left for the U.S. during which he will address the UN General Assembly, hold talks with President Barack Obama and meet top American corporate leaders besides a series of other engagements.
On his first leg of the high-profile five-day visit, Mr. Modi will land in New York, where he will address the 69th session of the UN General Assembly (UNGA) Saturday and a rally at the famous Madison Square Garden on Sunday, which is likely to be attended by around 20,000 people from the Indian-American community.
Mr. Modi will have a summit-level meeting with Obama on September 30 and today in an op-ed in The Wall Street Journal, the Prime Minister described America as India’s “natural global partner”.
“The U.S. is our natural global partner. India and the US embody the enduring and universal relevance of their shared values,” Mr. Modi wrote.

Indian shooter Chain Singh wins bronze medal in 50m Rifle 3 PositionsUpdated: September 27, 2014 11:32 IST
Indian shooter Chain Singh wins bronze medal in 50m Rifle 3 Positions
PTI
The Hindu A file photo of Chain Singh. Photo: Sandeep Saxena
TOPICS
sports event
Chain Singh won a bronze medal in 50m Rifle 3 Positions Men’s Finals, even as India narrowly missed out on a third-place finish in men’s team event of the Asian Games in Incheon on Saturday.
Singh shot a total of 441.7 points to finish behind two Chinese shooters — Cao Yifei and Zhu Qinan — who bagged the first and second positions with 455.5 and 455.2 points to their credit, respectively.
While Singh had entered the finals after finishing seventh in the qualification round, his more fancied compatriots, Gagan Narang and Sanjeev Rajput had failed to make the final cut, ending on 12th and 15th spots, respectively in the qualifiers.
Only top eight shooters in the qualification round advanced to the final round.

Coal Blocks Cancellation May Push Current Account Deficit Up $700 Million: SBICommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
New Delhi: The Supreme Court's decision to cancel coal block allocations may have a "marginal" impact on current account deficit and net burden on the deficit would be an additional $700 million, according to an SBI report.
Current account deficit is likely to get hit by additional coal imports. However, most part of the rise in import bill will be compensated by lower international oil prices, according to SBI's research report 'Ecowrap'.
During April-August 2014, the coal import bill has reached $6.9 billion and may reach up to $24.9 billion during the current financial year (2014-15), $8.5 billion higher than last fiscal year.
On the other hand, oil import bill would decline up to $7.8 billion this fiscal as oil price is expected to settle around $98 per bbl. Accordingly, the "net burden on CAD (current account deficit) will be an additional increase of $0.7 billion", the report noted.
On September 24, the Supreme Court dealt a major blow to corporate sector by quashing the allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks that were allotted to various companies since 1993, in which it was claimed that over Rs 2 lakh crore were invested.
A bench, headed by Chief Justice R M Lodha, saved only four blocks - one belonging to NTPC and SAIL each and two allocated to ultra-mega power projects (UMPPS) - from being cancelled.
The bench granted six months breathing time to mining companies to wind up their operations in the coal blocks. The SBI research note added that the cancellation of coal blocks would impact power generation capacity and the investment climate.
"After the cancellation of coal blocks, the Government companies are not in a position to supply the required quantity of coal to power generation companies," the report said, adding that "power stations have a supply of less than one week of coal and therefore there are possibilities of power outages".
The report further said that "huge investments up to about Rs 2.87 lakh crore have been made in 157 coal blocks as on December 2012 and the judgment will give a temporary setback to the investment climate".
Going forward, a quick plan of action is required to ensure coal supplies are not disrupted for a longer period of time. Thereafter, we need a swift and transparent bidding process for reallocation, it added.
Story first published on: September 26, 2014 18:22 (IST)

BSE  Bank of NY Mellon to ease foreign investment rulesSep 27, 2014, 03.08 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
BSE, Bank of NY Mellon to ease foreign investment rules
BSE and Bank of New York Mellon have signed an agreement enabling foreign investors to provide AAA rated sovereign bonds traded outside of India as collateral for trades done on the domestic exchange.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
BSE, Bank of NY Mellon to ease foreign investment rules
BSE and Bank of New York Mellon have signed an agreement enabling foreign investors to provide AAA rated sovereign bonds traded outside of India as collateral for trades done on the domestic exchange.
Post your opinion here
 
BSE Ltd and Bank of New York Mellon have signed an agreement enabling foreign investors to provide AAA rated sovereign bonds traded outside of India as collateral for trades done on the domestic exchange, the two parties said in a joint statement released late on Friday.
The two parties said with the signing of this agreement they "aim to enhance the trading experience for foreign institutional and retail investors and bring Indian practices in line with the best in the world".
The move is expected to make it easier for foreign investors to operate in India and reduce their costs of collateral and trading in Indian markets significantly over a period of time. 
"Currently FIIs have to go through a time consuming process to get approvals for collaterals under SEBI...this MoU (memorandum of understanding) would mean they will come directly to the exchange. This will reduce their time to market," a BSE spokesman told Reuters.
Foreign institutional investors who have been key behind the Sensex hitting all-time highs on September 8 have bought Indian shares worth USD 13.95 billion and debt worth USD 19.70 billion so far this calendar year.
Indian shares have been the best performers in Asia in 2014 so far. The Sensex is up 26.7 percent while the Nifty is up 28.7 percent in dollar terms.
RELATED NEWS

Aim to clock over 15% growth as bank: BandhanWe are now maintaining capital adequacy ratio of 21 percent
Chandrashekhar Ghosh
CMD
Bandhan Financial Services
Microfinance institution Bandhan, which became a bank recently, faces the financial challenge. The MFI borrows wholesale from either private equities (PEs) or gets a line of credit from banks and then lends retail. Now that Bandhan is a bank, the challenge will be to replace these wholesale funds with retail deposits. It is true that they have over 2000 branches across 22 states and are planning to open 600 more bank branches. But it will still be a challenge for this new bank to raise deposits, especially in urban areas, which is an unfamiliar terrain for these MFIs.
Also Read: IDFC to begin setting up of holding co soon: Lall
In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Gopika Gopakumar, Chandrasekhar Ghosh, CMD, Bandhan, who started the organization several years ago, said the bank can offer different services, other than run-of-the-mill, to attract more high net worth (HNIs) and middle class depositors.
He said the bank would target the interior rural and semi-urban areas, where public sector lenders have not been able to penetrate properly. “The middle class families have lot of cash, but they are not getting the desired services from PSU banks. We are working as MFIs in those areas and have a well known brand,” he said, adding that these rural areas have larger base. Ten HNIs can give Rs 1 crore each, which could sum up to Rs 10 crore, but here if I go to 1,000 middle class families and get Rs 1 lakh each, it is a bigger amount, Ghosh said.
Bandhan is quite popular in the interiors of West Bengal. But there is a lurking threat of these borrowers taking loans from many MFIs. The other big challenge, according to sources, is the size of loan amount. As per the RBI norm, MFIs have a lending cap of Rs 50,000 per borrower, but banks have no such cap. So Bandhan will have to consciously ensure that it does not overlend to these poor borrowers.
Discussing the increase in loan size, Ghosh said that would depend on the cash flow of customers. “Whatever would be the need of customer, as per their cash flow, we can give Rs 2 lakh or Rs 5 lakh. We would like to increase our portfolio size on the basis of that,” he said.
Currently, Bandhan has over 13,000 employees and is looking to add 3000 more. Ghosh claimed the institution has received nearly 35,000 job applications many of which are from bankers in public, private and foreign banks. So, is he going to match the salaries these experienced bankers are getting?
“They are happy to work with Bandhan. They feel I am part of an MFI becoming a bank. This is one inspiration. Secondly, this is a different type of banking in the country,” he said.
Bandhan has support coming in from IFC and SIDBI, but it needs to strengthen its balance sheet and also needs more capital. How will it raise capital going forward or attract new investors?
Ghosh said their current book size is at Rs 6,500 crore. When they transform into a bank, it would increase to Rs 7,500-8,000 crore. “We are now maintaining capital adequacy ratio of 21 percent. IFC infused capital Rs 160 crore into the MFI. As per RBI norms, I need Rs 500 crore to form a bank. So now I have Rs 1,250 crore net worth and by the closing of the year, it will come to Rs 1,500 crore and Rs 160 crore infusion is there, so that is Rs 1,660 crore, which is good enough capital to start a bank where minimum requirement is Rs 500 crore. So right now, I am not yet thinking of any capital infusion,” he said.
So will Bandhan have to raise capital every year? “Not every year. Within 3 years from the opening of the bank, we should go for listing. First two years, we need to set up a bank and run all activities. Third year little bit growth should come, so that after three years, we should go for listing,” Ghosh said.
The banking sector has seen a growth of 12 percent in the last quarter and the yearly growth may be around 15 percent, whereas for Bandhan it was 40 percent growth last year, Ghosh said.
“I cannot expect 40 percent growth in a bank. Beginning there is a lot of work to transform the bank and build up the capacity of the staff, set up the bank and streamline the product. Forty percent growth is unlikely to continue. So that is not expected. Whatever bank growth is there, 15 percent, I hope my growth is more than that,” he added.
RELATED NEWS

Kyoorius Design Yatra focuses on communications businessSep 27, 2014, 04.02 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Kyoorius Design Yatra focuses on communications business
This week, Storyboard Kyoorius Design Yatra has lined up two interviews that shed light on where the communications business is headed. First is Mat Heinl from British agency Moving Brands. Another is, Natasha Jen, Partner at Pentagram. explains their agency’s culture and how they help marketers.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Kyoorius Design Yatra focuses on communications business
This week, Storyboard Kyoorius Design Yatra has lined up two interviews that shed light on where the communications business is headed. First is Mat Heinl from British agency Moving Brands. Another is, Natasha Jen, Partner at Pentagram. explains their agency’s culture and how they help marketers.
Post your opinion here
Story Board
This week, Storyboard Kyoorius Design Yatra has lined up two interviews that shed light on where the communications business is headed. First is Mat Heinl from British agency Moving Brands. Another is, Natasha Jen, Partner at Pentagram. They explain their agency’s culture and how they help marketers.
RELATED NEWS

Maharashtra  buried  those wanting to conquer it: Shiv Sena to BJP23
0
Mumbai: Apparently targeting its former ally Bhratiya Janata Party, Shiv Sena on Saturday said that it was its leader Bal Thackeray who stood up for Hindutva while others used it as a "shield for political gains" and warned that "those who came to conquer Maharashtra were buried in the state's soil".
It sought to give credit to late Bal Thackeray's efforts for the BJP coming to power at the Centre.
"The battle (for October 15 Assembly polls) is one for self-respect," an editorial in Sena mouthpiece Saamana said.
The 25-year-old Sena-BJP alliance fell apart this week over the issue of seat sharing in the Assembly polls.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra #bjp #shiv sena
"Be it Aurangzeb or Afzal Khan, those who came with vested interests were either buried here or became extinct," the editorial said.
"After Shivaji Maharaj, it was Bal Thackeray who created history. Shivaji set up the Hindavi Swarajya but it was the late Sena chief who had the determination to unfurl the Hindutva flag in the country," it said. It expressed surprise over politicians who indulge in "moonh mein Ram bagal mein chhoori" approach.
"The late Thackeray faced several attacks for ensuring propagation of Hindutva in Maharashtra and the country. Like in the case of Aurangzeb, (Thackeray) vanquished the new Aurangzebs. Its fruits are today seen in Delhi and Maharashtra," the editorial said.
In a veiled attack on BJP leadership, the Sena mouthpiece said, "Aurangzeb camped in Maharashtra to overthrow the Maratha regime but could not succeed.
"Aurangzeb, who came to conquer, had to bite the dust here. Maharashtra always protected national interest. It did not use the shield of Hindutva for political gains."
The 25-year-old Sena-BJP alliance fell apart this week over the issue of seat sharing in the Assembly polls.
4

Asian Games: Indian mens archery team wins gold  womens team bags bronzeAsian Games: Indian men’s archery team wins gold, women’s team bags bronze
PTI
Tweet
Incheon, Sept 27:  
Indian archers scripted history in the Asian Games today when the compound men’s team shot its way to a maiden gold medal by shocking favourites South Korea before squad member Abhishek Verma picked up the individual silver even as women added two bronze to the tally.
The women’s trio had set the tone in the morning by clinching the compound team bronze by defeating Iran in the play-off for the third position at the Gyeyang Asiad Archery Field. Later, Trisha Deb bagged a bronze in the individual event.
India had won one silver and three bronze medals from the bow and arrow discipline in past Games and today’s gold lifted the sagging spirits of the huge contingent which had endured a gold drought after pistol shooter Jitu Rai’s top finish six days ago.
India defied odds to shock world archery powerhouse Korea 227—225 in the gold medal clash.
The men’s trio of Rajat Chauhan, Sandeep Kumar and Abhishek Verma worked wonderfully well in unison to lead their formidable hosts – the world silver medallists – right through the 24-arrow finals to emerge triumphant by two points (227—225) in the non-Olympic Compound event which has made its debut here.
This was the second medal of the day from the venue, and came just one hour after the young Indian women’s trio of Trisha Deb, Purvasha Shende and Jyothi Surekha Vennam clinched the bronze medal by winning the play-off against Iran 224—217.
Later Verma fought gamely in the gold medal match against Iran’s Ebadi Esmaeil 141—145. Two 8s by the Indian in his first nine arrows led to his downfall as the Iranian nosed ahead and kept the lead to win the gold.
The superb display of the compound team made up to some extent the disappointing show put up by the recurve team of better known archers so far at these Games.
“We have been noticing India’s position on the medals table every day and were determined to win the gold today. We are delighted to have done it,” said Jaipur-based Chauhan who claimed he had failed in 12th standard exams on four occasions.
Coach Ranjan Singh, from Manipur, hailed the preparations of the team ahead of the Games as one of the reasons for the result.
Trisha Deb won a bronze in the compound women’s individual event in the games.
Trisha won 138—134 against Chinese Taipei’s Huang I Jou.
The Indian was lucky to finish on the podium given that she was trailing her rival till the last arrow.
After scoring perfect 10s in the fourth round, Jou fumbled in the fifth and final round as she managed to garner just 18 points against the Indian’s 25.
The last round completely turned the contest in the closing stages and the Indian girl walked away with a third-place finish.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

S&P ups rating outlook of 10 firms  11 financial entitiesS&P ups rating outlook of 10 firms, 11 financial entities
BS Reporters | New Delhi/Mumbai Sep 27, 2014 12:41 AM IST
Close on the heels of revising India's sovereign credit rating from negative to stable, Standard & Poor's on Friday upgraded the rating outlook of 10 Indian companies. These included Reliance Industries (RIL), Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) and eight government-controlled companies, out of which four were financial firms.
The ratings agency also revised the outlooks on 11 banks and financial institutions to stable from negative. Its outlook remained negative on Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) and Syndicate Bank.
Among the state-owned companies whose ratings improved were Oil and Natural Gas Corporation, Power Grid Corporation of India, NTPC and NHPC. The financial firms saw similar action were Export-Import (Exim) Bank of India, India Infrastructure Finance Company (IIFCL), Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC), and Power Finance Corporation (PFC).
S&P revised the outlook on RIL as there was less likelihood that it might lower the transfer and convertibility (T&C) assessment following the sovereign action. T&C reflects chances of the government putting restrictions on private companies to access forex reserves. The outlook on the foreign currency rating on TCS was also upped following a similar action on the sovereign.
The rating agency attributed the revision in outlook of ratings of four government-controlled companies - ONGC, PowerGrid, NTPC and NHPC - to reflect the sensitivity of these entities to the sovereign credit rating. "We expect the government to maintain its majority ownership, and influence the business and financial strategy of the companies."
Similarly, the rating outlook of EXIM Bank, IIFCL, IRFC and PFC were changed from negative to stable in sync with a similar move on the rating.
The ratings agency raised the regional scale ratings on ICICI Bank's outstanding issuances to axA- from axBBB+ and to cnA- from cnBBB+; and IDBI's outstanding issuances to axBBB+ from axBBB and to cnBBB+ from cnBBB. These rating actions reflect the outlook revision on the issuer credit ratings. It affirmed its issue ratings on the hybrid instruments of Bank of India, ICICI and State Bank of India.
The negative rating outlooks on Syndicate Bank and IOB reflect a possible weakening in these banks' asset quality and capitalisation.
It could downgrade Syndicate if the bank's asset quality deteriorates to below industry average levels or if the pre-diversification risk-adjusted capital (RAC) ratio falls below 5 per cent, which might happen if the bank grows aggressively and is unable to support growth with sufficient capital infusion.
In our view, IOB relies on large capital infusion on an ongoing basis to support its growth owing to its low retained earnings. It might downgrade IOB if the bank is unable to raise sufficient capital to support growth, such that its RAC ratio dips below 5 per cent. The agency could also lower the rating if IOB's asset quality continues to deteriorate.
RATING OUTLOOK
Companies whose outlook on ratings was revised to stable from negative
Reliance Industries

Volcano Erupts in Central Japan  Injuring 11All the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Shiv Sena to BJP: Maharashtra  buried  those wanting to conquer itE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Violence erupts in Tamil Nadu after Jaya’s convictionMembers of AIADMK holding a protest in Coimbatore on Saturday over conviction of the party supremo and Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa by a Bengaluru court in a disproportionate assests case. (Source: PTI)
Chennai | Posted: September 27, 2014 4:35 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 5:43 pm
On Saturday violence broke out in several parts of Tamil Nadu after Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa was convicted in a graft case with angry AIADMK supporters indulging in stone pelting and arson and forcing closure of shops.
Tension prevailed as protesters burnt effigies of DMK President M Karunanidhi, his sons M K Stalin and M K Alagiri and tore party posters in various places including in Chennai and Madurai.
While some protesters pelted stones at the residence of BJP leader Subramanian Swamy, DMK and AIADMK supporters clashed at Gopalapuram here.
A state-owned transport corporation bus was set on fire at Veppur village and some 20 buses damaged in stone-pelting in Cuddalore district, police said.
Stone pelting incidents were reported in Ambattur here, Edapadi in Salem district, Cuddalore and in Srirangam, Jayalalithaa’s assembly constituency, police said.
Shops and commercial establishments downed shutters in various parts of the state. Protesters also damaged two-wheelers parked alongside roads in Madurai, they said.
In Chennai, effigies of DMK leaders were burnt in Poes Garden area.
In Madurai, AIADMK men blocked traffic and asked the shops and business houses to close their units.
Police said some shops were ransacked and stones pelted in Tiruchirapalli and Dindigul. Security personnel in large numbers have been posted to maintain law and order, police said.

Bonded with Naseeruddin Shah over food: Om PuriPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 27, 2014 4:34 pm
Besides carving a niche while playing together some of the pivotal roles in Hindi cinema, Bollywood greats and friends Naseeruddin Shah and Om Puri bonded over food and loved having dishes like brain curry.
“It was Naseer who turned me into a non-vegetarian,” said Puri while mentioning their gastronomical journeys in old Delhi during the launch of Shah’s memoirs “And Then One Day” in the national capital last night.
Shah and Puri were classmates in the National School of Drama and have been friends for more than 40 years now. But few know that Puri was a vegetarian when he joined NSD.
“One day Naseer and I were having a meal together and he asked me to try some meat. When I refused, he insisted that I should eat my rice with some gravy from the non-veg curry that he was eating. I tried and liked it. Then on another day he made me taste a small piece of meat and I liked that too. Eventually he made me a non- vegetarian too!”
The veterans have acted together in iconic films like “Aakrosh”, “Droh Kaal”, “Sparsh”, “Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro”, “Ardh Satya”, “Paar”, “Mandi” and “Albert Pinto Ko Gussa Kyon Aata Hai”.
At the launch, the book, published by Hamish Hamilton, was introduced by Chiki Sarkar, Publisher of Penguin Random House.
A conversation between Shah and naturalist-author Pradip Krishen followed during which Shah spoke about his book, his life and journey.
Shah also read out the passage from the book in which he talked about standing at his father’s grave. Even while reading what he had already penned, his eyes turned moist and there was an unusual silence in the auditorium.
Shah’s actor wife Ratna Pathak Shah was among a host of other people present at the launch.

Loukyam: Part fun  part boredomTelugu cinema
As a defence to the repetitive fare that we’re subjected to at the movies, filmmakers have often argued that there are only a handful of tales to be told through which a few relationships are explored. In a broad sense of storytelling, that argument may be valid but the lethargy to look for new contexts and settings of these stories have led to mediocre, monotonous films of late. Once in a while, a few storylines offer hope — a thought or a sequence that makes one perk up and feel something new is in the offing. That hope, sadly, vanishes after the fleeting smartness is drowned, yet again, in a routine muddle. Loukyam, which gives its leading man a refreshing characterisation, falls into this trap.
Venky (Gopichand) relies more on his smart thinking than muscle power to wriggle out of tough situations. He helps a bride elope from a wedding being conducted against her wishes in Warangal and moves to Hyderabad. Her brother and don Babji (Sampath Ral) launches a massive search to find the man who helped his sister elope. In Hyderabad, Venky falls in love with an arrogant Chandrakala (Rakul Preet) only to realise much later that she is Babji’s youngest sister. Meanwhile, there’s another don (Mukesh Rishi) who wants to kill Chandrakala to settle scores for an old enmity with Babji.
To stretch this thin storyline and show how the hero uses tact and wit to set things right, the director resorts to the tried and tested method — make the gang of villains and Brahmanandam run around in circles under the same roof with the hero having a ball of time pitting one against the other.
Brahmanandam, as the connecting link between the don and Gopichand, has been in such situations in several films before. It’s to his credit that he doesn’t get bored and manages to bring the house down in some scenes. The hide-and-seek between Sampath Raj and Brahmi when they don’t know each other’s identity is a riot.
The only one who steals the thunder from Brahmi in a couple of well-written scenes is Prudhvi, a character artiste who hasn’t been given noteworthy roles since Khadgam. Prudhvi is cast as ‘boiling star’ Bablu, a television actor whose serial has a script similar to real life and when the two tracks criss-cross, he faces the wrath of the dons.
These fun sequences are few and far between. Most part of Loukyam suffers from an unsteady screenplay that fails to keep us hooked. The romance between Gopichand and Rakul Preet never really connects. For all the talk of diplomacy, the romance takes the ‘taming the shrew’ route that’s been done to death. In the latter portions, the sequences involving Hamsanandini are cringe worthy.
Gopichand fits the bill of a hero who doesn’t want to use force unless pushed to a corner and Rakul Preet looks pretty and does what is expected of her. Sampath Raj is a dependable actor who guarantees good performance but one hopes he doesn’t get repetitive with his choice of roles.
Watch Loukyam for a few laughs. Just don’t expect it to keep you engrossed.
Loukyam
Cast: Gopichand, Rakul Preet Singh and Brahmanandam
Direction: Sriwass
Music: Anup Rubens
Story line: A hero uses his brains than brawn to win his lady love against all odds.
Bottomline: Saved by a few laughs.

Ravi Shankar Prasad pitches for self regulation by mediaSep 27, 2014 at 05:01pm IST
Ravi Shankar Prasad pitches for self regulation by media
9
0
New Delhi: Pitching for self regulation by the media, Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Saturday said that great responsibility comes with freedom and  flagged issues like paid news, trial by media and fake sting operations as  matters which have to be dealt with.
He also said that as Communication and Information Technology Minister he is against excessive use of provisions in the IT Act to curb the freedom of social media.
Inaugurating national consultation on Media Law organised jointly by the Law Commission and the National Law University, Delhi, the minister said he personally feels that self regulation by the media was the best way to go about functioning.
The Law Minister also said that as Communication and Information Technology Minister he is against excessive use of provisions in the IT Act to curb the freedom of social media.
#ravi shankar prasad #tracking the modi government #social media #media
"As far as the legal architecture is concerned, as far as my view is concerned, I am very clear. Self regulation should be the mode. When I say self regulation, it is not an off-the-cuff remark. It carries a lot of responsibility, it carries a lot of meaning," he said.
He said that the media will have to take care of issues like paid news, fake sting operations which are used to further vested interests and trail by media. Prasad said for the NDA government, the independence of media is "non negotiable" and those in the political class should realise that media has a right to criticise, condemn and even advice. The minister said he was also not against media lampooning politicians.
Terming the trend of paid news as "sickening", he asked the media to "correct" the malice. On the issue of right to privacy, he said the media has not yet found a "bridge" between its rights and a person's right to privacy.
Referring to media trial, Prasad said every person has a right to fair trial. On the use of Section 66A of the IT Act, he said any clampdown should be cleared by a committee and the IT Secretary and it should be used sparingly.
Under section 66A of the IT Act, sending offensive or menacing messages through electronic communication service and sending false messages to cheat, mislead or deceive people or to cause annoyance to them is punishable.
He, however, said while Article 19 (1) of the Constitution defines right to speech and expression, Article 19 (2) describes reasonable restrictions on the exercise of the right can be imposed by the government in the interests of the sovereignty and integrity, defamation or incitement to an offence.
Speaking on the occasion, Law Commission Chairman Justice (Retd) AP Shah media has played a key role in uncovering the truth and giving people a voice. But at the same time, he flagged issues like paid news, fake sting operations and breach of privacy as "new challenges" for the media.
Later, participating in a panel discussion on self regulation Vs statutory regulation, veteran journalist N Ram said media regulators cannot have senior editors as its members as it defeats the very Independence of the body. He said 'The Hindu' newspaper has followed the 'Guardian' model of adopting self regulation by appointing a "news ombudsman" or "reader's editor".
Ram said he was against statutory regulation. Former Supreme Court judge Justice RV Raveendran, who heads the News Broadcasting Standards Authority (NBSA), said the debate should be on the extent and manner in which media should be regulated.
He agreed that the NBSA has not worked to the extent it was expected to. He said out of 180 dedicated news channels, only 60 were members of the body. "How to convince non members to listen to the body and make them follow the regulations was a challenge," he said. Journalist Ravish Kumar said while there is a debate on regulating media, the issue that editors are changed after the change in ownership has not been discussed.
He also questioned regulations for blogs and Youtube channels being run by politicians. Columnist Vanita Kohli Khandekar said media is like an ecosystem. "You cannot look at one thing and expect other issues to fall in place," she said emphasising looking at the issue of media in totality.
0

Pakistan detains 29 Indian fishermenSep 27, 2014 at 04:55pm IST
Pakistan detains 29 Indian fishermen
10
0
Islamabad: At least 29 Indian fishermen were on Saturday arrested by Pakistani authorities for allegedly entering the country's territorial waters. The fishermen were arrested by Maritime Security Agency (MSA) officials, who also confiscated their five boats during a routine patrol.
The fishermen were almost 10 kilometres inside Pakistan territorial waters when they were arrested, Express News TV quoted an MSA official as saying. This is not the first time such an incident has taken place.
Pakistan maritime security forces frequently arrest Indian fishermen and seize their boats for fishing in its territorial waters. However, In May Pakistan had freed 151 Indian fishermen ahead of Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's visit to India to attend Prime Minister Narendra Modi's swearing-in ceremony.
Pakistan maritime security forces frequently arrest Indian fishermen and seize their boats for fishing in its territorial waters.

West Bengal: TMC leader found hacked to death10
0
Siliguri: A block-level Trinamool Congress leader was found hacked to death in his residence at Upper Bagdogra and investigations are on by the detective department to track the killers. Police said that the gruesome incident took place on Friday night and a bloodstained spade, shovel and axe were found near the body of the 54-year-old Barun Karmakar, the TMC block president of Upper Bagdogra.
Quoting the complaint filed by Karmakar's family on Saturday, the police said three men had come to visit him last night at around 9 pm and was in the room with him for some time. As there was no sound from inside the room for quite sometime, Karmakar's wife, who was the only person at home at the time, pushed open the door and found him lying in a pool of blood hacked to death.
The three who had come to visit him had fled, the complaint said. North Bengal Development Minister Goutam Deb visited Karmakar's residence on Saturday. Siliguri police commissioner Jagmohan said the investigations into the killing
Police said that the gruesome incident took place last night and a bloodstained spade, shovel and axe were found near the body of the 54-year-old Barun Karmakar, the TMC block president of Upper Bagdogra.
were handed over to the detective department.
7

Super Kings face Scorchers in must-win gameStart time 2000 local (1430 GMT)
Big picture
Thursday night's washout at Chinnaswamy Stadium has made the race for the remaining semi-final spot from Group A tighter. Both Chennai Super Kings and Perth Scorchers will need a win on Saturday night at the same ground. Super Kings more so as it is their final group game while Scorchers have another one left against Lahore Lions. Rain is around in Bangalore again, though, and more of it is expected on Saturday evening.
After losing 7 for 55 to the spin of Sunil Narine and Kuldeep Yadav in Hyderabad, Scorchers will be relieved to face Super Kings' slow bowlers on the smaller outfield in Bangalore, which will provide them more cushion on mishits. Also, while R Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja are fine spinners, they do not carry the same mystery about them as the Kolkata Knight Riders duo does. All seven Scorchers batsmen to fall in Hyderabad went slogging and swiping at the spinners, and will have to reevaluate that approach against Super Kings.
Dwayne Bravo and Suresh Raina: Two of the Super Kings' star players. (IANS)
Scorchers did well with the ball to have Knight Riders on 125 for 6 but it was two successive late sixes again that settled the game. While it was Mitchell Marsh 's blows that had won it for Scorchers against Dolphins, it was Suryakumar Yadav 's strikes that did it for Knight Riders. Scorchers captain Adam Voges said he was proud of his young side for taking it so close against a powerful IPL team, but just close will not do it against another Indian franchise.
Form guide
Chennai Super Kings WLLWW (most recent first, completed matches only)
Perth Scorchers LWWWL
Watch out for
Adam Voges' unbeaten 71 against Knight Riders was his first fifty in 32 T20 innings. The Scorchers captain went back in the crease to use the pull effectively off the spinners, and when he skipped out to them, he tried to push straight. His approach complemented his opening partner Craig Simmons' power-hitting, and Scorchers will want their leader to fire again.
Suresh Raina hammered 90 off 43 in Super Kings' previous match against Dolphins. Raina cracked as many as eight sixes during that innings, taking his tally in T20s to 198. No Indian batsman has hit 200 in the format. Raina went past 5000 T20 runs - the first Indian to do so - during that 90 and it would be fitting in a way if he brings up the sixes landmark with one of his trademark swipes over midwicket.
Stats and trivia
MS Dhoni is 23 short of 4000 T20 runs.
In his previous game, Raina became the leading run-scorer in the CLT20, overtaking Kieron Pollard
Brad Hogg needs three more to reach 100 T20 wickets
Quotes
"We are on a journey with a very young group at the moment. I just see them getting better and better all the time.''
Perth Scorchers captain Adam Voges
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Rj -i feel in real life u r extremely jolly person and all around like...Platinum Member
363 Followers
Rj -I feel in real life u r extremely jolly person and all around like u, love u. No one hate u in real life. So u purposely provoke, insult, target someone here so that u can get that hate like experience. Say that kick. Thats it. Mark my world, u r wonderful person! And i don`t hate u at all. Yes, at times i feel like ignoring u. But thats normal. I do that in real life too. U can continue to dislike me. I honestly don`t mind. And u know that. I visit mmb because i like to c my friends. thats it.
6.02 PM Sep 27th

"our conviction on jp associates had stemmed from the company`s sound ...Platinum Member
72 Followers
My serious advice to fellow boarders who seriously invest in shares must not take this board seriously.This is a palce where many people post to confuse others.I can tell you 100`s of my experience here.Just one you hear.When Havells moved down few years before to 110.I purchased with the intention of making some money.regularly i read the postings here and posted my view too.atlast i sold all my holdings with one veteren`s advice and telephonic conversation.Then I forgot like any other ordinary investor .I have not seen it even moving to 500  and then further to 1000  and now it has split to FV1 also.I had 3000 shares.Just i narrated one incidence to help real investors to be careful.so many cunning and vicious elements are here in the board.You may visit, but dont take decisions based on their views.JPA is not a bad comapny at all.who ever says I won` accept.Keep on addinf and averaging.Youw ill sell only on profit.This KFA like issues are fantacies of these type of guys.Never ever give your phone no to any one on the board.I would have become millonare by this time if i palyed my game as per my conviction.No opinions.That is what I am doing now.i am gradually succeding.I lost a lot.I leant a lot.Thanks to all JPA boarders.I am taking leave.You won`t see me again here.I don`t believe it is useful to pass silly comments.Spend your time wisely.All the best.

FINANCIAL INCLUSION INTERVIEW16:09 pm Dabur's banks on social cause for its Sani Fresh brand
- in Business
16:09 pm Amul to celebrate Nov 26 as National Milk Day
- in Business
15:49 pm Emami's HE Deodorant launch previewed on Men's Day
- in Business

Live: TN CM Jayalalithaa sentenced to 4-year jail term in disproportionate assets case0
2
A special court in Bangalore will deliver the much awaited verdict against Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa in an 18-year-old corruption case.
Live coverage
(Content below is refreshed only when page is reloaded.)
7:01 pm: TN Governor directs officers to ensure law and order is maintained in the state to prevent any further untoward incident
6:53 pm: Jayalalithaa has been taken into custody. She will be taken to Bangalore central jail from the jail hospital after her regular medical checkup
6:28 pm: 
6:26 pm: 
6:25 pm: 
6:22 pm: Opposition Leader and DMDK Chief Vijaykanth in a statement appreciated the verdict. "The verdict has proved that everyone is equal in the eyes of the law. This verdict is a lesson for wrong doers. I condemn the attacks on public buses and shops. Ruling party workers indulging in violence is condemnable," he said.
6:10 pm: 
5:53 pm: Reactions have started pouring in with Congress leader Rajeev Shukla saying that it is "a lesson to be learnt by these kinds of politicians who do not follow any ethics."
5:51 pm: With the verdict being announced on a weekend, Jayalalithaa will not be able to file a petition against the order in Bangalore higher court immediately. The court also closes for Dussehra vacations on Monday due to which she cannot apply for a bail on Monday as well.
5:36 pm: Jayalalithaa has been disqualified from public office for at least 6 years which, combined with the jail sentence, means that she cannot contest polls for 10 years.
5:23 pm: Bangalore Police Commissioner has imposed Section 144 around 5 km radius of the court and Bangalore central jail
5:23 pm: There are reports that Jayalalithaa supporters have clashed with police in Bangalore
5:14 pm: Along with a 4 year jail term, she will also have to pay a fine of Rs 100 crore in the case. The others convicted get four years in jail and will have to pay Rs 10 crore each as fine.
5:06 pm: Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa sentenced to 4 year imprisonment after being convicted in 18-year old disproportionate assets case
4:44 pm: Security personnel in large numbers have been posted to maintain law and order.
4:43 pm: According to police, a state-owned transport corporation bus was set on fire at Veppur village and nearly 20 buses were damaged in stone-pelting in Cuddalore district.
4:42 pm: Cases of violence are being reported from several parts of Tamil Nadu including Chennai and Madurai after the verdict against Jayalalithaa. AIADMK supporters indulged in stone pelting and arson and also forced closure of shops.
3:39 pm: The Karnataka government has so far spent Rs 2.86 crore on playing host to the case, according to documents obtained by an RTI activist.
3:38 pm: The case was filed by Subramanian Swamy in 1996. She was arrested and jailed for some days after DMK came to power in the 1996 Tamil Nadu Assembly polls.
3:38 pm: Appearing before the court four times, Jayalalithaa has answered 1,339 questions in closed door hearings during which she has maintained that the case was "politically motivated" and "fabricated" at the instance of her rival DMK.
3:36 pm: Swamy adds, "Jayalalithaa became chief minister in 1991 and at that time she declared that she has no wealth. During 5-year period. she acquired lots of properties. I don't think people want her to come back again. BJP will gain from this."
3:34 pm: Subramanian Swamy says,. "The Governor should take a call on the current law and order situation in Tamil Nadu. The Governor should consider President's rule in the state as anti-social aliments could take advantage of the situation."
3:21 pm: Violence erupts in Tamil Nadu following the verdict. Bus traffic halted in many places following the clash on the road. A Kancheepuram bus has been burnt, four people injured.
3:20 pm: 50 AIADMK cadres agitated near MGR Nagar bus terminus to condemn the verdict
3:17 pm: Senior BJP leader Subramanian Swamy says, "This verdict is tribute to our system."
3:16 pm: NCP leader Tariq Anwar says, "With this decision, the court has proved that nobody is above law."
3:10 pm: Minor clashes outside DMK chief M Karunanidhi's house following verdict
3:09 pm: Several shops, establishments down shutters as a precautionary  measure
3:09 pm: Several private companies in Tamil Nadu are declaring emergency holiday
3:06 pm: If the sentencing is less than three years, then Jayalalithaa is likely to apply for bail.
3:01 pm: A team of AIADMK cadres assembled near BJP leader Subramanian Swamy's house in Chennai and hurled stones.
2:41 pm: Raja says, " Do not see any threat to the state government but what has to be seen that who will be nominated as Tamil Nadu Chief Minister."
2:40 pm: CPI leader D Raja say, "This is  avery old case. It is  avery significant judgement . This means jayalalithaa cannot remain as CM  as she has to step down. This will have an impact on the state politics."
2:34 pm: DMK leader TKS Elangovan say, "This is not in our electoral agenda. We will take the failures of the AIADMK government to the people. This will be one of the things."
2:34 pm: Jayalalithaa is likely to appoint a partyman to as the chief minister of Tamil Nadu.
2:31 pm: Jayalalithaa stands disqualified from public office for next 6 years
2:28 pm: Sentencing and quantum of punishment to be made at 3 PM
2:25 pm: All the four convicted in the 18-year-old corruption case
2:24 pm: Jayalalithaa to be taken into custody
2:24 pm: Jayalalithaa is convicted under prevention of corruption act
2:21 pm: Jayalalithaa convicted in disproportionate wealth case. She is guilty of acquiring of wealth illegally
2:06 pm: Jayalalithaa was arrested and spent a few says in jail when the case was registered.
2:05 pm: The Opposition is keenly watching the verdict as state elections are due in 2016
1:59 pm: The case against Jayalalithaa was filed before a special court in Chennai in 1997 by the Tamil Nadu's Department of Vigilance and Anti Corruption (DVAC).
0

TN CM Jayalalithaa jailed for 4 years  fined Rs 100 crore in disproportionate assets caseSep 27, 2014 at  08:09pm IST
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa jailed for 4 years, barred from fighting elections for 10 years
27
13
Bangalore: Dealing a fatal blow to the political career of All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) supremo and Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa, a Bangalore court on Saturday sentenced her to four years in jail and also slapped a fine of Rs 100 crore on her in a disproportionate assets case under the Prevention of Corruption Act.
With the conviction and sentencing in the case, Jayalalithaa has also been disqualified as an elected representative and ceases to be a member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly. She has been arrested and lodged in Bangalore Central Jail and will also have to step down as Tamil Nadu Chief Minister.
#disproportionate assets case #jayalalithaa #tamil nadu #aiadmk
She has been convicted in the case along with her close aide Sasikala and her relative Ilavarasi. Her disowned foster son Sudhakaran has also been found guilty.
The others convicts have also been given a jail term of four years and along with a fine of Rs 10 crore each.
Special Judge John Michael D'Cunha convicted the 66-year-old AIADMK chief in a case of owning assets to the tune Rs 66,65 crores disproportionate to her known sources of income during 1991-96 when she was chief minister for the first time.
The prolonged trial saw five judges - AS Pachapure, AT Munoli, BM Mallikarjunaiah, MS Balakrishna and John Michael D'Cunha. The case was transferred to Bangalore's Special Court in 2003 by the Supreme Court on a petition filed by DMK leader K Anbazhagan who had expressed doubts over conduct of fair trial with Jayalalithaa as Chief Minister.
Appearing before the court four times, Jayalalithaa has answered 1,339 questions in closed door hearings during which she has maintained that the case was "politically motivated" and "fabricated" at the instance of her rival DMK.
Controversy also swirled around the case after Karnataka Advocate General BV Acharya quit as Special Public Prosecutor and Bhavani Singh came in his place. Questions were raised in the Supreme Court over appointment of Singh also. The case was filed by Subramanian Swamy in 1996. She was arrested and jailed for some days after DMK came to power in the 1996 Tamil Nadu Assembly polls.
Several cases of violence have been reported from several parts of Tamil Nadu including Chennai and Madurai after the verdict against Jayalalithaa. AIADMK supporters indulged in stone pelting and arson and also forced closure of shops in many areas.
According to police, a state-owned transport corporation bus was set on fire at Veppur village and nearly 20 buses were damaged in stone-pelting in Cuddalore district.
Ahead of the verdict, the area around the court was turned into a fortress as the platoons of Karnataka State Reserve Police, the city Armed Reserve and the Rapid Action Force were deployed, besides hundreds of police personnel, including those in plain clothes.
Her conviction has come as a rude shock to the ruling party, casting a doubt over the 66 year-old leader's political future ahead of the 2016 assembly polls. Jayalalithaa has earned the dubious distinction of becoming the first sitting Chief Minister in the country to be found guilty under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
While a pall of gloom descended at the AIADMK headquarters at Royapettah, the archrivals celebrated Jayalalitha's conviction with scores of DMK workers thronging the headquarters Arivalayam as well as Karunanidhi's residence.
Jayalalithaa, in the past, had to step down as Chief Minister in 2001 when Supreme Court observed that she cannot hold office, as she was earlier sentenced in two corruption cases in 2000, which, however, was set aside later. She had been acquitted in several other cases filed during the DMK regime.
Today's verdict has come as a jolt to the ruling AIADMK as it had been enjoying a winning spree in all elections held since April 2011, when the party trounced DMK. The party had put up a stellar performance in the 2014 Lok Sabha polls winning 37 of the 39 states in the state, though its hopes of a pivot role in the Centre failed with the BJP mustering majority on its own.
However, there is no threat to the party government as AIADMK has a solid majority of 150 seats in the 234-member Assembly. After the apex court's observation in 2001 that she cannot continue in office, Jayalalithaa had made her loyal aide and then not-so-known face O Panneerselvam as her successor to power.
After getting absolved of the charges in the Madras High Court, she had contested from Andipatti constituency and became the Chief Minister again in 2002. Panneerselvam is also one of the names presently doing the rounds in AIADMK circles as one of the probables to take over as the next Chief Minister if Jayalalithaa has to resign.
The others being Transport Minister V Senthil Balaji and Electricity Minister Natham R Viswanathan and even former Chief Secretary and Consultant to the state government, Sheela Balakrishnan.
301

Students queue up for IIMBs VistaStudents queue up for IIMB’s Vista
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, Sept 27:  
IIM Bangalore which is hosting Vista annual business summit organised by student body - Forum for Industrial Interaction - has begun with hundreds of students queuing up.
The day saw an interesting line up of events something for everyone. The spot events were negotiating ones way into Exsell and some proved their marketing skills in Markstrat while others stepped into the realm of international commerce with Corporate Czars.
A number of events were held like Brigade Group’s Trojan Horse and BPCL’s MarkGuru being few of them.
The Young Leaders’ Summit (YLS) kicked off simultaneously as the other events and the participants had their first session in Strategy Domain wherein they solved cases and got to understand the implementation of fundamentals of strategy in real life.
This was followed by a session in the finance domain and finally the Corporate Conclave where they got to hear some of the biggest stalwarts of the world of management and business.
The Corporate Conclave witnessed an unique ensemble of corporate heavyweights such as from Microsoft and Shailesh Kekre, Partner with McKinsey & Company in India and a core leader of the Firm's global Outsourcing and Offshoring (O&O) practice, who came down to IIM Bangalore and share their valuable experiences and insights on how did they build their successful careers in their respective fields. Day 1 ended on a musical note with a soulful musical performance by the music club of the institute.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

Jayalalithaa convicted in corruption case  gets 4 yrs in jailJayalalithaa convicted in corruption case, gets 4 yrs in jail, Rs 100 crore fine
BS Reporter | Bangalore/Chennai Sep 27, 2014 11:04 PM IST
 
In a ruling that could have a far-reaching impact on the politics of Tamil Nadu, a trial court on Saturday sentenced Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa and three other co-accused to four years in jail in an 18-year-old Rs 66.65-crore disproportionate-asset case. Additionally, a hefty penalty of Rs 100 crore was imposed on Jayalalithaa.
The Supreme Court had ruled last year that if a law maker is found guilty of corruption and gets a sentence of more than two years, he or she immediately loses membership of a legislative body. So, conviction and sentencing imply that Jayalalithaa ceases to be a member of the Tamil Nadu legislative Assembly with immediate effect and will not be able to contest elections for the next 10 years (she will not be able to contest polls for six years after completing her jail term).
The other three sentenced on Saturday are Jayalalithaa’s close aides Sasikala Natarajan, Ilavarasi and foster son Sudhakaran. They will have to pay Rs 10 crore each as fine. If any of the convicted persons fails to pay the fine, he or she will have to serve an additional year in jail.
Earlier in the day, Jayalalithaa and the others arrived in Bangalore, where a special court was to pronounce its verdict, in a special flight and were taken for medical examination.
The judgment was pronounced at a makeshift court set up at Gandhi Bhavan near the Parappana Agrahara jail in Southeast Bangalore.
John Michael D’Cunha, the special court judge, read out the 1,300-page judgment, convicting Jayalalithaa under Section 13 (1) (E) of Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988. She was proved to have misused her office and amassed crores of rupees that were disproportionate with her known sources of income.
Soon after the sentence was pronounced, Jayalalithaa and others were taken into judicial custody and sent to a state-run hospital for medical check-up. Special public prosecutor G Bhavani Singh said: “All the four convicted persons, including Jayalalithaa, will be lodged in the central jail here.”
ALSO READ:  Aditi Phadnis: Jayalalithaa - On a verdict and a prayer
Singh also clarified that a bail application could not be moved in a lower court as the sentence was of more than three years of jail term. Jayalalitha could, however, appeal in either the Karnataka or Tamil Nadu high court for relief from the jail sentence. “The fine will be recovered through sale of property, including jewellery and land seized during the trial,” he added.
According to lawyers, Jayalalithaa is unlikely to get bail anytime soon — at least for a year. Filing an appeal in the high court will take some time.
Disturbances and street protests broke out in Bangalore, as well as several towns and cities of Tamil Nadu, after the court’s decision. The police took nearly 500 persons into custody from outside the Bangalore court and extended the prohibitory orders to up to five km from the special court premises till Saturday midnight.
QUICK RECALL
A timeline of the case
1996
Jun 14: Subramanian Swamy files a complaint against J Jayalalithaa
Jun 18: The then DMK government registers FIR against Jayalalithaa for having assets disproportionate with her known source of income
1997
Jun 4: Chargesheet filed in the Rs 66.65-crore disproportionate-asset case
Oct 21: Court frames charges against Jayalalithaa, Sasikala, Sudhakaran, and Ilavarasi
2003
Feb 28: DMK leader K Anbazhagan asks Supreme Court to transfer trial out of Chennai
Nov 18: Apex Court orders transfer of trial to a special court in Bangalore, observes ‘fair trial was not going’ in Chennai
2010
Jan 22: Supreme Court clears way for trial of DA case; trial begins
2011
May 16: AIADMK returns to power, Jayalalithaa becomes CM again
Oct 20 & 21 and Nov 22 & 23: Jayalalithaa appears in special court
2012
Oct 29: John Michael Cunha appointed as special judge
2014
Aug 28: Trial concludes; special court says verdict will be pronounced on Sep 20
Sep 15: Jayalalithaa seeks change of location over security concerns
Sep 16: Special Court allows Jayalalithaa’s plea, orders for shifting of venue near Bangalore Central prison; postpones verdict to September 27
Sep 27: Jayalalithaa convicted in the case; gets four years in jail
ALSO READ:  Jayalalithaa convicted: a profile
Tamil Nadu Governor K Rosaiah had to immediately call a meeting of the administration to discuss ways to maintain law and order in the state. Since Jayalalithaa’s party, the All-India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) has a comfortable majority in the Tamil Nadu Assembly, a replacement chief minister will have to be appointed immediately. Several names were in circulation but no confirmation on the next CM had come till the time of going to press.
As many as 60 members of the state Assembly and 18 AIADMK members of Parliament came to Bangalore from Chennai to show solidarity with the chief minister. Besides 20,000 other people were learnt to have arrived in the city from across Tamil Nadu.
The disproportionate-asset case dates back to 1996, when Dravida Munnettra Kazhagam (DMK) General-Secretary K Anbazhagan filed a complaint, claiming Jayalalithaa had amassed Rs 66.65 crore of wealth that was disproportionate with her known sources of income. In a raid carried out in 1997 in connection with this case, 800 kg silver, 28 kg gold, 750 pairs of shoes, 10,500 saris, 91 watches and other items were seized from Jayalalithaa’s Chennai residence.
Later, on a petition filed by Anbazhagan, who expressed his doubt over conduct of a fair trial in Chennai with Jayalalithaa as Tamil Nadu chief minister, the Supreme Court transferred the case to a Bangalore special court in 2003.
Jayalalithaa, who has waged several legal battles and seen several ups and downs in her political career, had to earlier quit as chief minister immediately after taking oath in 2001. This was after the Supreme Court declared her appointment null and void because she had been sentenced to two years of rigorous imprisonment in a corruption case.
At that time, O Paneerselvam, a junior minister in her Cabinet, was appointed the chief minister of Tamil Nadu. By 2002, she was cleared of all charges and again sworn in as CM.

Reliance Jio Raises $750 Million Loan From Korea Exim BankYou are here: Home Corporates
Reliance Jio Raises $750 Million Loan From Korea Exim Bank
Reuters | Updated On: September 25, 2014 21:29 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Mumbai: Reliance Jio Infocomm, the telecommunications arm of Reliance Industries Ltd, said it had raised a $750 million loan from Korea Exim Bank to finance the purchase of telecoms infrastructure from Samsung Electronics.
The loan is guaranteed by Reliance Industries and has a 12-year tenor, the company said in a statement late on Thursday.
Reliance Industries has said it will invest over $11 billion for its 4G telecoms service as the business beefs up infrastructure ahead of a nationwide rollout next year.
Korea Exim Bank is funding $440 million of the loan directly with the balance being funded by a consortium of global banks, the statement noted.
Reliance, controlled by India's richest man Mukesh Ambani, won an exclusive nationwide licence in 2010 to roll out 4G across India, but has yet to launch services.
It aims to offer high-speed data as well as voice services and added more airwaves from an auction this year.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Khoob bhalo! Vidya Balan woos Kolkata; Shilpa Shetty charms Delhientertainment
Alia Bhatt – Newest designer on the block
The young and versatile actress Alia Bhatt has turned designer for an online shopping portal with the  range is titled 'Alia'. Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhaniya says her love for fashion is courtesy filmmaker Karan Johar. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Alia Bhatt, who was stunning in a black dress from her own collection, says she was not much of a fashionista initially, but during the shooting for 'Student of The Year', she started loving the world of fashion. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
"I didn't really understand clothes while I was overweight,” the 21-year-old actress said. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Alia Bhatt looks up to Manish Malhotra for his energy and attitude when it comes to a professional designer. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Vidya Balan, who has played a Bengali on screen in 'Parineeta' and 'Kahaani', wood Kolkata launching a jewellery showroom in the city. (Source: PTI)
Khoob bhalo! Vidya Balan looked picture perfect in a red sari with yellow and completed her look with big red bindi, heavy gold jewellery. (Source: PTI)
Vidya Balan, who considers Kolkata as her second home, said she makes it to the city every Durga Puja. “I somehow make it to Kolkata during Durga Puja every year. I have always said that Kolkata is my second home." (Source: PTI)
Meanwhile, actress and enterpreneur Shilpa Shetty was in New Delhi to launch her sari collection with a famous online shopping portal. She tweeted: "My first sari from the SSK line for Home shop 18 will be available from the 11th oct .yippppeeee:)." (Source: PTI)
Shilpa Shetty with her husband Raj Kundra on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Shilpa showed off her slender figure in a colourful sari from her collection. (Source: PTI)
Related

Old friends Gauri Khan  Sussanne Roshan reuniteentertainment
Old friends Gauri Khan,  Sussanne Roshan reunite
Superstar  Shah Rukh Khan's wife Gauri Khan reunited with her friend and Hrithik Roshan's ex-wife Sussanne Roshan at her elder sister Simone Arora's store launch in Mumbai on Friday night.
Gauri walks in, in a kurta, jeans and heels. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sussanne was in colored pants, plain white top and a belt with a pair of pumps finished her look. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sussanne's jewellery designer sister Farah Ali Khan was in a white attire with a stunning neck piece. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sisters in arms – Sussanne, Simone and Farah. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Actor Zayed Khan's wife Malaika Parekh was in a brown knee-length dress. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sussanne's parents – Sanjay and Zarine Khan. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Here comes the Khan family – Zarine and Sanjay with Sussanne, Farah, Simone, her husband and children and Zayed's wife Malaika. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sussanne with sister Simone, her husband, nephew and niece. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sussanne and Farah with sister-in-law Malaika. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
'Maine Pyaar Kiya' actress Bhagyashree in pants and a white shirt. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Kajol's sister Tanishaa in a short green dress. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Bollywood photographer Dabboo Rattnani with wife Manisha. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Anil Kapoor's wife Sunita walks in. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Divya Kumar Khosla in a short pink lacy dress. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Natasha Poonawaala was in boots, distressed denims, tank and a Moschino jacket. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Actress Poonam Dhilon was dressed soberly in beige and white kurta and palazzo pants. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Madhoo Shah looked out of place in a colourful anarkali. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Producers Ronie Srewvala with wife Zarine Mehta. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Shamita Shetty in her LBD. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Will assembly polls bring Raj  Uddhav togetherComments
Following the split between the Shiv Sena and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), speculations are rife over whether the warring Thackeray cousins, Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray and Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray, will join forces to fight the upcoming state elections.
Advertisement
With a five-cornered contest in the state after the breaking of alliances, the MNS and the Sena will face each other directly for the first time. Both parties who have similar agendas, and have a similar voter base, are bound to cut into each other’s votes in several constituencies.
The rumours of a patch-up picked up after Sena MP Sanjay Raut in a TV programme said Uddhav had inquired about Raj’s health last week. Raj, who was unwell, had returned halfway from a party candidate’s interview, after feeling restless.
Read: Free of Sena baggage, BJP may play ‘separate Vidarbha’ card for votes
For now, the Thackerays are staring at an election that could make or break their careers. While Uddhav has dared to bear the weight of the Sena by contesting all 288 seats, Raj who faced a major drubbing in the Lok Sabha polls needs to win at least his existing 13 seats.
According to sources, if the two brothers arrive at some tacit understanding of not pitching candidates against each other in some constituencies, it could be mutually beneficial. 
Read: Prithviraj Chavan resigns as CM, Maharashtra may see Prez rule
The spot left vacant in 12 municipal bodies, including Mumbai and Thane, with the BJP backing out of the alliance could be filled up by the MNS. In Mumbai civic body, the Sena, which has 75 seats, could replace the BJP which has 31 corporators with the MNS which has 28 corporators to keep power.
A post-poll alliance or a possibility of the MNS helping the Sena retain power in the BMC cannot be ruled out, sources indicated. “The reason why both of them split is the issue of leadership and that will still remain if the two come together. Breaking away from the Sena is crucial to MNS’ existence. For Raj to succeed, he will have to be seen as a lone fighter,” political commentator Surendra Jondhale said.
However, the Sena released a statement saying that “a wrong message is being circulated which claims that MNS and Shiv Sena alliance is fighting the elections together. This information is incorrect. Sena is going to fight the elections on its own might.”

ADB Sells Entire Stake in Petronet LNGYou are here: Home Corporates
ADB Sells Entire Stake in Petronet LNG
Reuters | Updated On: September 26, 2014 19:32 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Mumbai: Asian Development Bank (ADB) sold its entire 5.2 per cent stake in Indian gas supplier Petronet LNG Ltd for Rs 714 crore ($116.8 million) on Friday via block deals, BSE data showed.
ADB sold over 39 million shares of Petronet LNG on BSE in various block deals, at an average price of Rs 183.2 apiece.
The shares were bought by Citigroup Global Markets Mauritius Pvt Ltd and HDFC Mutual funds among others, according to BSE data.
Citigroup bought 8.8 million shares, HDFC Top 200 Fund took 3.77 million shares, while HDFC Equity Fund purchased 4.67 million shares at Rs 183.2 rupees a share each.
The gas supplier's shares ended down 3.8 per cent at Rs 185.50 on Friday on BSE.
ADB had on Thursday launched a share sale in Petronet LNG to raise up to $120 million, three sources with direct knowledge of the deal had told Reuters.
($1 = 61.1400 Indian rupee)
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: September 26, 2014 19:31 (IST)

US Grows at Quickest Pace in 2-1/2 YearsCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Washington: The US economy grew at its fastest pace in 2-1/2 years in the second quarter with all sectors contributing to the jump in output in a bullish signal for the remainder of the year.
The Commerce Department on Friday raised its estimate of gross domestic product to show the economy expanded at a 4.6 per cent annual rate. That was in line with Wall Street's expectations.
The best performance since the fourth quarter of 2011 reflected a faster pace of business spending and sturdier export growth than previously estimated.
But consumer spending, which accounts for more than two-thirds of US economic activity, was unrevised as stronger healthcare outlays were offset by weaknesses in recreation and durable goods spending.
With domestic demand increasing at its fastest pace since 2010, the economic recovery appeared more durable after growth slumped in the first quarter because of an unusually cold winter.
So far, economic data such as manufacturing, trade and housing suggest that much of the second-quarter momentum spilled over into the third quarter. Growth estimates for the July-September quarter range as high as a 3.6 per cent pace.
Second quarter GDP was previously estimated to have advanced at a 4.2 per cent rate. The economy contracted at a 2.1 per cent pace in the first quarter.
The dollar extended gains against a basket of currencies on the report. US stock index futures were little changed.
The strong growth pace and domestic demand growth help to explain the robust job gains during the quarter, as well as the sharp decline in the unemployment rate.
When measured from the income side, the economy grew at a robust 5.2 per cent pace, revised up from the previously reported 4.7 per cent rate.
Business spending on equipment was raised to an 11.2 per cent pace from a 10.7 per cent rate. Businesses also invested more in nonresidential structures, such as gas drilling, as well as in research and development.
Businesses accumulated $84.8 billion worth of inventory in the second quarter, a bit more than the previously reported $83.9 billion. That saw restocking contributing 1.42 percentage points to GDP growth rather than 1.39 percentage points.
Still, there is little sign of an inventory overhang, a positive signal for third-quarter GDP growth.
Growth in consumer spending was unrevised at a 2.5 per cent rate in the second quarter.
Though trade was a drag for a second consecutive quarter, export growth was raised to an 11.1 per cent pace, the fastest since the fourth quarter of 2010, from a 10.1 per cent rate.
Housing market-related spending was revised up as was government spending.
Corporate profits rebounded a bit more strongly than previously reported from a decline in the first quarter that had been spurred by the expiration of a depreciation bonus.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Insurance Regulator Says Over Rs.50 000 Crore Capital Needed in SectorYou are here: Home Industries
Insurance Regulator Says Over Rs.50,000 Crore Capital Needed in Sector
Indo Asian News Service | Updated On: September 26, 2014 14:34 (IST)
Hyderabad: India's insurance industry needs capital infusion of over Rs.50,000 crore ($8 billion) and foreign direct investment (FDI) can make things easy, the Insurance Regulatory Development Authority (IRDA) said on Friday.
Irda chairman T S. Vijayan said the regulator welcomes any type of capital infusion.
"If foreign capital is increased, it will be easier flow of capital than all put together by Indians. We are not saying FDI has to come. Capital is required and Indians may not have that much ability to put all the capital," he told reporters on the sidelines of an event in Hyderabad.
Since the Bill for 49 per cent FDI in insurance sector is in Parliament, there will be some action only after it is passed, he said.
The Insurance Laws (Amendments) Bill, 2008, which seeks to raise the FDI limit in the sector to 49 per cent from the current 26 per cent, was referred to a select committee of Parliament last month.
Mr Vijayan said they would submit various suggestions to the select committee to modernise the Bill. Pointing out that the Bill was envisaged in 2006, he said many changes had taken place since then, including the new developments in technology.
He said non-life and health insurances was not there in 2006 and this required separate provisions. Repositories and e-commerce are the other new developments which need to be incorporated in the bill.
Mr Vijayan further said the regulator had licensed five repositories and asked all companies to digitise 5,000 policies each under the pilot project. "By end of this month, the initial pilot will be over. We will review the whole thing after and try to solve the problems, if any."
He pointed out that Irda has approved customer service centres to sell standardised basic policies which some companies have recently developed. He said the policy has same features but are being marketed by the companies in different names.
Earlier addressing a conference on 'digitisation and enhanced foreign direct investment', organised by Assocham, he stressed the need for the industry to develop products that are suitable to be sold online.
He called for developing products which are affordable to majority of the population.
He also said digitisation offers an opportunity to companies to cut down their costs and pass on the benefits to consumers.
Story first published on: September 26, 2014 14:29 (IST)

SBI Signs $500 Million Line of Credit With Korean Credit AgencyYou are here: Home Corporates
SBI Signs $500 Million Line of Credit With Korean Credit Agency
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 26, 2014 21:32 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Mumbai: State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest lender, on Friday said it has signed a line of credit (LoC) of $500 million with Export-Import Bank of Korea (Korea Eximbank).
This will be in addition to LoC of $200 million signed between the two institutions on January 16, 2014 to support Indian companies importing goods and services from Korea, SBI said in a release.
The agreement was signed between SBI's regional head (East Asia), C Venkat Nageswar, and Korea Eximbank's member of board of directors, Young Whan Sul, at Seoul.
The entire process was facilitated by the state-run lender's subsidiary SBI Capital Markets.
"This signing is a step towards further strengthening of Korea-India strategic partnership," SBI Capital Markets managing director and CEO Rajnish Kumar said.
The LoC can be utilised to finance SBI's clients in India and its neighbouring countries having business relationships either by way of equity participation or regular trade with Korean companies globally, as well as joint ventures or subsidiaries of Korean companies, the release added.
Story first published on: September 26, 2014 20:26 (IST)

Unnecessary Judgments Impact Forward-Progressreddit
An idea can be impacted by judgments (internal and external) before any work begins to develop it.  Generally, the biggest barriers to an idea's fate are normally related to someone's immediate reaction(s) about a concept's value, along with self-imposed limitations about the possibility of being able to implement it.
Doubts, worries, and fears about an idea's potential success are normal --- as most individuals don't want to be or be considered a failure.  Although, these types of thoughts can unnecessarily create self-imposed limitations that negatively impact someone's forward-progress.  Furthermore, anyone who can move beyond potential barrier(s) to make forward-progress might also have their idea(s) derailed by individuals who sometimes provide baseless evaluations about a concept's worthiness.
Before continuing, a definition of judgment as it relates to this article is required.  A judgment is an assessment (right or wrong) about the quality, feasibility, value, necessity, or an ability to achieve a communicated idea, goal, or objective.  Judgments can be valuable tools for forward-progress or can be barriers that limit potential ideas and futures.
Baseless judgments can:
create closed environments that don't allow open and honest communication;
create environments of fear that prevent the reporting of unacceptable behavior;
minimize opportunities to share struggles or be vulnerable due to others' evaluations;
block new ideas from being developed;
impact positive progress;
prevent individuals from achieving their potential and living fulfilled lives.
Thoughtful judgments - even if the comments aren't delivered in the most positive way - can:
help individuals make forward-progress;
build confidence for an individual or idea;
lead to additional and sometimes better ideas;
provide an emotional boost to help individuals get past a difficult moment or challenge;
cause others to support a cause;
positively improve lives.
Judgmental comments should be mindfully offered --- especially with impressionable individuals.  This guidance is important because unsolicited and offhanded remarks can be unnecessarily impactful, while also having the potential to provide negative direction that might prevent innovative ideas from being developed or individuals from advancement.
If someone's idea(s) don't make sense to you, don't quash it; instead, help an individual evaluate options to determine if their idea(s) can and sometimes should be further developed.
This post originally appeared on S. L. Young's blog on his website at: www.slyoung.com
Follow S. L. Young on Twitter: www.twitter.com/slyoungva
More:

BSE  Bank of New York Mellon to ease foreign investment rulesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Karunanidhis Gopalapuram residence attackedUpdated: September 27, 2014 16:07 IST
Karunanidhi’s Gopalapuram residence attacked
B. Arvind Kumar
A view of DMK president M. karunanidhi's residence in Gopalapuram, Chennai. File Photo: M. Karunakaran
TOPICS
punishment
A scuffle broke out in front of DMK president M. Karunanidhi's Gopalapuram residence in Chennai as AIADMK workers tried to storm his house following the conviction of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa in the disproportionate wealth case in a special court in Bangalore on Saturday.
Stones were thrown at the house and both party men clashed.
A DMK worker sustained bleeding injuries.
All the roads leading to Mr. Karunanidhi's residence have been cordoned off.
A group of AIADMK workers were seenl arguing with the policemen on security duty, accusing them of conniving with the DMK leader.

BNP Paribas chairman Prot resigns: CompanySave precious time tracking your investments
The chairman of BNP Paribas has resigned, some three months after the French bank was hit by a record $8.9 billion fine for violating US sanctions, the bank said.
Baudoin Prot , 63, who has headed the bank since 2011, was stepping down as of December 1 "for personal reasons," the bank said in a statement following a meeting of the board late on Friday.
Prot will be replaced by Jean Lemierre , 64, one of his close advisors and a key figure in negotiating BNP Paribas's settlement with US authorities.
Prot's resignation, which was first reported by a source close to the matter on Tuesday, comes almost three months after the giant French bank pleaded guilty to US criminal charges of violating sanctions on Iran, Sudan and other countries.
Prior to becoming chairman, Prot served as chief executive of BNP Paribas from 2003-2011, the period in which many of the violations of US sanctions law took place .
US officials said BNP Paribas deliberately hid thousands of transactions with Iran, Sudan, Myanmar and Cuba, countries that were sanctioned for terrorism and human rights violations.
The bank agreed to plead guilty to one count of conspiring to violate sanctions, making it the first bank found guilty in a sanctions case.
Prot was not personally questioned by US authorities during the probe, but the difficulty of the settlement negotiations took its toll on the chairman, according to people familiar with the bank.

Deepak Fertilisers  Zuari raise bids as race for Vijay Mallya-led Mangalore Chemicals hots upDeepak Fertilisers, Zuari raise bids as race for Vijay Mallya-led Mangalore Chemicals hots up
fe Bureau | Kolkata, Pune | Updated:  Sep 27 2014, 08:56  IST
Sep 27 2014, 08:56  IST
 

Apple Inc says majority of Mac computer users not at risk from  Shellshock  bugApple Inc says majority of Mac computer users not at risk from 'Shellshock' bug
Reuters | San Francisco | Published:  Sep 27 2014, 09:27  IST
Sep 27 2014, 09:27  IST
 

Intex launches three dual-SIM Star range of smartphones  prices start Rs 6 990E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Hyundai-led group agrees to $10 bn land deal  stokes union rageE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

MCF takeover: Deepak Fertilisers takes the lead with revised open offerMCF takeover: Deepak Fertilisers takes the lead with revised open offer
Digbijay Mishra | New Delhi Sep 27, 2014 12:50 AM IST
Intensifying its efforts to take over Mangalore Chemicals & Fertilizers (MCF), Pune-based Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation has revised its open offer price by 48 per cent from Rs 63 to Rs 93.6 a share, a move that could well prove to be the game-changer in the MCF takeover saga. Deepak Fertilisers already holds a 25.3 per cent in MCF.
Vying with Deepak in taking control over MCF is the Vijay Mallya-Saroj Poddar combine, who have also revised their joint open offer from Rs 68.55 to 81.60 a share.
Mallya, through his UB Group, holds a 21.98 per cent stake in MCF, while Poddar has a 16.43 per cent stake in the company.
“Our average purchase price of MCF shares works out to Rs 78 per share. We feel that this is a fair representation of the value of MCF, considering its synergies with our business in terms of product portfolio and geographic spread, its infrastructure facilities and the potential for further growth. We see value-creation opportunities over the medium to long term," said Somnath Patil, president and chief financial officer at Deepak.  
Deepak’s Rs 288-crore open offer, compared with Mallya-Poddar’s Rs 251 crore, has come as a surprising move, because a 48 per cent premium over the Pune-based company’s last offer price was not expected by analysts.
After approvals from the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) and the Competition Commission of India (CCI), both the suitors chose to revise their open offer price as the company’s scrip was already trading higher this week, compared to the earlier prices offered by Zuari-UB Group and Deepak Fertilisers.
The open offers are slated to start from October 1 and, as it stands, Deepak might be able to corner higher number of shares owing to substantially higher price offered to MCF shareholders. Following the announcement, MCF shares surged about 20 per cent, hitting a 52-week high of Rs 88.10 and it settled at the same level at the end of trading on the BSE on Friday.
Business Standard had earlier reported that Deepak Fertilisers was set to revise its offer thanks to ‘high interest’ in MCF. The latest move by the Pune-based company comes as another surprising move as most analysts said such a higher premium for shares of MCF was not expected and this would place the Pune-based company in a stronger situation.
“A price revision was on the cards since the market price of MCF was already higher than the earlier open offers. But Deepak has taken a lead, as of now, by quoting a price as high as Rs 93.60 for each share,” said an analyst, who closely tracks MCF.
Poddar was not available for comments. When Poddar joined hands with Mallya to launch the joint open offer, it was thought Deepak Fertilisers’ chairman and managing director Sailesh Mehta might find it difficult to beat them. However, Mehta’s revised offer on Friday has pushed him ahead in the race to gain control over MFC, one of the last jewels of Mallya.
Mallya has been under severe pressure after he planned to join hands with Poddar to keep Deepak Fertilisers from gaining control over MCF. United Bank of India’s declaring Mallya a wilful defaulter has put a question mark over his chairmanship of MCF.
Owing to the defaulter tag, Mallya might not be able to nominate three directors on the MCF board according to the agreement with Poddar.
Incidentally, MCF’s minority shareholders Nagreeka Foils had written to Sebi, asking Mallya to be removed from the MCF board and that the contractual agreements between UB and Zuari be cancelled. According to the agreement signed on May 12, Mallya will remain MCF chairman for the next five years if UB and Zuari gain a controlling stake in MCF.
DESPERATE SUITORS
Vying with Deepak Fert in taking control over MCF is the Vijay Mallya-Saroj Poddar combine
April 2013: Zuari chief Saroj Poddar initially buys close to 10% stake in MCF with the intent of gaining control. Poddar makes it clear he is in talks to jointly run the company with MCF Chairman Vijay Mallya
July 2013: Sailesh Mehta-led Deepak Fertilisers makes surprise entry by buying a 24% stake in MCF. Poddar increases his stake to 16.4% through open-market purchase of shares
April 2014: Deepak further increases its stake to 25.3%, triggering an open offer
May 2014: Poddar partners Mallya to launch a counter offer at Rs 68.55 a share versus Deepak's Rs 63 a share
July 2014: Sebi clears open offer proposals of Mallya-Poddar and Deepak Fertilisers
August 2014: CCI gives it nods to Deepak Fertilisers to launch open offer
September 2014: CCI clears Zuari-UB group’s proposal to launch open offer for additional stake in MCF

UK to join air strikes against Isis in IraqRAF completes first Iraq combat mission
By Kiran Stacey, Political Correspondent, and agencies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aa5720d2-4562-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cameron promises discount for young home buyersSeptember 27, 2014 11:10 am
PM promises young home buyers discount
By Press Association
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9c0205fc-4629-11e4-8820-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maruti Ciaz needs to watch out for new Volkswagen Vento  Skoda RapidE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Asiad: Mens team gets historic gold  women grab silverSummer Asian Games
The Indian squash players wrapped up a historic performance in the Asian Games, clinching an unprecedented men’s team gold after the women’s side settled for its first ever silver in Incheon on Saturday.
With a silver and a bronze, through Saurav Ghosal and Dipika Pallikal respectively in the individual events, the squash players signed off with their best ever medal haul in the Games.
The icing on the cake was provided by the men’s team, led by Ghosal, which clinched the historic gold after edging out Malaysia in the summit clash.
Ghosal played out of his skin to guide India to a 2-0 win against Malaysia in a n energy-sapping contest that lasted two hours and 26 minutes at the Yeorumul Squash Courts here.
It was 25-year-old Harinder Pal Singh Sandhu, who started the proceedings for India on a positive note as he saw off Iskandar Mohamad Azlan Bin 11-8 11-6 8-11 11-4 in the opening match that lasted 58 minutes.
World No.16 Ghosal then bounced back from a game down to eke out a 6-11 11-7 11-6 12-14 11-9 win over former world no. 7, Ong Beng Hee in a gruelling 88-minute clash to give India a healthy 2-0 lead.
The Kolkata-player, who had a 1-1 record against Ong before this match, had to dig deep against the Malaysian, who turned the tables in the fourth game which lasted 19 minutes.
In the decider, Ghosal managed to keep his nose ahead and reached the match point at 10-8. Ong saved one but the Indian closed the door on his rival on the next opportunity to bring joy to the country’s contingent here.
The inconsequential third match between Mangaonkar Mahesh and Mohd Adnan Mohd Nafiizwan Bin didn’t take place after the Indian withdrew from the contest.
Earlier in the day, the Indian women’s squash team went down to Malaysia 0-2 in the final to settle for the silver medal.
Deepika Pallikal and Anaka Alankamony lost their matches in a contest which lasted a little over an hour.
Alankamony opened the proceedings for India and did up some fight before going down 9-11 10-12 2-11 to Odette Arnold Delia in 43 minutes.
Next up was Pallikal, who once again came face to face against world number one Nicol David after losing the singles semifinal to her earlier this week.
The face off, however, did not yield a different result as Pallikal went down 7-11 6-11 3-11 in 29 minutes.
Joshana Chinappa’s inconsequential final rubber did not take place after her rival Wee Wern Low withdrew from the contest.
Prior to this, India had won four medals (all bronze) at the Asian Games since the sport was introduced in the 1998 Bangkok edition. Two of them came courtesy Ghosal and the rest in men’s and women’s team events

Asian Games 2014: India defy odds to shock world archery powerhouse Koreaprint
India's Abhishek Verma shoots as teammates Sandeep Kumar and Rajat Chauhan watch during their men's compound team gold medal archery match against South Korea. (Reuters Photo)
India earned their second gold medal in the 17th Asian Games after the men's compound archery team bagged the yellow metal by getting the better of South Korea on Saturday at Incheon.
The Indian women's compound team, meanwhile, settled for a bronze after beating Iran in the third-place play-off.
The Indian men's trio of Abhishek Verma, Rajat Chauhan and Sandeep Kumar eked out a narrow 227-225 victory over the hosts to give the country their second gold medal in eight days.
Shooter Jitu Rai had earned the top position on the first day of the competition.
In a closely-fought contest today, the South Korean team of Choi Yong-hee, Min Li-hong and Yang Young-ho fell short by just two points, even as the Indians held on to their nerves to win an all-important battle.
Indian men had 12 10s as compared to 13 by their opponents.
Earlier, the Indian women's team consisting of Trisha Deb, Purvasha Shende and Surekha Jyothi shot 224, while Sakineh Ghasempour, Maryam Ranjbarsari and Shabnam Sarlak of Iran could earn a total of 217 points.
Both Indian and Iranian girls had a total of nine 10's each at the Gyeyang Asiad Archery Field in Incheon.
Indian girls had earlier lost the semi-finals by a slim margin of 224-226 against Chinese Taipei on Thursday to set up a bronze-medal play-off with Iran.

Jayalalithaa found guilty of corruption  sentenced to 4 years in jail; set to be arrestedFE editor's picks
Jayalalithaa found guilty in disproportionate assets case; verdict assigns 4-year jail term, fine of Rs 100 crore
PTI | Bangalore | Updated:  Sep 27 2014, 22:09  IST
Sep 27 2014, 22:09  IST
 

J&K floods: People block arterial roads in Srinagar due to delay in dewateringPrint
Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: September 27, 2014 5:07 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 5:16 pm
A number of people, mostly women, on Saturday blocked many arterial roads in protest against alleged lack of concern of officials in dewatering the flooded areas in the city, the summer capital of Jammu and Kashmir.
Dozens of residents, mostly women, hailing from Maisuma and Koker Bazaar localities near Lal Chowk blocked the Budshah Bridge to protest against alleged official apathy in dewatering these areas.
“Most of the houses in Maisuma have become unsafe for living and the affected people are not sure when they can start reconstruction works,” Saleema, one of the women protestors, said.
“It has been 21 days since flood water entered our areas and the government does not seem to be bothered,” she said.
Shabir Ahmad, who owns a shop in Budshah Chowk, said while dozens of heavy duty pumps were installed in Rajbagh and Jawahar Nagar area for dewatering, only few fire tenders were used for draining out water from the commercial hub of Kashmir.
The protestors demanded that City Deputy Commissioner Farooq Ahmad Shah should come and visit the area to get firsthand account of tardy pace of dewatering.
The blockade of the arterial bridge snapped traffic movement between north and south parts of the city.
Similar protests were also held at Bemina and Qamarwari area where the residents, besides seeking faster dewatering, were also seeking relief material like blankets, ration and medicines.
None of the officials from the state government could be contacted for comment as the telecommunication network in the valley has not been fully restored yet.
Deputy Commissioner, Srinagar, was not in his office as his subordinate staff told PTI that he had gone to attend to the emergent situations in the city.

Tanvi Azmi to play Ranveer Singh’s mother in ‘Bajirao Mastani’Tanvi was seen as the best choice for the strong domineering part of Bajirao’s mother.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 27, 2014 5:22 pm
The casting of Sanjay Leela Bhansali’s “Bajirao Mastani” just got even more interesting as the filmmaker has roped in Tanvi Azmi to play Bajirao’s mother Radhabai in the historic drama.
Reportedly, names like Shabana Azmi, Dimple Kapadia and Supriya Pathak were previously considered for the part.
Revealing details of how Tanvi bagged the very important role, a source from the “Bajirao Mastani” team revealed: “Supriyaji was out because Bhansali had already worked his magic on her talent in ‘Goliyon Ki Raasleela – Ram Leela’. Getting Ranveer Singh, Deepika Padukone, Priyanka Chopra and Surpriya Pathak together again in ‘Bajirao…’ after ‘…Ram Leela’ would have been too much of an instant replay.”
Tanvi was seen as the best choice for the strong domineering part of Bajirao’s mother.
Before being signed on, she had to go through a compatibility test with Ranveer Singh to see whether they looked like mother and son. The two hit it off from the word go.

J&K floods: People block arterial roads as govt delays dewatering processPrint
Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: September 27, 2014 5:07 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 5:16 pm
A number of people, mostly women, on Saturday blocked many arterial roads in protest against alleged lack of concern of officials in dewatering the flooded areas in the city, the summer capital of Jammu and Kashmir.
Dozens of residents, mostly women, hailing from Maisuma and Koker Bazaar localities near Lal Chowk blocked the Budshah Bridge to protest against alleged official apathy in dewatering these areas.
“Most of the houses in Maisuma have become unsafe for living and the affected people are not sure when they can start reconstruction works,” Saleema, one of the women protestors, said.
“It has been 21 days since flood water entered our areas and the government does not seem to be bothered,” she said.
Shabir Ahmad, who owns a shop in Budshah Chowk, said while dozens of heavy duty pumps were installed in Rajbagh and Jawahar Nagar area for dewatering, only few fire tenders were used for draining out water from the commercial hub of Kashmir.
The protestors demanded that City Deputy Commissioner Farooq Ahmad Shah should come and visit the area to get firsthand account of tardy pace of dewatering.
The blockade of the arterial bridge snapped traffic movement between north and south parts of the city.
Similar protests were also held at Bemina and Qamarwari area where the residents, besides seeking faster dewatering, were also seeking relief material like blankets, ration and medicines.
None of the officials from the state government could be contacted for comment as the telecommunication network in the valley has not been fully restored yet.
Deputy Commissioner, Srinagar, was not in his office as his subordinate staff told PTI that he had gone to attend to the emergent situations in the city.

Veteran actor Sanjay Khan gets nod to build theme park in AgraPrint
Written by Mohd Faisal Fareed | Lucknow | Posted: September 27, 2014 4:40 pm
Based on the idea of depicting the history and culture of seven cities, veteran actor and film director Sanjay Khan has been given the green signal by the Uttar Pradesh government to set up a theme park in Agra.
Spread over an area of nearly 1,000 acres, the theme park will require an investment of over Rs 1,000 crore.
The state government has already initiated steps towards setting up of the theme park by issuing notices for acquisition of land from the farmers for the project.
A Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) will be formed soon to transfer the equity to Khan. The total cost of the land for the project will be nearly Rs 590 crore.
Khan, who held several meetings with state government officials earlier, had recently met Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav for his dream project. Khan also showed a 15-minute promotional film about the project to the CM, following which he has been allowed to set up the theme park.
The unique park will have seven sections depicting different periods of history — from ancient to modern era. Each era will have its own arrangement of cities, market and buildings constructed on the same lines as they existed in that particular period. “If it is depicting Patliputra of ancient times, everything will be constructed in the same pattern. Visitors can roam through the city and get a feel about the history,” Manoj Kumar Singh, Managing Director, Uttar Pradesh State Industrial Development Corporation (UPSIDC) told The Indian Express.
These seven cities will be connected through a monorail to ferry tourists from one city to another. The theme park will also offer at least four starred hotels, an area for theme-based wedding functions and shooting areas for film makers.
The State government is hopeful that the theme park, due to its location at a famous tourist location, will attract a regular inflow of customers, boosting tourism. Better connectivity from Delhi through Yamuna Expressway and to Lucknow through Lucknow-Agra Green Expressway has also been considered while sanctioning the project.

I was hesitant to do ‘3 AM : Anindita NayarPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 27, 2014 4:38 pm
Actress Anindita Nayar says her fear of supernatural elements made her doubtful about signing for the horror film ’3 AM’.
Anindita co-stars with VJ-actor Ranvijay Singh in the film, which released yesterday. The actress says the script and director Vishal Mahadkar’s narration made her take up the movie.
“I had reservations about doing the film because I am scared of such films. In fact, I would not have even watched a film like ’3 AM’ but the way Vishal narrated me the script that got me in. I really like the story of the movie,” Anindita told PTI.
Anindita, who made her Bollywood debut with Vir\ Das-starrer ‘Amit Sahni ki List’, says she feels happy that Vishal was keen on working with her.
“Vishal wanted to work me from the beginning and if thing had taken different turn I would have made my debut with his film ‘Blood Money’. Though that did not happen, he showed interest in working with me. This also became one of my reasons to sign ’3 AM’,” she said.
The 24-year-old actress is looking forward to her next film which will be a satire.
“I want to be versatile and give something new to my audience every time I can come on scree. My first film was a romantic comedy, ’3 AM’ is a horror and the next will be a satire, so that’s quite a variety,” Anindita said.

LIVE: JAYALALITHAA GETS 4-YEAR JAIL  FINED RS. 100 CROREUpdated: September 29, 2014 14:36 IST
Jayalalithaa conviction: As it happened
Tweet
The Hindu The remains of a bus which was set on fire following violence which erupted in the wake of the verdict against Jayalalithaa, at Kammalapalayam in Kancheepuram district on Saturday. Photo: D. Gopalakrishnan
The Hindu Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa on her way to the Parappana Agrahara court complex in Bangalore on Saturday. A special court has convicted her in a disproportionate wealth case.
PTI A file photo of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa with her close aide Sasikala in Chennai on February 2008.
TOPICS
 Jayalalithaa wealth case
Minute-by-minute coverage of the historic verdict against Jayalalithaa in the disproportinate assets case.
September 29: Jayalalithaa's appeal against Special Court's conviction order was filed in the Karnataka High Court around 11 a.m. Her advocates filed the appeal, with a plea seeking suspension of sentence, in the High Court's registry section. Jayalalithaa’s aide Sasikala, her relatives V.N Sudhakaran and Ilavarasi also approached the High Court, seeking bail. Senior Supreme Court advocate Ram Jethmalani will represent Jayalalithaa with the defence team. O. Panneerselvam takes oath as Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu.
September 28 (Sunday): Stray incidents of violence reported across Tamil Nadu
19:11: In Ooty a group of supporters burnt an effigy of DMK leader M.Karunanidhi opposite the municipal market,pulled down banners and hoardings of the DMK and staged road blockade agitations in busy areas like Charing Cross,Garden Road and the Coffee House junction.
In Coonoor, Gudalur, Kotagiri, Pandhalur and Manjoor also normal life was hit with most of the commercial establishments remaining closed.
18:37: Since buses have been suspended in many districts, share-autorickshaws are charging as much as Rs. 100 for a short distance of 5 km
Thanks to heavy police presence, no major problems have been reported in southern districts.
There is huge rush for trains in southern districts. Commuters heading to Chennai are lining up in Tirunelveli and Kanyakumari junctions.
Candidates appearing for TNPSC exams tomorrow in Chennai are anxious to know if the exams will be go on as scheduled.
Shops and establishments have not opened as a precautionary measure in many towns in this region. The Theni district administration has ordered closure of TASMAC outlets.
18:00 On Jayalalithaa's political future: She is disqualified from contest for the period of imprisonment (four years) and six years thereafter. A total of 10years. At the same time, she has the right of appeal. At the time of appeal, the sentence is usually suspended, but in rare, very rare cases, the court may grant stay of conviction. In such a situation, it may be argued that by getting a stay on conviction she has re-acquired the qualification to contest. In the event of there being no such stay, but only an order suspending the sentence and granting bail, she may be unable to contest until the High Court gives its final verdict on her appeal. If and when she re-acquires eligibility to contest, she has to come into the Assembly only through a by-election.
17:56: Shops remained closed at Ariyalur and towns such as Thirumanur, Jayamkondam, Andimandam and T.Pazhur in Ariylaur district. There was stone-pelting between the AIADMK and DMK cadres at Senthurai in which two persons were injured. Bus services remained suspended in most parts of the two districts.
.,17:55: Cadres of the AIADMK and the DMK pelted stones against each other after the former attacked the office of the former Union Minister A.Raja in Perambalur. The DMK cadres retaliated after some AIADMK supporters pelted stones at the office. AIADMK cadre also pulled down a 50-foot flag post of the DMK and damaged its base near Perambalur New Bus Stand. The party cadre also resorted to a road blockade near the bus stand for about 30 minutes and burnt effigies of DMK president M.Karunanidhi and BJP leader Subramanian Swamy. Shops remained closed in Perambalur and Veppanthattai.
17:01: Jayalalithaa has been sentenced to four years in jail and fined Rs. 100 crore; each of the other accused have been sentenced to four years in jail and fined Rs. 10 crore. Read full report
16:53: Verdict in Jayalalithaa case comes as a rude shock to the ruling AIADMK, casting a doubt over the 66-year-old leader’s political future ahead of the 2016 Assembly polls. Read more
Jayalalithaa has earned the dubious distinction of becoming the first Chief Minister in the country to be found guilty under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
16:42: Situation near Bangalore Court: A bus full of AIADMK party workers taken out of Parappana Aagrahara by the police.
Prohibitory orders in Parappana Agrahara extended from 1 km radius of the court to 5 km now.
People huddled in groups are being chased away
The HinduThe remains of a bus which was set on fire following violence which erupted in the wake of the verdict against Jayalalithaa, at Kammalapalayam in Kancheepuram district on Saturday. Photo: D. Gopalakrishnan
(The remains of a bus which was set on fire following violence which erupted in the wake of the verdict against Jayalalithaa, at Kammalapalayam in Kancheepuram district on Saturday. Photo: D. Gopalakrishnan)
16:04 Report from Bangalore: The crowd waiting near the Special Court on Hosur road is dispersing and the movement of traffic on the busy national highway is also smooth.
Meanwhile, the police have beefed up security around the court, awaiting the quantum of sentence.
T. Selvan, who came from Coimbatore this morning by train said he was disappointed. He said he is leaving to railway station to catch the train back home.
Many others are waiting to know the sentence that will be known shortly.
15.41: DMK supporters, wielding sticks and iron bars, guard Karunanidhi’s home
15.28: All roads leading to Mr. Karunanidhi's Gopalapuram residence have been cordoned off. A group of AIADMK cadre are still arguing with the policemen on security duty accusing them of conniving with the DMK leader.
15.25: In Coimbatore, AIADMK supporters march from the party office "Idhaya Deivam Maaligai" on Huzur across to Avanashi Road hardly 500m away raising slogans against the DMK and Karunanidhi. The procession ended in violence and even as the cadre started attacking the vehicles, the police intervened and diverted traffic. However, the cadre continued to resort to a road blockade.
Police diverted traffic off Avanashi Road and the entire otherwise busy stretch wore a deserted look. By 2.30 p.m., there were reports of the AIADMK cadre forcing shop keepers to down shutters across the city and rural areas.
The city and peripheral areas wore a deserted look with closed shops and empty streets by 3 p.m., even before the court was about to pronounce the quantum of sentence.
Effigies of Mr. Karunanidhi and DMK General Secretary K. Anbazhagan was reported on Avanashi Road, Pollachi and Karumbukkadai. A self-immolation bid was also reported from Palladam in the neighbouring Tirupur district. Bus services started thinning down as a matter of precaution.
As a matter of precaution, the DMK party office on Cross Cut Road in Coimbatore was closed by 3.15 p.m. and the AIADMK party office saw cadre with emotions running high resulting in slogan shouting.
15.13: Jayalalithaa convicted, what next? Can she appeal? Or is this it? Who becomes next CM now? Read here
15.11: AIADMK supporters try to storm into DMK president M. Karunanidhi's Gopalapuram residence in Chennai. Pelt stones, a fight breaks out between the two party men. A DMK supporter sustains bleeding injuries. Full report
15.08: Chennai Connect @ChennaiConnect tweets: Effigy burning at Lloyds Rd where AIADMK office is situated.
Effigy burning at Lloyds Rd where AIADMK office is situated. pic.twitter.com/abnbVEkKZO
— Chennai Connect (@ChennaiConnect) September 27, 2014
15.04: Shops and commercial establishments have started closing down across central districts following the conviction of Jayalalaithaa. Shops have been closed in Thanjavur, Nagapattinam, Karur, Pudukottai and Perambalur.
15.03: At Puducherry, the Puducherry Road Transport Corporation has suspended its premier Volvo bus services to Chennai fearing violence in the wake of the Bangalore special court verdict holding Jayalalithaa guilty. The PRTC is adopting a wait and watch approach and will take a call on running long-haul Volvo buses scheduled later in the day and other regular services to destinations in Tamil Nadu according to the situation, an official said.
14.59: In Madurai.. the scene is a bit tense as reports of AIADMK cadres pelting stones in a few places are coming in. police have stepped up security near Subramanian Swamy's house in Madurai. TNSTC buses suspended to many southern districts from Madurai, but police say it's a precautionary step. Many shops around Meenakshi temple down shutters.
14:55: Minutes after AIADMK partymen burnt the effigy of DMK leader M. Karunanidhi on Saturday afternoon, the Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation halted its services from the main bus stand in Erode.
TNSTC sources said the buses have been halted following information that damage would be caused to the vehicles by agitating AIADMK partymen. "We have asked for protection from the police department to operate the buses in batches," a senior official said.
While the early morning bus to Mysore had completed the trip and returned, a few buses that departed in the late morning hours were stopped at the Tamil Nadu border at Kolinjur.
However, the Karnataka State Transport Corporation Bus had not operated its bus service to Erode since morning. In view of the tense situation, other vehicles bound for Tamil Nadu from Karnkataka have been stopped at Chamaraj Nagar district bordering Tamil Nadu, Superintendent of Police M.R. Sibi Chakravarthy said.
After burning the effigy, the AIADMK partymen squatted on the road and blocked the traffic for a while. Soon after, a posse of police personnel rushed to the main bus stand and defused the situation.
Madurai: There are reports that AIADMK cadres are indulging in pelting stones on buses across Madurai region comprising nine districts in south Tamil Nadu.
Shops and establishments have downed shutters. TASMAC outlets have closed. Buses on the long run have been suspended apprehending problems by miscreants.
14.50: Tense situation prevails at Jayalalithaa’s constituency Srirangam. A group of partymen go around the temple town asking shops to close down. Many shopkeepers down shutters voluntarily. Full report
The police were in small strength and were mutely watching the situation.
14:47: In Coimbatore, the AIADMK cadre marched from the party office "Idhaya Deivam Maaligai" situated on Huzur road towards Avanashi road, raising slogans against the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) and its leader M. Karunanidhi. The procession resulted in violence with the cadre attacking the vehicles. The police intervened and diverted the traffic. The cadres continued to resort to a road blockade.
By 2.30 p.m., there were reports of the AIADMK cadre forcing shop keepers to down shutters across the city and rural areas. The city and peripheral areas wore a deserted look with closed shops and empty streets by 3 p.m. Office goers began rushing home by 2.30 p.m. itself. Normal life was thrown out of gear.
There are reports from Avanashi Road, Pollachi and Karumbukkadai stating that the effigies of DMK leader M. Karunanidhi and General Secretary K. Anbazhagan were set on fire.
Incidents of self-immolation bids were reported from Coimbatore, Palladam and Tirupur.
Bus services have started thinning down. Bus stand at Gandhipuram witnessed hundreds of passengers waiting for hours together.
As a precautionary measure, the DMK party office on Cross Cut Road in Coimbatore was closed by 3.15 p.m. and the AIADMK party office saw cadre indulging slogan shouting.
In one attempt at Anna Statue on Avanashi Road, an AIADMK cadre who was setting ablaze an effigy suffered burn injuries and was rushed to the hospital.
14.40 : While the prosecution pressed for conviction, the accused sought a liberal approach due to their age. Section 13(2) and 13(1) (e) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988, under which she has been convicted attracts a minimum punishment of one year and a maximum sentence up to seven years.
14.35 : Jayalalithaa's aides, Sasikala, V.N. Sudhakaran and J. Ilavarasi have also been convicted under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 in the disproporrtionate assets case registered almost 18 years ago.
Judge John Michael Cunha pronounced the verdict at Gandhi Bhavan, in front of Bangalore Cenral Prison at Parappana Agrahara, where the court has been temporarily shifted for pronouncing the verdict in view of the Z+ security provided to Jayalalithaa.
14.15 : Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa convicted of all charges, SPP G. Bhavani Singh told The Hindu. Arguments on quantum of sentence will begin at 3 p.m., Mr. Singh said adding the prosecution will press for maximum sentence for the four accused including Jayalalithaa. Consequently, according to the Peoples Representation Act, Jayalalithaa would be disqualified as an MLA and will lose her Chief Minister position instantlly. As a pointer, the National Flag on her car was removed. Read here
13:10 : Even though the verdict is yet to come, the mood in the DMK camp is upbeat and hundreds of partymen have assembled outside M. Karunanidhi's Gopalapuram residence. They are celebrating.
12:39 : Police cane-charge AIADMK supporters who were trying to proceed towards the special court in Bangalore, PTI reports. As the AIADMK sympathisers attempted to break the security cordon at Hosur Road Junction near the Tamil Nadu-Karnataka border, police pushed them back with ‘mild’ cane-charge.
12: 03 p.m: Premature celebrations at AIADMK HQ as supporters burst fireworks. There isn't any security in place.
11: 50 a.m: Lawyers emerging from the court say the verdict has been postponed to 1 p.m.
Chennai Mayor Saidai Duraisami and Power Minister Natham Vishwanathan pacing around outside the court complex.
11: 39 a.m: Police resort to mild lathicharge against surging AIADMK supporters.
11: 28 a.m: A refresher about the case and a timeline of events as we wait for the judgment. Read here
We have a series of questions coming in from our readers, our experts are answering them here :
Q : Do you think DMK will gain political mileage if the verdict goes against Jaya.
Yes. The DMK will gain political mileage, more so in the 2016 Assembly elections
Q: Can Jayalalithaa put a case on DMK if she wins today?
A: For malicious prosecution? No, because it is the State which is prosecuting her. In her private capacity, she is free to file any case against anybody, but not through the government.
Q from @bhushan_tweets: What does exactly the sec 8(4) of Representation of the People Act say? How is it helping the politicians?
A: The section is no more valid. It has been declared unconstitutional by the Supreme Court. It was earlier used to protect sitting MLAs and MPs. It said when an MLA or MP is convicted while in office, the disqualification normally applicable to others will be deferred for three months. If an appeal is filed in the meantime, the disqualification is automatically stayed. This helped them continue in office without obtaining a favourable order on appeal.
Q: Who becomes next CM if Ms. Jayalaithaa gets convicted?
A: It's anybody's guess. There are many names doing the rounds. Finance Minister O.Panneerselvam, who on a similar occasion earlier became Chief Minister, and Visalakshi Nedunchezhian top the list.
Q: If convicted, can she appeal? Or is this it?
A: She has the right to appeal. This is only a Special Court.
As we wait for the judgement do head over to our live chat with our in-house experts to clarify all your questions on the case.
10: 50 a.m: A large number of AIADMK supporters arrive in Bangalore.
10: 40 a.m: Five Ministers whose vehicles were stuck in a traffic jam are walking towards the venue : O. Paneerselvam, Power Minister Nattam Vishwanatham, Housing board Minister Vaidyalingam, Highways Minister Yedapadi Palaniswamy, Rural Development Minister Pa. Mohan
10: 38 a.m: Chief Minister Jayalalithaa arrives at the Bangalore Court complex clad in a green saree, considered lucky for her. With her were close aide Sasikala, VN Sudhakaran and J Ilavarasi.
10: 36 a.m: Traffic movement has been stopped on Hosur Road.
10: 30 a.m: Jayalalithaa to arrive in a few minutes to Parapana Agrahara. Anxiety high among followers as the police make arrangements with alternative route.
#AIADMK cadre at the party headquarters in Chennai gather, raising slogans praising their leader. pic.twitter.com/S2ZnN1GS3Q
— Chennai Connect (@ChennaiConnect) September 27, 2014
10: 25 a.m: Chief Minister Jayalalithaa on her way to the Special Court in Gandhi Bhavan at Parapana Agrahara, police sources say.
10: 07 a.m: Most AIADMK big-wigs take position 20 metres away from court with VVIP passes. Rajya Sabha MP Navaneethakrishnan waves to the media.
If convicted, Jayalalithaa will face immediate disqualification as Member of the Legislative Assembly and will have to relinquish office.
If acquitted, it will free her of all charges, further reinforcing her claim that the case was based on rival DMK's political vendetta.
9:59 a.m: Meanwhile, the AIADMK headquarters in Chennai wears a deserted look.
9:50 a.m: Judge John Michael Cunha arrives at Parapana Agrahara with full security.
Man of the moment: Judge John Michael Cunha: Read
9:40 a.m: All cameras are set for the big verdict. Chief Minister Jayalalithaa is expected here after 10:30 a.m.
9.33 am: Several leaders and supporters of AIADMK gathered on Hosur Road to welcome Jayalalithaa leading to huge traffic jam on roads leading to Special Court venue.
9:24 a.m: All shops near the Bangalore Court have been shut today.
9.24 a.m.: The AIADMK's Karnataka State Unit president Pugazhandi has put out a series of banners and posters from Outer Ring Road junction leading to the venue of Special Court near Central Prison at Parappana Agrahara. All shops forced shut near court
9.15 a.m.: AIADMK workers bring traffic to a standstill on Hosur Road en route court complex
All eyes at the Parappana Agrahara prison complex, where the judgment is set to be pronounced: Read
9:10 a.m: Jayalalithaa has reached Chennai airport and is to fly to Bangalore shortly
Helipad being readied in Bangalore ahead of Ms. Jayalalithaa's landing.
9.07 a.m.: TN Minister B.V. Ramana left for the court complex
8.45 a.m: AIADMK workers flood Bangalore with posters of Amma. A taste of Chennai in Bangalore?
8: 30 a.m: Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa left her Poes Garden residence in Chennai. Expected to reach airport at 9 am and take special aircraft to Bangalore. Read here
Silver articles and gold ornaments found at Ms. Jayalalithaa's residence in 1997. The Hindu Archives
All you need to know about the case today: Timeline of events and more. Read here
An epic trial that witnessed a see-saw battle for 18 years reaches its climax today. The case against her is that she acquired wealth worth Rs. 66.65 crore during her stint as Chief Minister between 1991 and 1996, and that she was abetted in this by her aide Ms. Sasikala and two of her relatives, V.N. Sudhakaran (Ms. Jayalalithaa’s former foster son) and J. Ilavarasi. The defence has argued that there was no evidence to show that three of them were ‘benamis’ of Ms. Jayalalithaa and that all four have accounted for their assets through legitimate means.
Follow this space for live updates.

Microsoft Corp set to unveil new name  first look of  Windows 9E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

In US  PM Modi pays homage to 9/11 terror attack victimsPrint
Written by Ritu Sarin | New York | Posted: September 27, 2014 6:02 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 1:06 am
Sending the message that India and the United States are allies in their fight against terrorism, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday visited the 9/11 memorial and paid tribute to the 3,000 victims of the worst terrorist atrocity in America’s history.
Modi began  second day   of his packed   US visit  at Ground Zero in lower Manhattan, where the two towers of the World Trade Center were destroyed in 2001 and where the memorial was opened in May this year.
Dressed in sober white and grey, Modi placed five rose buds, one of them on slab number N-37, where the names of nine Indian victims are inscribed close together. In all, 40 Indians died at the site on September 11, 2001.
The PM also placed a wreath at another symbolic spot near the memorial — in front of a lush green pear tree called the “survivor”. Following the horrors of the 9/11 attack, the tree was charred and reduced to a stump but once the rubble and debris were removed, a single green leaf was found growing on it. The tree was magically nurtured back to good health and replanted at ground zero as a symbol of human will to survive and revive.
The PM’s visit to the memorial assumes added significance in the context of a push for greater India-US cooperation in the fight against global terrorism. America embassy officials had told The Indian Express on Friday that “terror” was high on the agenda for the summit talks between Modi and President Obama on Monday and Tuesday.
Earlier at the morning’s first official meeting with New York Mayor Bill de Blasio, issues related to large cities, especially common threats of terror, policing, public housing and crowd management in the events like “Kumbh Mela” were discussed.
“The PM wanted to understand what are the issues that he (de Blasio) faces, because he is keen on trying to rejuvenate our urban spaces,” External Affairs Ministry spokesman Syed Akbaruddin said. Discussions were focused on matters related to public housing, he said, adding that New York City is planning to build some half a million houses in 10 years.
The PM, he said, was also keen to understand the security steps taken by the city following 9/11. “There was a fairly detailed discussion on this. In this context they also discussed common threats faced by big cities in terms of terror threats,” he said.
 

BJP MLA who called for no Muslim men in Garba shares stage with nationalist MuslimsUsha Thakur, the BJP legislator from Indore.
Written by Milind Ghatwai | Indore | Posted: September 27, 2014 5:50 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 7:03 pm
Controversial BJP MLA Usha Thakur, whose first prescription to tackle ‘love jihad ‘ was denying entry to Muslim men in garba venues , sought to establish her secular credentials by sharing stage with members of Rashtrawadi Muslim Manch(RMM), an RSS-affiliated outfit, at a religious event organized on Saturday.
Thousands of women and girls attended the event organized by her organization Samagra Kranti Chetna Manch(SKCM) where they chanted Durga Saptashati and during the break young girls who are members of an akhara funded by her from her MLA fund demonstrated their skills in handling sword, banethi and patta.
Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan did not show up but state BJP chief Nandkumar Chouhan and other local BJP leaders and elected representatives attended the event. Thakur had called on Chouhan in Bhopal on Thursday with an invitation for the Saturday’s function. Ever since she began her campaign Chouhan has not reacted to the controversy while the state BJP chief had justified identity cards to tackle threats posed by organizations like the SIMI.
Scores of members of RSM sat on the stage and offered chunri to a portrait of Durga displayed on the huge pandal with an announcer comparing the gesture to the offering of chadar at Muslim shrines. While praising Thakur lavishly on Saturday, the state BJP Chief said that the highlight of the function was participation of nationalist Muslims. “All those who call India their mother are all nationalists,” he said.
In her speech, Thakur skipped the mention of ‘love jihad’ or participation of Muslims but it was there as the last point in the leaflets distributed to women and girls. In addition to Durga shlokas, the leaftlet had 10 points on how to maintain discipline, culture and decorum during navratri.
Asking women and girls to become durga reincarnate she spoke from the stage against low-waist ghagaras and backless cholis and puerile songs sung during the festival of nine nights. “you can’t invoke the goddess by singing and dancing to meaningless songs,’’ she said.
The MLA whose campaign has resulted other BJP MLAs making similar demands and saw display of posters asking non-Hindus not to participate in garba in Dhar town, about 75 kms from here, announced from the stage that girl volunteers will form tolis and move from one venue to another during navratri to ensure discipline was maintained. She did not elaborate what the volunteers will do. Several muslim women also accompanied the RMM
her aides, however, claimed her campaign saw organisers maintaining register at venues and videographing the event.
The legislator said the 10 points were arrived at after a brainstorming session of prominent citizens, doctors, advocates and others in indore last year. Glorifying Hinduism, she said it was based on science and did not involve any rituals.

Communal clashes in Vadodara; SMS  mobile data services suspendedShops remain closed in Hathikhana area in old city area a day after communal clashes were reported in Vadodara on Saturday. (Express Photo By Bhupendra Rana)
Express News Service | Vadodara | Posted: September 27, 2014 5:48 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 2:24 am
Uneasy calm prevailed over a large part of the old city area in Vadodara on Saturday after two consecutive days of communal clashes, with the government suspending mobile data, bulk SMSes as well as wireless Internet service except broadband service across the city as a preventive measure to stop the spread of rumours after consultation with city police.
The police attributed the two days of communal tensions to images and messages being spread on SMS, WhatsApp and Facebook.
“On Thursday and Friday, rumours were spread across the city with the use of mobile applications and SMSes which created panic and communal tension in sensitive areas, leading to clashes. Even though nothing major had happened, the entire city was under the impression that something major had taken place. The state home ministry took the decision to suspend SMSes and mobile internet service to prevent the spread of rumours,” police commissioner E Radhakrishnan said.
 
A notification issued by the police commissioner stated that all 2G, 3G Internet services (except landline broadband), and group SMSes and MMSes on mobile phones have been suspended till 10 am on September 30, and action will be taken on Internet and mobile service providing companies that violate this under section 188 of the IPC.
The mobile data services and SMSes of all telecommunications service providers were suspended by late morning. Officials said that the services will remain suspended till September 30, provided the normalcy returns, especially in old city areas that witnessed several communal clashes, including stone-pelting and burning of materials looted from the shops. Dozens of two-wheelers were also set on fire.
The clashes on Thursday were linked to photoshopped images of Hindu Goddess Maa Ambe and Lord Ram superimposed on the Muslim holy land of Mecca, which were spread across the city through WhatsApp. Police later arrested a youth, Sunil Raut, in this connection, following complaints from Muslim groups that alleged that the images hurt religious sentiments.
On Friday, gory images of persons belonging to a particular community being hacked to death were seen doing the rounds on social networking sites, with mobile phones playing a major role in their spread. This led to another flare-up in communal clashes.
Police carried out combing operations throughout Friday night and Saturday, but no arrests were made in connection with the riots on Friday. They said eight persons were arrested in connection with riots that broke out on Thursday.
Additional chief secretary (home) S K Nanda, during his visit to Vadodara on Friday, said that while no major incident had taken place, the police were taking every precautionary measure to bring back normalcy.

Oil India investing Rs 1 200 cr to revamp st...Oil India investing Rs1,200 crore to revamp pump stations in Assam
PTI Sep 27, 2014, 06.05PM IST
Tags:
Arunachal Pradesh
(Energy major Oil India said…)
GUWAHATI: Energy major Oil India today said it is investing Rs 1,200 crore to revamp the pump stations of pipelines for carrying crude to refineries in Assam.
Addressing the shareholders during the 55th Annual General Body Meeting at the company's Fields' Headquarters in Duliajan, OIL Chairman and Managing Director S K Srivastava said: "The pumping stations of the trunk pipeline have been operating for over five decades and a revamping of these pump stations is being undertaken at a cost of Rs 1,200 crore."
OIL operates a 1,157 km long crude oil trunk pipeline of 5.5 million tonnes per annum (MTPA) capacity for transporting crude oil produced at oilfields in Upper Assam to the public sector refineries at Numaligarh, Guwahati and Bongaigaon, the company said in a statement.
Srivastava also mentioned about OIL's contribution to both state and central exchequer in terms of cess, royalty, sales tax, etc.
"The contribution to the state exchequer during the year (2013-14) was Rs 1,786 crore and that to the Central government was Rs 4,154 crore," he added.
The turnover of the company stood at Rs 9,612.70 crore in FY'14 as against Rs 9,947.57 crore in the previous fiscal. The profit after tax was Rs 2,981.30 crore in last fiscal compared to Rs 3,589.34 crore during 2012-13.
During 2013-14, the company declared a dividend of 215 per cent, the statement said.
In 2013-14, OIL provided subsidy discounts to the tune of Rs 8,736.85 crore, which was an increase of 10.7 per cent compared to Rs 7,892.17 crore in 2012-13, to oil marketing companies to compensate their under recoveries in line with government policy.
Srivastava also said crude oil production and condensate (including JV Share) was 3.502 MT in FY'14 as against 3.701 MT in 2012-13, while natural gas production was 2,626 MMSCM, which was almost same as 2,639 MMSCM in FY'13.
He also informed that during last fiscal, OIL made a total of seven hydrocarbon discoveries, of which six were in Upper Assam basin and one was in overseas in Gabon in West Africa.
Speaking about OIL's natural gas production, Srivastava said the company achieved production of 2,626 MMSCM from Assam, Arunachal Pradesh and Rajasthan fields during the year.
"The present gas production potential is about 7.35 MMSCMD from Assam and Arunachal Pradesh fields and about 0.70 MMSCMD from the Rajasthan fields," he added.
Giving an overview of overseas activities of OIL, Srivastava said the portfolio comprises of 16 blocks and are spread over 10 countries - Libya, Gabon, Nigeria, Yemen, Venezuela, USA , Mozambique, Myanmar, Bangladesh and Russia.
In addition, OIL has 10 per cent interest in a product pipeline in Sudan, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Arvindji look at lactose it willbe ready for mindbogling return.haahaa...New Member
2 Followers
Arvind bhai i hav heard alot about your calls on mmb... And ur fans... Do u also give any paid services? If yes im intrested...
4.39 PM Sep 29th

Another point to revisit: senvion listing - price & conditions is an i...Platinum Member
47 Followers
BlackBlades...retail is around ~16% (Upto 1 Lakh) out of which the faint hearted and low volume one`s would be a pittance. I don`t think that would impact the price in such a way. Funny part of the group is, these guys are the ones who would be expecting it to go on UC forever and will never sell the moment it goes up. It is the same group which would lick wounds when it goes down even 50% from their avg price and still wouldn`t sell thinking the share would up in next quarter.
I only see panic buying by our fellow boarders...retail selling by fellow boarders is negligible....
BTW Navratra / Vijayadashmi wishes to all...with the blessings of God of knowledge guide us to get God of prosperity & God of health to settle down in homes permanently...

Ok sir. i will buy 1000 if available at monday.Silver Member
11 Followers
Good gesture. Kannan buy at least 1000 and do not sell before two to three years .you will be rewarded. If you buy big quantity then only I will advise that you can trade in between. But go long with dr datsons lab.
11.30 PM Sep 28th

Buy lactose india for jingalala return arvindji.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Reliance Jio raises 12 year loan of $750 mnReliance Jio raises 12 year loan of $750 mn
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 25, 2014  | 20:38 IST
Telecom arm of Reliance Industries Ltd, Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd (RJIL) has signed a $750 million loan backed by Korea Exim Bank to finance goods and services procured from Samsung Electronics for rolling out its infrastructure.
"This is the first loan between Reliance Group and Korea Exim Bank and has a door to door tenor of 12 years including a 2 year availability period and repayable over 10 years thereafter," Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd said in a statement.
This deal is notably Korea Exim Bank's largest telecom infrastructure financing till date, RJIL said, adding that it is also Korea Exim Bank's largest deal in India.
"The loan is guaranteed by RIL and will be primarily used to finance goods and services procured from Samsung Electronics for the infrastructure rollout of RJIL," the statement said.
Korea Exim Bank is funding $440 million of the loan as a direct funding and the balance $310 million is being funded under the K-Exim covered guarantee by 11 of Reliance's relationship banks.
The list of these banks include The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Ltd, Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd, Banco Santander, BNP Paribas, Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Commerzbank AG, ING Bank, JPMorgan Chase Bank, Mizuho Bank and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and a new relationship NongHyup Bank.
RJIL holds spectrum in 1800 MHz (across 14 circles) and 2300 MHz (across 22 circles) capable of offering 4G telecom services.
The company has plans to launch its telecom services in 2015 using both available 4G technology.

EXL corrects itself to tackle Travelers  exit last yearEXL corrects itself to tackle Travelers' exit last year
Sunny Sen        Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 20:37 IST
Picture for representation purpose .
Nasdaq-listed outsourcing firm EXL Services seems to have come a long way from the breach of confidentiality fiasco it faced last year. On November 1 last year, American insurance player Travelers Indemnity Company had scrapped its client relationship with the business process outsourcing firm on this issue. The Nasdaq-listed Travelers was contributing about 10 per cent to the overall revenue of EXL as on November 4 last year.  
While the immediate effect of this action was a 21 per cent fall in EXL share price, the larger consequences included doubts over the company's ability to protect customers' data.
As a first step towards course correction, EXL fired the three employees responsible for this fiasco. The employees, in a bid to showcase EXL's capability to its prospective client, had shared a process document externally with a third party from their private email account. Rohit Kapoor, Vice-Chairman and CEO, says there was no fraudulent intent and it was poor judgment on the part of the employees.*
On the revenue front, Kapoor says that it would take the company 18 months to cover the losses suffered from Travelers's exit. "We expect the Travelers' ramp down to be completed by the end of the first quarter of 2015. For the calendar year 2014, it will have an impact of $12 million to $20 million on the revenue," Kapoor said to Edward Caso, analyst of Wells Fargo, an equity research firm, during the 2014 second quarter earnings call. As on year-ended 2013, the EXL top line was $478.5 million.
Travelers initially did not want to terminate the contract as it was nearing renewal. Instead, it took advantage of the situation and pushed for a new contract with a new set of conditions. But it was not acceptable to EXL and so Travelers terminated the contract. EXL had to make public the loss of client in compliance with the SEC guidelines.
"So for us that was a very severe blow. In our business, client confidentiality - information security, managing and protecting our customers's data - is the life blood," says Kapoor.
It was the first instance of client loss due to breach of confidentiality for EXL. But EXL is not new to client loss in itself. In 2008, it lost the captive business of insurance major Aviva when it was contributing 20 per cent to the company's top line. This was followed by Dell's exit in 2005. In 2002, it lost the business of insurance company Conseco when it went bankrupt.  Conseco was then EXL's biggest client.
According to Sanchit Vir Gogia, chief analyst and co-founder of Greyhound Research, EXL has come out of disastrous situations many times. "For a BPO to lose its client because of confidentiality breach is near-death. But EXL has survived that. After Travelers's exit, it has only added clients," he says.
For Kapoor all that recovery was not an easy job. He first tried to fix the confidentiality breach issue by retrieving all the leaked Travelers-related documents from the company. EXL also got a confirmation in writing that the company with which it was shared has not misused the information. All copies of the shared documents were then destroyed. Kapoor then went on to start an internal review of all EXL's processes even as he had to find new clients to recoup from the revenue loss. "Once a large client moves out it leave a doubt in every client's mind. If you don't care its loss of reputation," says David Panna, Partner at Grant Thornton India.
At EXL, a team of senior leaders was formed. They visited each and every customer to reassure them about information security. Despite this, many clients advanced the audits. They sent full-fledged teams to EXL's offices to review controls, processes, technology and people. Town hall meetings were held by senior leaders and training on dos and don'ts were imparted. Currently access to personal mail accounts have been blocked barring some exceptions where the team might need access to public sites to serve the clients. "The minute anyone sends out (any information) the tool generates a report, and then we have got a team of people who will investigate that report," says Kapoor.
For training and to also define the standard at which the company will operate, EXL partnered with Everest, a research and advisory firm. Everest spent 12 weeks. The firm interacted with EXL's rivals, employees and clients to create the framework. But Kapoor now wants to publicise the framework so that the entire industry could benefit from it.
In the past five years, EXL has grown at a compounded annual growth rate of 25 per cent. This includes about a dozen acquisitions. Without Travelers and without acquisitions, Kapoor still expects EXL to grow at a minimum nine per cent to touch  $480 million to $500 million by 2014 end. Kapoor might have weathered confidentiality breach fiasco for once, but he might not be lucky if it happens again.
*The quote of Rohit Kapoor has been changed to reflect the correct version. 

In PMs absence  Rajnath takes chargePrint
Written by Vijaita Singh | New Delhi | Posted: September 27, 2014 1:11 am
Putting speculation about the number two position in the NDA government to rest, the Cabinet Secretariat issued a circular Friday, saying all “urgent business may be put up before the Union Home Minister for disposal” in absence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi who is on an official trip to the United States.
Sources said the “political crisis” in Maharashtra and the probability of President’s rule in the poll-bound state necessitated such a formal order issued on directions of the Prime Minister. Following the break-up of the Congress-NCP alliance in Maharashtra, Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan resigned Friday as the state government was reduced to a minority government.
Earlier, on two occasions, when Modi had been on official trips to Brazil and Japan, no such written order was issued giving rise to speculation who between Singh and Finance Minister Arun Jaitley was number 2 in the NDA regime. The fact that Singh has been the party president and that Jaitley is in hospital for post-operative care may have prompted the decision.
“Need to take certain important decisions pertaining to Maharashtra may arise in the absence of the PM and this is primarily the reason a formal order has been issued. Since the Home Minister is the senior most in the Cabinet, it was imperative that such an order be issued. Earlier there was a verbal communication in PM’s absence but no official letter. The government has still 19 days to go before the elections on October 15 and a decision will have to be taken regarding the mode of governance in the state,” said a senior government official.
The circular with the subject ‘Working arrangements for disposal of urgent business in absence of PM Modi’ reads: “The Prime Minister has directed that during the period of his absence on foreign tour from 25th september to 1st october, 2014, urgent business may be put up before the Union Home Minister for disposal.”
Apart from Singh, the copies of the circular has been marked to four Cabinet ministers — External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu and Minister of Road Transport and Rural Development Nitin Gadkari — besides principal secretary to the PM Nripendra Mishra.
After the NDA came to power, Singh who was still the party president and subsequently passed on the baton to Amit Shah, a Modi confidant. While Singh got the Home portfolio, Jaitley was given Finance and Defence. Singh, on the other hand, is the only other minister on the reconstituted Appointments Committee of the Cabinet apart from the Prime Minister.

Netaji galvanised Indians in Singapore to fight for freedomRai vividly assesses the impact of Bose and the INA and its women's wing, the Rani of Jhansi Regiment, on the Indian population.
Press Trust of India | Singapore | Posted: September 27, 2014 11:57 am | Updated: September 27, 2014 12:00 pm
The establishment of the Indian National Army (INA) and its women’s wing, as well as the arrival of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose galvanised the Indian community in Singapore to fight for India’s independence, a new research book says.
“The coming of Subhas Chandra Bose completely revolutionised…the whole movement because people had great confidence in him,” writes Rajesh Rai who authored the book “Indians in Singapore 1819-1945: Diaspora In The Colonial Port City”, which launched here yesterday.
Rai vividly assesses the impact of Bose and the INA and its women’s wing, the Rani of Jhansi Regiment, on the Indian population.
Notwithstanding the outcome of World War II, the developments in this period will forever be enshrined in Singapore’s history.
The independence movement was built with the establishment of Indian Independence League and the Singapore Indian Association (IA) among various other bodies which channeled the aspirations of the Indians in Singapore towards the independence fight, he notes in the 325-page book.
Rai also highlights that the Indians in Singapore had a share of the sufferings along with the Chinese and Eurasians during the four-year Japanese occupation of Singapore from 1942 to 1945.
For four years, the people of Singapore were witness to the barbaric cruelty of the Japanese, he notes in his book.
Rai, a grandson of an early migrant from UP to Singapore, points out that the Indians never had it “light” when it came to enduring the suffering during the Japanese occupation as has always been assumed.
Nearly 30,000 Indians died while building and maintaining the Thailand-Burma “Death” Railway.
More than 24,000 deployed on the feared project suffered from malnutrition and disease, says Dr Rai in the book.
The Indians were majority of the 78,000 civilians from Malaya and Singapore deployed on the rail project.
The worst was the killing of 50,000 Chinese in the infamous Sook Ching Massacre by the Japanese.
Rai also notes that about 200 Indian families were settled on Bintan, an Indonesian island closer to Singapore, where there was inadequate food, as well as water that was unsafe to drink.
He also highlights the prosperity of the Indians who migrated to Singapore.
B P de Silva, who sailed into Singapore in 1869 with precious gems, had a plantation on Singapore’s Pulau (island) Ubin, where he cultivated coffee, pepper, nutmeg, sugarcane and pineapple.
Rai, an assistant director at the Institute of South Asian Studies in the National University of Singapore, searched archives, newspapers and oral records for the book, which was launched by Ambassador K Kesavapany, president of the IA.

Defence  science and technology to lead India-US partnership | Coverageatomic
(Both the countries are expected…)
The spectacular success of the incredibly frugal Mars Orbiter Mission that put India straight into an elite club and opened up an array of business opportunities has created the right atmospherics for Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the US during which he would engage with the civil society, policy makers and the business community. And in almost all of these, one subject that would be the talking point would be technology.
Both the countries are expected to ink an agreement on launching a joint radar satellite mission among other initiatives related to energy, manufacturing, health and education, opening up new opportunities for partnership.
The tech-savvy prime minister himself set the tone ahead of his interactions, saying the US "continues to inspire India" in education and innovation, and he strongly believes in the possibilities of technology to transform governance and empower people in India.
And the reasons are not far to seek. The world has been going though the "Third Wave" of industrial revolution, a radical shift to a knowledge-based society in which revolutionary technologies in several fields are creating newer production techniques and products. Economies around the world are being structured around the computer and other high-tech industries.
Also, the growth of the high-tech industries has demolished the old assumption that comparative advantage is a gift of nature which cannot be changed by government policies. The experience of the US defence-related industries, Japan and South Korea have shown that in many sectors comparative advantage to a considerable degree is a product of deliberate policy choices by national governments. And the fact that comparative advantage at least to some extent and under certain conditions can be created has encouraged governments to intervene in the market and pursue sector specific policies.
At the same time, international competition in technology is intensifying. The outcome of this competition is going to determine which countries would be dominant global players in the years ahead. It is in this context that transfer of technology as well as exchange of it among nations have become an instruments of foreign policy.
For India, technology would play a critical role in shaping its power hard and soft. The significance of the bilateral exchange this week has to be seen in this strategic context.
Modi came to power on agenda of development, for which technology, investment and market are essential. His 'Make in India' initiative also aims at identifying select domestic companies having leadership in innovation and new technology and turning them into global champions.
And there is a new synergy in perception, a convergence of interests of the two sides that has been discerned in recent months. For India, the US, the world's largest and its biggest innovation economy, remains the prime source of all the three ingredients for economic success. The Americans believe that India can achieve rapid growth through innovation if it opens up its economy to foreign technologies. State Department point-person Nisha Desai Biswal says that the US has "cutting-edge" technology to offer.
Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel, who last month visited India for preparatory talks for the visit, said both countries are working together to advance the joint cooperative science and technology priorities, that includes areas "ranging from big data to cognitive sciences to chemical and biological defence, and material sciences".
Both India and the US believe that science, technology, and innovation are key tools that will help address global challenges such as climate change, pandemics, food, water and energy security. Both countries are building public-private partnerships that promote science and technology-based innovation and entrepreneurship.
Among the new initiative is a Memorandum of Understanding on Environmental and Occupational Health, the US Department of Health and Human Services and India's Ministry of Health and Family Welfare are finalizing. The MOU would develop further cooperation in research, education and training, and capacity-building in a number of focus areas, including public health aspects of household and ambient air pollution, water quality and access, exposures to hazardous substances and strengthening of laboratory capacity.
Both countries are also working toward signing two project annexes under a US Department of Energy and India's Department of Atomic Energy (DAE) agreement on high-energy physics cooperation. The project annexes aim to facilitate and promote cooperation on Accelerator Research and Development and related sciences to further understanding of fundamental physics.
NASA and ISRO are also planning future missions to moon and other destinations.
The prime minister's talks are taking place just a month ahead of the India-US Technology Summit in New Delhi under the theme "Tackling 21st Century Challenges Together". The summit Nov 18-19 will include participation from several companies, academic institutions, and scientists, and will help build productive partnerships in joint research and development, technology commercialization, and joint business ventures designed to promote trade and investment between the two countries.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Activist investor urges Yahoo-AOL tie-up; says it could lead to  $1 bn of synergiesIn a letter to Yahoo Chief Executive Marissa Mayer, Starboard said it was looking forward to "engaging directly" with Yahoo to discuss how its plan could be implemented in a timely manner.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: An activist investment firm has urged Yahoo to explore a tie-up with online rival AOL, saying such a deal could help the struggling Internet pioneer "unlock" value for shareholders.
Starboard Value LP, which said it had acquired a "significant" ownership interest in the company, said in an open later to Yahoo chief Marissa Mayer that bringing together the two early Internet giants could lead to "up to $1 billion of synergies" and lift the value of Yahoo as it divests a large portion of its stake in Chinese online group Alibaba.
Silicon Valley-based Yahoo acknowledged it received the letter from Starboard and said that it intends to act in best interests of the company.
"We have maintained, and will continue to maintain, an open dialogue with all of our shareholders," Mayer said in a released statement.
"As part of our regular evaluation of Yahoo's strategic initiatives to drive sustainable shareholder value, we will review Starboard's letter carefully and look forward to discussing it with them."
Starboard's move comes amid intense scrutiny over Yahoo, which like AOL is pushing heavily in digital media as part of reorganization efforts.
Starboard said that the value of Yahoo's core business as measured by its share price is virtually nil, when excluding the valuation of its holdings in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan.
Starboard's analysis said Yahoo's Alibaba stake is worth $34 billion and its holdings in Yahoo Japan valued at $7.8 billion.
With Yahoo's $8.6 billion cash stockpile, its enterprise value should be worth roughly $50 billion, but its market capitalization determined by its share price is just $39 billion, according to Starboard, leaving an $11 billion "valuation gap."
The investment firm said the reason for the gap is that Yahoo has poorly managed both its asset sales and investments, by pursuing a strategy of buying up startups "at massive valuations with seemingly little to no regard for profitability and return on capital."
The most prominent investment by Yahoo was its $1.1 billion deal for the blogging platform Tumblr, which aims at reaching a younger audience.
Starboard said Yahoo should end its "aggressive acquisition strategy" which has spent some $1.3 billion, cut costs and find ways to get value from its overseas holdings with minimal tax consequences.
And it said a tie-up with AOL would be logical because the two firms have a lot of overlap in areas such as online media and advertising.
"Based on our analysis, we believe that a combination of Yahoo and AOL could offer synergies of up to $1 billion by significantly reducing the cost overlaps in their display advertising businesses as well as synergies in corporate overhead," the letter said.
"Importantly, we believe the combined entity would be able to more successfully navigate the ongoing industry changes, such as the growth of programmatic advertising and migration to mobile."
Yahoo shares rose 4.4 percent on the news to close at $40.66. It is not the first time Yahoo has faced pressure from shareholders. In 2012, a hedge fund pressed for the ouster of then-chief executive Scott Thompson. And prior to that, billionaire Carl Icahn pressed for a shakeup after Yahoo rejected a takeover bid from Microsoft.
Starboard in 2012 urged changes at AOL, saying the company "remains closed-minded to alternative value creation initiatives."
AOL, formerly known as America Online, has been struggling since the collapse of its leadership as an Internet subscription service, and has been seeking to become a more diversified Web firm. It was spun off from Time Warner in 2009, undoing an unsuccessful 2001 merger.

Nepal Prime Minister backs Indias bid for permanent Security Council seatUnited Nations, September 27, 2014
Updated: September 27, 2014 11:15 IST
Nepal Prime Minister backs India’s bid for permanent Security Council seat
IANS
AP Nepal Prime Minister Sushil Koirala addresses the 69th session of the United Nations General Assembly at U.N. headquarters on Friday.
TOPICS
international relations
Nepal gave its backing on Friday for India’s bid for a permanent seat on the U.N. Security Council, saying it was needed to reflect the changed times and make it more efective.
Nepal Prime Minister Sushil Koirala told the U.N. General Assembly on Friday that the U.N., including the Security Council, need to be reformed “to reflect contemporary realities for making it more effective, representative, responsive and capable of handling the increasingly complex global problems”.
He said Nepal was for expanding both permanent and non-permanent categories of Security Council membership and supported India, Japan, Germany and Brazil being given permanent seats. He added a pitch for the African continent and member states that contributed to international peace and security getting Security Council seats.
Mr. Koirala is scheduled to meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday morning.
Proposals to expand the Security Council, which now has five permanent members and ten elected to two-year terms, have been around since 2000, but have hit a stalemate in the General Assembly.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj and the foreign ministers of Brazil, Germany and Japan met earlier this week to recharge their campaign for permanent seats on the Council.
Mr. Koirala spoke of the “profound changes in the dispersal of geopolitical and economic power among nations” and said Nepal could benefit from the economic growth of India and China. “Peace, stability, and democracy in Nepal would pave its way for reaping the benefits from economic dynamism in the neighbourhood in recent years,” he said.

The man and his goddessUpdated: September 26, 2014 18:04 IST
The man and his goddess
PARSHATHY J. NATH
Pintu Paul at work Photo: S. Siva Saravanan
The Durga idol Photo: S. Siva Saravanan
TOPICS
Coimbatore
Pintu Paul returns to Coimbatore every year bearing clay from the Ganges that he shapes in to Durga and a pantheon of other gods
The 100-foot tall Durga surveys Pintu Paul, the 32-year-old Bengali idol maker. Pintu stares back into her eyes. Picking up a brush dipped in black paint he climbs onto a stool. Pintu draws himself up near the goddess’ face and begins to draw the outline for her eyes. For Bengalis, the eyes must be shaped like their beloved vegetable, the Parwal.
“This is the most difficult part,” says Pintu. “When you work on the eyes, your thoughts must not meander and your fingers must not shiver. Your mind should be on the eyes of the Durga.” Next to Pintu, Bikas Shaw, his friend, sculpts a Ganesha while his young nephew Bikas Paul works on a Karthik figurine. All these idols, dressed in lustrous attires will be displayed for the durga pooja celebrations, organised by the Bengali Association at the SNV Kalyana Mandapam, Ram Nagar, next week. Subrato Majumdher, the secretary of the association says that this is an occasion for the Bengalis in the city to bond and celebrate their culture. “Coimbatore has a strong Bengali community. Our association itself consists of 64 families. We have been calling these artisans for the past 12 years. We cannot do without the Bengali craftsmen as the local artisans cannot recreate the traditional flavour.”
A cotton yarn factory in the city has for the time being transformed into a workshop for Pintu and his team. Like always, Pintu has brought the clay to model Durga from the banks of the Ganges. “We cannot make our Mataji with any thing else. Ganga’s clay is soft and just right. You won’t get the right finish if you use other types of mud,” says Pintu.
Pintu has been following the footsteps of his father Keshab Chandra Paul who also used to come to Coimbatore to make Durga idols. “I came to the city with my father in 1998. There were not many Bengalis in the city then. We got few orders.” But now that’s changed, says Pintu. “I get orders from Annur, Karoor and Trichy. I make at least 200 idols. I also make idols for the Marwari and Bengali temples. Also, since Coimbatore has many Bengali goldsmiths, they also ask me to make Vishwakarma idols.”
In striking contrast to the peaceful Durga, stands a line of blue Kali idols in another corner of the mill. These goddesses, with their tongues sticking out, look ferocious. “These are for the Kali pooja. The krodh bhav must be pronounced,” says Pintu. Pintu has been crafting idols, since the age of 12. “Before I begin, I meditate for a while and then the goddess appears in my mind. I do not need a pen and paper.”
He prepares the colours, himself, using vegetables and other natural ingredients so that the immersion does not cause pollution to the water bodies. Yellow is the traditional colour for the Durga idol. Even though they create the same durga sculpture every year and stick to the traditional style, the artist can use creative liberty while sculpting other characters such as the asura, the buffalo and the snake, explains Pintu. “For instance, instead of one snake I can sculpt two. I have also tried to experiment with the sculpture of the buffalo. In one of them, I replaced the buffalo’s face with that of a demon, to represent the evil spirit.” Once the sculpture is ready, varnish is applied to make it appear glossy. And Durga is decked with ornaments and draped in the traditional Bengali red sari. “On Mahadashami, married women pray for the long lives of their husbands. After that, the idol will be carried away for immersion,” says Pintu.
As the city bids farewell to Durga Devi, Pintu bids farewell to the city . But he promises to be back next year. He says, “I like Coimbatore, its people and culture. If given a choice I would stay on. This city helps me make a living. This is my motherland.”

AirAsia to operate flight from MumbaiAirAsia to operate flight from Mumbai
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 25:  
No-frills airline AirAsia India plans to introduce a flight from Mumbai, according to AirAsia group chief executive Tony Fernandes.
“In Incredible India....Bombay (Mumbai) is changing by the day ....AIRASIA India will be starting in this metro soon. We are coming,” Fernandes said on Twitter.
The airline, which launched air services in June, currently operates flights to Goa, Chennai, Kochi, Jaipur and Chandigarh from its hub Bangalore.
The airline recently announced a discounted ticket scheme, offering flyers an all inclusive one-way ticket price of Rs 690 from Bangalore to Chennai, Kochi, Goa; and Rs 2,390 from Bangalore to Jaipur and Chandigarh.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Modi asked to resist US pressure on IP and pharma sectorOct 01, 2014 at  04:10pm IST
Modi asked to resist US pressure on IP and pharma sector
8
1
New York: An international medical agency on Friday asked Prime Minister Narendra Modi to resist US pressure to drop the use of public health safeguards in its intellectual property laws, which it said has enabled India to become the 'pharmacy of the developing world'.
"India's production of affordable medicines is a vital life-line for MSF's medical humanitarian operations and millions of people in developing countries," said Rohit Malpani, director of Policy and Analysis for Medecins Sans Frontieres' (Doctors Without Borders) Access Campaign.
"India's patent laws and policies have fostered robust generic competition over the past decade, which has brought the price of medicines down substantially - in the case of HIV, by more than 90 per cent. The world can't afford to see India's pharmacy shut down by US commercial interests," he said.
MSF in its statement urged Modi to continue India's leadership in global health.
#modi #narendra modi #pharma sector #us
India supplies affordable generic medicines to people and governments worldwide, including to MSF's medical humanitarian projects, which are present in more than 60 countries, MSF said in a statement hours before the Prime Minister was to land in New York on his maiden US visit.
The US on behalf of its pharmaceutical industry has recently stepped up pressure on India, with the US International Trade Commission (USITC) initiating a fact-finding investigation this year on India's intellectual property regime, which is seen to be undermining the interests of US companies, it said.
In addition, the US Trade Representative (USTR) once again placed India on the Priority Watch List in its Special 301 Report and announced an out-of-cycle review of India's intellectual property regime, which signals the threat of sanctions against India, the statement said.
One key target of US pressure is India's patent law that makes it tougher to get secondary patents on existing medicines, which in turn facilitates the introduction of generic competition.
Another point of contention is the use of compulsory licenses, a legal measure, used once by India so far, that jumpstarts generic production when patented life-saving medicines are priced out of the reach of patients, MSF said.
According to MSF, India's laws were changed in 2005 to comply with the World Trade Organisation's mandate for pharmaceutical patenting, and remain in line with international trade and intellectual property rules.
The USTR has already held several high-level meetings with the Indian government around its intellectual property policies, and it is expected that Modi's visit will intensify dialogue on India's approach to pharmaceutical patents and use of public health safeguards.
MSF in its statement urged Modi to continue India's leadership in global health, and stand firm in protecting public health in the face of mounting US pressure.

Jayalalithaa guilty in DA case | How it all began | Legal wranglesYou are here: Home > Collections
Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa found guilty in disproportionate assets case
ET Bureau Sep 28, 2014, 01.22AM IST
Tags:
DMK Leader
(Special Judge John Michael D'Cunha convicted…)
BANGALORE: It was initially seen as a political master-stroke, when J Jayalalithaa announced that she was going to take a salary of just Rs 1 when she became the chief minister (CM) for her first term in 1991. That came back to bite her later. DMK's M Karunanidhi, the man who succeeded her as CM in 1996, only had to do a simple calculation. A monthly salary of Rs 1 would only amount to Rs 60 in five years, so where did Jayalalithaa's assets to the tune of Rs 66 crore come from?
Also, Karunanidhi questioned how Jayalalithaa got the money to host an extravagant wedding in 1995 for her then foster son Sudhakaran, the nephew of her confidante Sasikala . The case was originally filed by the Department of Vigilance and Anti Corruption. The Income-Tax Department joined in around the same time, raiding her residences in Poes Garden, Chennai and Hyderabad. The final figure worked out to over Rs 66 crore. Documents showing properties worth Rs 58 crore, 30 kg of gold, including 400 pairs of bangles, 500 kg of silver, 10,000
sarees, 750 pairs of footwear and over 100 wrist watches were seized by the authorities.
Jayalalithaa's defence has been that the assets were gifts given to her by film directors during her stardom.
In 2003, the case was transferred to a Bangalore special court when Jayalalithaa came back to power for her second term in 2001, over fears expressed by the DMK that she would try to tamper with witnesses. The DMK's general secretary K Anbazhagan impleaded himself as a petitioner in the case and became the driving force behind the case. Seven judges, three public prosecutors and 25 petitions in the Supreme Court and over 130 adjournments later, the DA case verdict was finally pronounced on Saturday in a makeshift court in Bangalore. — Our Bureau/ Bangalore
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa s legal wranglesSep 27, 2014 at 03:57pm IST
Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa's legal wrangles
5
0
Chennai: Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa, convicted on Saturday by a Bangalore special court in a disproportionate assets case, had fought more than a dozen cases and was acquitted in most of them.
On September 21, 2001, Jayalalithaa had to step down as Chief Minister following a Supreme Court verdict which struck down her appointment by the then Governor M Fathima Beevi as she then faced conviction in the TANSI land deal case.
The conviction attracted provisions of the Representation of the People Act which disqualified her from contesting elections.
Of the 14 cases filed against her during the DMK's 1996-2001 regime, Jayalalithaa was acquitted in several of them like the TANSI case.
#j jayalalthaa #tamil nadu #disproportionate assets case #tansi land deal case
The sentencing in the TANSI land deal case by a Chennai special court on October 9, 2000 barred her from contesting election in 2001 though she was later acquitted by the Madras High Court, a verdict upheld by the Supereme Court in November 2003.
The Chennai Special court had sentenced Jayalalithaa and her aide Sasikalaa to three years imprisonment in Jaya Publications case and two years in Sasi Enterprises case both linked to the TANSI land deal.
Subsequently, when she filed papers to contest from four constituencies including Andipatti in the 2001 Assembly polls all of them were rejected.
The rejections were used effectively by the AIADMK during the poll campaign, and the party returned to power winning 132 of the 140 seats it contested.
Later, when she was appointed Chief Minister on May 14, 2001 by then Governor Fathima Beevi, the issue went to the Supreme Court and she had to step down.
Of the 14 cases filed against her during the DMK's 1996-2001 regime, AIADMK chief Jayalalithaa was acquitted in several of them like the TANSI case.
In the Pleasant stay hotel case, she was acquitted by the Madras High Court on December 4, 2001.
The case was linked to alleged clearance by Jayalalitha for the construction of a hotel in ecologically important Kodaikanal by flouting government rules.
A special court had convicted her on February 2, 2000 and sentenced her to two separate one-year imprisonments running concurrently in the case.
She was also acquitted in the colour TV case. Interestingly, she was arrested based in this case after she lost power in 1996.
On May 30, 2000, a special court acquitted her and the Madras High Court dismissed an appeal and upheld the acquittal on August 21, 2009.
In the Rs 28.28 crore Spic disinvestment case, she was acquitted on January 23, 2004 by a special court.
In the Coal import deal case, she was dishcarged by a special court in 1999 which was upheld by Madras High Court.
On appeal, the Supreme Court rejected her discharge and ordered a retrial. On December 27, 2001, a special court acquitted her again.
While the London hotels case was withdrawn with Supreme Court nod, the proceedings were quashed in the US $300,000 gift case by the Madras High Court on September 30, 2011. Later, the CBI filed an appeal in the Supreme Court.
In the Income tax returns (non-compliance) cases, proceedings are still on at the Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate Court (Economic Offences) in Chennai and a compounding petition was filed by Jayalalithaa and her aide Sasikala which is pending with tax authorities.
1

Overseas borrowing costs may fall further after Standard and Poor s raises India outlookThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

BJP rules out post-poll pact with NCP in MaharashtraBJP rules out post-poll pact with NCP in Maharashtra
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 26:  
A day after ending its 25—year—old alliance with Shiv Sena, BJP today ruled out a post—poll tie—up with the Sharad Pawar—led NCP after the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly elections.
“The question doesn’t arise,” BJP general secretary and in charge of the party in Maharashtra Rajiv Pratap Rudy told NDTV.
“Why should there be a future alliance? I can tell you with certainty that we are going it alone. They (Congress and NCP) are going to be non—existent in the state after elections,” he said.
The former Union Minister said, “This is an insensible logic and a reckless argument that BJP will go with NCP after polls. Both Congress and NCP are equally to blame for the mess in Maharashtra.”
Asked if Narendra Modi will play a key role in the BJP’s campaign in Maharashtra, Rudy said the Prime Minister is “most likely to be with us (for the campaign) after October 3.”
The leadership in Maharashtra has requested the Prime Minister to be present and give his valuable time, he said.
“He is the PM who has proved his position and has been elected. He is the face of India across the world,” Rudy said.
On curtains coming down on the Shiv Sena—BJP alliance, he said, “It was heart—rending to part ways with Sena.”
BJP’s central leadership had left the decision on the alliance to the state unit, he said.
Maharashtra will witness a five—cornered contest, the BJP leader said.
Asked if he favoured the President’s rule in Maharashtra after NCP pulled out of the government, Rudy said, “Normally, this (President’s rule) is a natural consequence if a government has lost its majority and the chief minister quits, but I am not the right person or the authority to decide it.”
(This article was published on September 26, 2014)
Related

Modi to address world leaders at UNGA today  fans at Madison Square Garden tomorrowOct 01, 2014 at  04:07pm IST
Modi addressed world leaders at UNGA on Saturday, fans at Madison Square Garden on Sunday
0
0
New York: On his 5-day trip to New York, his first since taking charge as Prime Minister, Narendra Modi is expected to make his first address to the United Nations General Assembly today.
His packed schedule includes 35 meetings - he will be meeting US President Barack Obama, leading industrialists and other prominent members of the Indian American community.
The Prime Minister has already met the mayor of New York city earlier this morning, followed by a visit to the United States National Cancer Institute.
Before addressing world leaders  at the UNGA, PM Modi will also be paying his respects at the 9/11 Memorial. He will also conduct bilateral meetings with the leaders of Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Nepal.
On Sunday, Modi will address prominent Indian-Americans at the famous Madison Square Garden in New York.
Ahead of his Madison Square Garden address, fans congregated at the spot, cheering for Modi, some claiming that they had been waiting for him ever since he was denied a visa. Organisers also claimed that even though 40,000 people had applied to attend Modi's address, tickets could only be given to 18,000.
The Prime Minister Narendra Modi is currently staying at the iconic New York Palace Hotel. Modi's day is going to start with a trip to the museum that has been built on the 9/11 site here- a museum that was built in the memory of all those who had died when the 9/11 terrorist strikes had taken place here.
Also when Modi starts addressing the UN General Assembly session, he is bound to talk about the security scenario which prevails globally. US President Barack Obama already said that the biggest threat to the international community is from the problem of Islamist extremism.
Narendra Modi's speech is therefore, going to be looked at very carefully by all world leaders both on the security front as well as the economic front.
The other important aspect of this meeting is the business of economics. On this trip Narendra Modi is going to try hard to sell the India story. Prominent American businessmen and industrialists opine that India is high on hope. India has assured a lot in the past but has never delivered. What is left to be seen is whether, Narendra Modi can do that since he is trying to position himself as the chief executive officer on this trip.

Jayalalithaas conviction a rude shock for partymenJayalalithaa’s conviction a rude shock for partymen
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Sept 27:  
The conviction of AIADMK supremo and Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa in the 18 year-old disproportionate assets case has come as a rude shock to the ruling party, casting a doubt over the 66 year-old leader’s political future ahead of the 2016 assembly polls.
Jayalalithaa has earned the dubious distinction of becoming the first sitting Chief Minister in the country to be found guilty under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act and faces the prospects of being disqualified as MLA and losing power.
While a pall of gloom descended at the AIADMK headquarters at Royapettah, with some angry workers burning effigies of DMK leaders, the archrivals celebrated Jayalalitha’s conviction with scores of DMK workers thronging the headquarters Arivalayam as well as Karunanidhi’s residence.
The special court’s verdict pronouncing their leader ’Amma’ (Mother, as she is addressed by supporters) guilty crushed the die-hard AIADMK supporters’ hope of her emerging unscathed in this case that was hanging over her head like the Damocles sword.
She had to step down as Chief Minister in 2001 when Supreme Court observed that she cannot hold office, as she was earlier sentenced in two corruption cases in 2000, which, however, was set aside later.
Today’s verdict has come as a jolt to the ruling AIADMK as it had been enjoying a winning spree in all elections held since April 2011, when the party trounced DMK.
The party had put up a stellar performance in the Lok Sabha polls this year, winning 37 of the 39 states in the state, though its hopes of a pivot role in the Centre failed with the BJP mustering majority on its own.
However, there is no threat to the party government as AIADMK has a solid majority of 150 seats in the 234-member Assembly.
She had been acquitted in several other cases filed during the DMK regime.
After the apex court’s observation in 2001 that she cannot continue in office, Jayalalithaa had made her loyal aide and then not-so-known face O Panneerselvam as her successor to power.
After getting absolved of the charges in the Madras High Court, she had contested from Andipatti constituency and became the Chief Minister again in 2002.
Panneerselvam is also one of the names presently doing the rounds in AIADMK circles as one of the probables to take over as the next Chief Minister if Jayalalithaa has to resign.
The others being Transport Minister V Senthil Balaji and Electricity Minister Natham R Viswanathan and even former Chief Secretary and Consultant to the state government, Sheela Balakrishnan.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

Shops down shutters in CoimbatoreShops down shutters in Coimbatore
R Yegya Narayanan
Tweet
An AIADMK party worker cry during a road blockade on Avinashi Road in Coimbatore, Tamilnadu, on Saturday soon after the Bangalore special court convicted their party leader and Chief Minister Jayalalithaa. Photo: M.Periasamy.
Police personnel whisking away an AIADMK worker who attempted self-immolation in Coimbatore, Tamilnadu, on Saturday soon after the Bangalore special court convicted their party leader and Chief Minister Jayalalithaa. Photo: M.Periasamy.
Coimbatore, Sept 27:  
Panic stricken shop owners are downing shutters in key commercial areas like Gandhipuram in Coimbatore after it was announced that the Special Court in Bengaluru has found the Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa guilty in the Disproportionate asset case.
This correspondent, who was on the Cross Cut road in Gandhipuram, one of the busiest commercial centres in Coimbatore, witnessed around 3 pm a flurry of shop closures in the area, though the quantum of punishment was yet to be known then. A police patrol vehicle went by, asking the people standing on the platforms on either side of the road to keep moving and not to congregate.
A large number of women employees working in these shops were seen scurrying to get into public transport vehicles or personal vehicles to rush back to their homes as the shops downed shutters. As the news about the conviction of the Chief Minister was already known and only the quantum of punishment yet to be announced at that time, the people were aware of the developing situation and did not want to take chances.
The public transport vehicles were seen plying in the Gandhipuram area, which has both the Central bus stand as well as the town bus terminus, in Coimbatore.
AIADMK cadres had gathered near the Anna Statue on Avinashi road, near their party office and blocked traffic.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

J Jayalalithaa first Chief Minister to face disqualificationSep 27, 2014 at 03:42pm IST
J Jayalalithaa first Chief Minister to face disqualification
16
0
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa on Saturday became the third leading politician and the first sitting chief minister to face disqualification as a legislator after being convicted in a disproportionate assets case.
A trial court in Bangalore on Saturday convicted her in a disproportionate assets case filed by the former DMK government in 1996.
Rashtriya Janata Dal chief Lalu Prasad was disqualified from his seat in the Lok Sabha and Congress leader Rasheed Masood from the Rajya Sabha in the wake of the July 2013 judgment of the Supreme court that denied the three-month breathing period to MPs and MLAs for moving a higher court against their conviction.
Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa became the third leading politician and the first sitting CM to face disqualification.
#j jayalalitha #da case #disqualification #lalu prasad
The elected representatives, both in the parliament and the state assemblies, lost the shield of three months to appeal against their conviction after sub-section 4 of section 8 of the Representation of People Act, 1951 was declared ultra vires by the apex court.
Masood was convicted last year of diverting nine seats of the undergraduate medical course reserved for Tripura while Lalu Prasad was convicted in the fodder scam case last year.
311

Samsung to launch Galaxy Note 4 in India in ...Samsung to launch Galaxy Note 4 in India in 2 weeks
By Gulveen Aulakh , ET Bureau | 27 Sep, 2014, 06.50PM IST
A senior executive told ET that Samsung is expecting overall sales to rise in the three month period beginning October to December.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Samsung will launch the Galaxy Note 4 phablet in India within the next two weeks as the phone maker prepares to cash in on buyer interest leading to the festive season of Diwali.
A senior executive told ET that Samsung is expecting overall sales to rise in the three month period beginning October to December, with new announcements and launches during the quarter.
"The Note 4 will be launched before Diwali," said Samsung India VP for mobile & IT Asim Warsi. He was speaking at the launch of the 4.7-inch Galaxy Alpha smartphone priced at Rs 39,990, on Saturday.
"For most of our flagship devices, we will follow the global pricing," he said when asked whether the Note 4 would be priced at a premium. Pre-orders for the 5.7-inch Galaxy Note 4 priced at $920 began in South Korea and China early this week.
Warsi added that there will be a series of new launches other than Alpha, which will be priced across the spectrum, targeted at a large number of consumers. "We will keep working with banks and come out with compelling products from a financial affordability standpoint."
Samsung is expecting large sales from the Alpha, which will be available in retail markets from the first week of October, which has a HD super AMOLED screen, octa core processor, 2GB RAM, running on Android 4.4 KitKat operating system, 12MP rear camera, 2.1MP front-facing camera compatible with both bands LTE bands of 1800 Mhz and 2300 Mhz.
Warsi said that Samsung has been working with Bharti Airtel and Reliance Jio Infocomm , which is expected to launch its high speed 4G wireless internet services next year.
Samsung has tied up with Airtel, where buyers of the Alpha in 4G circles will get 5GB of free data for two months and Airtel users in 3G circles will get 2GB of free data for two months.
He added that the company will come out with a slew of LTE devices priced above and below Rs 39,990, giving a fillip to the LTE ecosystem.

Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa jailed for 4 years  barred from fighting elections for 10 yearsSep 27, 2014 at  08:09pm IST
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa jailed for 4 years, barred from fighting elections for 10 years
27
13
Bangalore: Dealing a fatal blow to the political career of All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) supremo and Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa, a Bangalore court on Saturday sentenced her to four years in jail and also slapped a fine of Rs 100 crore on her in a disproportionate assets case under the Prevention of Corruption Act.
With the conviction and sentencing in the case, Jayalalithaa has also been disqualified as an elected representative and ceases to be a member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly. She has been arrested and lodged in Bangalore Central Jail and will also have to step down as Tamil Nadu Chief Minister.
#disproportionate assets case #jayalalithaa #tamil nadu #aiadmk
She has been convicted in the case along with her close aide Sasikala and her relative Ilavarasi. Her disowned foster son Sudhakaran has also been found guilty.
The others convicts have also been given a jail term of four years and along with a fine of Rs 10 crore each.
Special Judge John Michael D'Cunha convicted the 66-year-old AIADMK chief in a case of owning assets to the tune Rs 66,65 crores disproportionate to her known sources of income during 1991-96 when she was chief minister for the first time.
The prolonged trial saw five judges - AS Pachapure, AT Munoli, BM Mallikarjunaiah, MS Balakrishna and John Michael D'Cunha. The case was transferred to Bangalore's Special Court in 2003 by the Supreme Court on a petition filed by DMK leader K Anbazhagan who had expressed doubts over conduct of fair trial with Jayalalithaa as Chief Minister.
Appearing before the court four times, Jayalalithaa has answered 1,339 questions in closed door hearings during which she has maintained that the case was "politically motivated" and "fabricated" at the instance of her rival DMK.
Controversy also swirled around the case after Karnataka Advocate General BV Acharya quit as Special Public Prosecutor and Bhavani Singh came in his place. Questions were raised in the Supreme Court over appointment of Singh also. The case was filed by Subramanian Swamy in 1996. She was arrested and jailed for some days after DMK came to power in the 1996 Tamil Nadu Assembly polls.
Several cases of violence have been reported from several parts of Tamil Nadu including Chennai and Madurai after the verdict against Jayalalithaa. AIADMK supporters indulged in stone pelting and arson and also forced closure of shops in many areas.
According to police, a state-owned transport corporation bus was set on fire at Veppur village and nearly 20 buses were damaged in stone-pelting in Cuddalore district.
Ahead of the verdict, the area around the court was turned into a fortress as the platoons of Karnataka State Reserve Police, the city Armed Reserve and the Rapid Action Force were deployed, besides hundreds of police personnel, including those in plain clothes.
Her conviction has come as a rude shock to the ruling party, casting a doubt over the 66 year-old leader's political future ahead of the 2016 assembly polls. Jayalalithaa has earned the dubious distinction of becoming the first sitting Chief Minister in the country to be found guilty under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
While a pall of gloom descended at the AIADMK headquarters at Royapettah, the archrivals celebrated Jayalalitha's conviction with scores of DMK workers thronging the headquarters Arivalayam as well as Karunanidhi's residence.
Jayalalithaa, in the past, had to step down as Chief Minister in 2001 when Supreme Court observed that she cannot hold office, as she was earlier sentenced in two corruption cases in 2000, which, however, was set aside later. She had been acquitted in several other cases filed during the DMK regime.
Today's verdict has come as a jolt to the ruling AIADMK as it had been enjoying a winning spree in all elections held since April 2011, when the party trounced DMK. The party had put up a stellar performance in the 2014 Lok Sabha polls winning 37 of the 39 states in the state, though its hopes of a pivot role in the Centre failed with the BJP mustering majority on its own.
However, there is no threat to the party government as AIADMK has a solid majority of 150 seats in the 234-member Assembly. After the apex court's observation in 2001 that she cannot continue in office, Jayalalithaa had made her loyal aide and then not-so-known face O Panneerselvam as her successor to power.
After getting absolved of the charges in the Madras High Court, she had contested from Andipatti constituency and became the Chief Minister again in 2002. Panneerselvam is also one of the names presently doing the rounds in AIADMK circles as one of the probables to take over as the next Chief Minister if Jayalalithaa has to resign.
The others being Transport Minister V Senthil Balaji and Electricity Minister Natham R Viswanathan and even former Chief Secretary and Consultant to the state government, Sheela Balakrishnan.
301

NDRF says 85 people killed by floods in Assam and MeghalayaSep 27, 2014 at 05:58pm IST
NDRF says 85 people killed by floods in Assam and Meghalaya
Guwahati: A total of 85 people have been killed due to heavy floods
and inundation in Assam and Meghalaya, the NDRF on Saturday said.
After combating the floods and water logging tragedy for over a week in the two states, the lead mitigation force has now shifted its operations from rescue to relief. "While 39 people have been killed in Assam, 46 deaths have been reported from Meghalaya. We are now concentrating our energies to undertake relief operations as rescue work has finished largely. There are signs of water receding in these areas," NDRF chief OP Singh said after accompanying Minister of State for Home Kiren Rijiju on an aerial survey of the two states.
"While 39 people have been killed in Assam, 46 deaths have been reported from Meghalaya," NDRF chief OP Singh said.
#assam #meghalaya #floods #ndrf
The National Disaster Response Force chief said in Assam the worst affected areas are the districts of Goalpara, Kamrup (rural) and Boko alongwith some adjoining areas whereas in Meghalaya, the areas of Tura and seven districts in Garo Hills area were hit the most by the tragedy.
"There has been massive destruction in these areas due to flood waters," Singh said. The NDRF which is operating 16 teams in the two states, he said, has rescued close to 6,000 people and distributed 80 quintals of food and other essential items to the people who are marooned.
He said the force has also undertaken night operations in these areas and such tasks are continuing. The delegation led by Rijiju met Meghalaya Chief Minister Mukul Sangma and senior leader and Tura Member of Parliament PA Sangma during the visit on Saturday, apart from briefing by senior officers of the administration of both the states.
4

5 kg tiffin bomb unearthed in Chhattisgarh s DantewadaSep 27, 2014 at 05:53pm IST
5 kg tiffin bomb unearthed in Chhattisgarh's Dantewada
8
0
Raipur: A five kilo gram tiffin bomb hidden beneath the soil on a road was recovered on Saturday in Chhattisgarh's insurgency-hit Dantewada district, police said.
Dantewada district police officials said that the tiffin bomb was recovered from Faraspal village after a tip off, when a team of security personnel was patrolling the area.
The bomb was unearthed and defused, they said.
A five kilo gram tiffin bomb hidden beneath the soil on a road was recovered in Chhattisgarh's insurgency-hit Dantewada district.
#dantewada #chhattisgarh #tiffin bomb
In another incident at Bijapur district, a joint team of CRPF and district police force recovered weapons and naxal material after a face off with maoists Tarrem jungles, police said.
As soon as security men reached Tarrem, about 30-40 naxals opened fire, following which the team too retaliated. However, there are no reports of causalities on both sides, police said.
After naxals fled into the jungles, policemen recovered detonators, electronic wires, boosters, walkie-talkies and some naxal uniforms from the spot.
Elsewhere in Bogla jungles in Bijapur, a group of naxals attacked policemen on a combing operation in the area. After retaliatory fire, arms and weapons, including guns, besides, posters, naxal literature, medicine packets and commodities for daily use were recovered from the area, they added.
0

BJP MLA who called for no Muslim men in Garba shares stage with nationalist MuslimsUsha Thakur, the BJP legislator from Indore.
Written by Milind Ghatwai | Indore | Posted: September 27, 2014 5:50 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 7:03 pm
Controversial BJP MLA Usha Thakur, whose first prescription to tackle ‘love jihad ‘ was denying entry to Muslim men in garba venues , sought to establish her secular credentials by sharing stage with members of Rashtrawadi Muslim Manch(RMM), an RSS-affiliated outfit, at a religious event organized on Saturday.
Thousands of women and girls attended the event organized by her organization Samagra Kranti Chetna Manch(SKCM) where they chanted Durga Saptashati and during the break young girls who are members of an akhara funded by her from her MLA fund demonstrated their skills in handling sword, banethi and patta.
Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan did not show up but state BJP chief Nandkumar Chouhan and other local BJP leaders and elected representatives attended the event. Thakur had called on Chouhan in Bhopal on Thursday with an invitation for the Saturday’s function. Ever since she began her campaign Chouhan has not reacted to the controversy while the state BJP chief had justified identity cards to tackle threats posed by organizations like the SIMI.
Scores of members of RSM sat on the stage and offered chunri to a portrait of Durga displayed on the huge pandal with an announcer comparing the gesture to the offering of chadar at Muslim shrines. While praising Thakur lavishly on Saturday, the state BJP Chief said that the highlight of the function was participation of nationalist Muslims. “All those who call India their mother are all nationalists,” he said.
In her speech, Thakur skipped the mention of ‘love jihad’ or participation of Muslims but it was there as the last point in the leaflets distributed to women and girls. In addition to Durga shlokas, the leaftlet had 10 points on how to maintain discipline, culture and decorum during navratri.
Asking women and girls to become durga reincarnate she spoke from the stage against low-waist ghagaras and backless cholis and puerile songs sung during the festival of nine nights. “you can’t invoke the goddess by singing and dancing to meaningless songs,’’ she said.
The MLA whose campaign has resulted other BJP MLAs making similar demands and saw display of posters asking non-Hindus not to participate in garba in Dhar town, about 75 kms from here, announced from the stage that girl volunteers will form tolis and move from one venue to another during navratri to ensure discipline was maintained. She did not elaborate what the volunteers will do. Several muslim women also accompanied the RMM
her aides, however, claimed her campaign saw organisers maintaining register at venues and videographing the event.
The legislator said the 10 points were arrived at after a brainstorming session of prominent citizens, doctors, advocates and others in indore last year. Glorifying Hinduism, she said it was based on science and did not involve any rituals.

Communal clashes in Vadodara; SMS  mobile data services suspendedShops remain closed in Hathikhana area in old city area a day after communal clashes were reported in Vadodara on Saturday. (Express Photo By Bhupendra Rana)
Express News Service | Vadodara | Posted: September 27, 2014 5:48 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 2:24 am
Uneasy calm prevailed over a large part of the old city area in Vadodara on Saturday after two consecutive days of communal clashes, with the government suspending mobile data, bulk SMSes as well as wireless Internet service except broadband service across the city as a preventive measure to stop the spread of rumours after consultation with city police.
The police attributed the two days of communal tensions to images and messages being spread on SMS, WhatsApp and Facebook.
“On Thursday and Friday, rumours were spread across the city with the use of mobile applications and SMSes which created panic and communal tension in sensitive areas, leading to clashes. Even though nothing major had happened, the entire city was under the impression that something major had taken place. The state home ministry took the decision to suspend SMSes and mobile internet service to prevent the spread of rumours,” police commissioner E Radhakrishnan said.
 
A notification issued by the police commissioner stated that all 2G, 3G Internet services (except landline broadband), and group SMSes and MMSes on mobile phones have been suspended till 10 am on September 30, and action will be taken on Internet and mobile service providing companies that violate this under section 188 of the IPC.
The mobile data services and SMSes of all telecommunications service providers were suspended by late morning. Officials said that the services will remain suspended till September 30, provided the normalcy returns, especially in old city areas that witnessed several communal clashes, including stone-pelting and burning of materials looted from the shops. Dozens of two-wheelers were also set on fire.
The clashes on Thursday were linked to photoshopped images of Hindu Goddess Maa Ambe and Lord Ram superimposed on the Muslim holy land of Mecca, which were spread across the city through WhatsApp. Police later arrested a youth, Sunil Raut, in this connection, following complaints from Muslim groups that alleged that the images hurt religious sentiments.
On Friday, gory images of persons belonging to a particular community being hacked to death were seen doing the rounds on social networking sites, with mobile phones playing a major role in their spread. This led to another flare-up in communal clashes.
Police carried out combing operations throughout Friday night and Saturday, but no arrests were made in connection with the riots on Friday. They said eight persons were arrested in connection with riots that broke out on Thursday.
Additional chief secretary (home) S K Nanda, during his visit to Vadodara on Friday, said that while no major incident had taken place, the police were taking every precautionary measure to bring back normalcy.

Tanvi Azmi to play Ranveer Singh’s mother in ‘Bajirao Mastani’Tanvi was seen as the best choice for the strong domineering part of Bajirao’s mother.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 27, 2014 5:22 pm
The casting of Sanjay Leela Bhansali’s “Bajirao Mastani” just got even more interesting as the filmmaker has roped in Tanvi Azmi to play Bajirao’s mother Radhabai in the historic drama.
Reportedly, names like Shabana Azmi, Dimple Kapadia and Supriya Pathak were previously considered for the part.
Revealing details of how Tanvi bagged the very important role, a source from the “Bajirao Mastani” team revealed: “Supriyaji was out because Bhansali had already worked his magic on her talent in ‘Goliyon Ki Raasleela – Ram Leela’. Getting Ranveer Singh, Deepika Padukone, Priyanka Chopra and Surpriya Pathak together again in ‘Bajirao…’ after ‘…Ram Leela’ would have been too much of an instant replay.”
Tanvi was seen as the best choice for the strong domineering part of Bajirao’s mother.
Before being signed on, she had to go through a compatibility test with Ranveer Singh to see whether they looked like mother and son. The two hit it off from the word go.

How did you get rs 5 valuation if anything this stock is way underval...12 Followers
Reposted about 56 days 9 hrs 43 min 32 sec ago by rakesh_silver
No point in arguing with Modi(ji)75, Modiji wants to buy Alok @ Rs 5 and Swarnajyot Agro @ Rs. 1 .  Again Modiji wants to penny stocks which are `worthy`, if those are penny stocks, then how can they be worthy? BTW Alok is not a penny stock, the stock is stuck into vicious hands of speculative traders and one of them is an insider I guess. Someone is desperately managing the levels in  Alok, the true value will unfold one day. Anyways I would suggest few more targets to Modiji. Modiji can visit the boards of Rei Agro, Indiabulls Wholesale, Era Infra, Shiva Cements, Sujana Metals Land Marc Leisure, Strauss Ind, Guj NRI Coke, Indiabulls Infra, Marathon Realty,  Essar Shipping and list of other 50 can be mailed to him. Or should I send it to Ahmedabad by courier.
6.28 PM Sep 28th

One of my feiwnd working wd jaypee reewa plant as geologist. he got hi...Platinum Member
72 Followers
My serious advice to fellow boarders who seriously invest in shares must not take this board seriously.This is a palce where many people post to confuse others.I can tell you 100`s of my experience here.Just one you hear.When Havells moved down few years before to 110.I purchased with the intention of making some money.regularly i read the postings here and posted my view too.atlast i sold all my holdings with one veteren`s advice and telephonic conversation.Then I forgot like any other ordinary investor .I have not seen it even moving to 500  and then further to 1000  and now it has split to FV1 also.I had 3000 shares.Just i narrated one incidence to help real investors to be careful.so many cunning and vicious elements are here in the board.You may visit, but dont take decisions based on their views.JPA is not a bad comapny at all.who ever says I won` accept.Keep on addinf and averaging.Youw ill sell only on profit.This KFA like issues are fantacies of these type of guys.Never ever give your phone no to any one on the board.I would have become millonare by this time if i palyed my game as per my conviction.No opinions.That is what I am doing now.i am gradually succeding.I lost a lot.I leant a lot.Thanks to all JPA boarders.I am taking leave.You won`t see me again here.I don`t believe it is useful to pass silly comments.Spend your time wisely.All the best.

I agree with you..the debt burden will reduce drastically if ipo of se...Platinum Member
47 Followers
BlackBlades...retail is around ~16% (Upto 1 Lakh) out of which the faint hearted and low volume one`s would be a pittance. I don`t think that would impact the price in such a way. Funny part of the group is, these guys are the ones who would be expecting it to go on UC forever and will never sell the moment it goes up. It is the same group which would lick wounds when it goes down even 50% from their avg price and still wouldn`t sell thinking the share would up in next quarter.
I only see panic buying by our fellow boarders...retail selling by fellow boarders is negligible....
BTW Navratra / Vijayadashmi wishes to all...with the blessings of God of knowledge guide us to get God of prosperity & God of health to settle down in homes permanently...

I bn going over this healthy debate on valuation ( under) of biocon. s...Platinum Member
55 Followers
guys Since biocons earning expansion in the future is given which cd trigger a  bull run in the stock A  1000  plus price from here wd be a bull run but will tht price justify the valuations of biocon I am not sure.
Revaluation of a stock is a diff ball game completely: Earnings hv very little to do wiith the actual run up in the stock they only play a part in sustaining the stock there The major part of the runup is always on the hope of earnings growth.Tht hope is called perception building.   Here I am not very comfortable with Biocon They r handicapped because of missed timelines  but nobody either has long memories in the mkt or even cares a damn about the past.The mgmt in its communications to the investors has surprisingly become too realistic & maybe too cagey.You dont become Salman Khan if u r shy in taking off your shirt  This undressing & showing your great figure is part of the game It has nothing to do with character. I am sure even though Katrina is wearing a bikni in a film she is not an easy pickup,
I think the time is ripe for biocon to flaunt wht it has maybe tht shall result in euphoria and overpricing the stock but tht is always the first step to right valuations

IIPM cannot call itself management institute  rules Delhi HCComments
Indian Institute of Planning and Management (IIPM) run by Arindam Chaudhuri can no longer use terms such as MBA, BBA or management course for the courses it offers. The Delhi high court on Friday restrained it from even calling itself management school, business school or B-school.
Taking a tough stance against the institute, which has long been embroiled in controversy over its recognition by the higher education regulators here, the HC directed it to prominently display on their website that they are not recognized by any statutory body or authority in India.
Chaudhuri denied IIPM ever claimed to have offered MBA or BBA courses. “We have already told the court that we don’t want to call ourselves an institute proving management courses. We teach planning and entrepreneurship,” Chaudhuri told HT.
“We will challenge the order before higher court,” Chaudhuri said.
The HC order came on a PIL alleging that IIPM was “misleading, cheating and exploiting students” by fraudulently using “MBA or BBA” in prospectus and official website as courses offered by it.
Though IIPM claimed to have recognition from a foreign Management Institute namely IMI, Belgium, the HC noted it was “cleverly concealing” from potential students that the foreign institute was “nothing but an alter ego or another face of IIPM.”
The court noted AICTE’s submission that its prior approval was compulsory and mandatory for conduct of a technical course including the MBA or management course.
The regulatory body had said that the activities being run by IIPM was clearly an attempt to offer MBA programmes by bypassing the statutory requirement of seeking prior approval of AICTE. IIPM’s name continues to feature on list of unapproved institutions on AICTE website.
In November last year, UGC had found the advertisement issued by IIPM to be having the potential to mislead the students and public at large and had asked it to stop the practice of issuing such “dubious advertisements to attract students deceptively.”

Gas Pricing Needs to be Fixed Fast: BrokeragesYou are here: Home Industries
Gas Pricing Needs to be Fixed Quickly, Say Brokerages
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 26, 2014 21:24 (IST)
Manufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
New Delhi: As the government deferred a revision in natural gas prices for the third time, brokerages said pricing needs to be fixed quickly as non-remunerative rates and policy uncertainties had led to sluggish domestic output.
Gas prices will continue to be maintained at $4.2 per million British thermal unit for another 45 days after the September 24 decision of the Cabinet to delay a decision on new gas price guidelines until November 15. ( Read full story )
"In our view, the government needs to quickly fix the pricing policies for oil and gas as part of a broader objective of enhancing India's energy security," Kotak Institutional Equities said in a report.
"Non-remunerative pricing and policy uncertainties have led to sluggish domestic production, resulting in rising energy deficit and imports."
The current energy policies that constrain domestic production and inadvertently encourage energy imports at global prices should be reviewed, it said.
UBS said it believed gas prices will be increased as "the rationale for high cost of developing new gas fields has been well debated, and domestic production needs to be raised to offset imports of higher-priced LNG".
UBS as well as Bank of America-Merrill Lynch expected a gas price of around $6.5 per mmbtu to be approved as opposed to $8.3-8.4 per mmBtu rate recommended by the Rangarajan Committee.
"While there is no clarity on the implementation timelines, we assume increased prices to be effective from January 2015 onwards or latest by April 2015," UBS said.
Kotak said low natural gas prices will prevent any meaningful reinvestment in existing fields and investments in new discovered fields and unexplored regions, which is necessary to sustain and grow domestic production.
"Higher natural gas (and crude oil) prices are essential to sustain the extant production of the upstream companies, given rising operating costs and significant reinvestment in mature fields to simply sustain production," it said.
A comprehensive market-based pricing regime for all forms of energy is ultimately required to remove inefficiencies in the energy chain, rationalise domestic consumption and incentivise indigenous production.
"A market-based pricing regime will adequately incentivize domestic producers, while taking care of the interests of consumers; a consumer will end up paying higher prices for energy imports if indigenous production continues to lag domestic demand as has been the case historically. This situation will continue in the future too," it added.
Bank of America-Merrill Lynch said the Supreme Court is hearing two public interest litigations against a price hike for gas from Reliance Industries' eastern offshore KG-D6 block.
The Supreme Court had in its last hearing on September 18 asked the government to clarify its stand on the gas price hike decision taken by the UPA government, which was challenged by two appellants.
The government's lawyer had informed the Supreme Court that the decision on gas pricing would be taken by the government and an affidavit would be filed. The top court has posted the matter for further hearing on November 14.
"We expect the decision on gas pricing to be taken before the SC (Supreme Court) hearing due on November 14," it said, adding the head of the bench hearing the PILs has "indicated in our view that the SC may not play any role on the gas pricing issue, especially if the NDA government rejects the gas price formula approved by the UPA government and fixes the gas price at a lower level".
It said the NDA government may fix the gas price at $6-7 per mmBtu vis-a-vis $8-9 as per the UPA government-approved formula.
Story first published on: September 26, 2014 20:52 (IST)

Redskins LB Keenan Robinson and family unhurt after collision with drunk driverBy Liz Clarke September 26 Follow @lizclarketweet
Linebacker Keenan Robinson. (Matt Strasen/Associated Press)
After battling through Washington’s 45-14 loss to the New York Giants , middle linebacker Keenan Robinson had a frightening trip home Thursday night.
As he departed FedEx Field, Robinson’s Chevy Suburban was struck by another vehicle, but no one was injured.
Robinson tweeted his thanks at 1:36 a.m., posting: “I thank you father God for protecting me and my family and keeping us safe tonight. A drunk driver hit us and almost wiped us out.”
Redskins Coach Jay Gruden was asked about the incident during a conference call Friday afternoon. “He was just going home after the game, and there was some traffic, and somebody tried to squeeze past him I guess and hit him,” Gruden said. “But he is OK, no injuries.”
Robinson was among the few bright spots for the Redskins defense in the loss, getting the team’s lone interception on a ball knocked loose at Washington’s 1 by safety Brandon Meriweather. Washington gave the ball back two plays later, however, when quarterback Kirk Cousins threw one of his four second-half interceptions. Robinson also finished second on the team to safety Ryan Clark with 13 tackles.
According to NBC Washington, the accident occurred shortly after midnight, and the driver of the other vehicle was arrested for DUI after failing a sobriety test and refusing a breathalyzer.
 
Liz Clarke currently covers the Washington Redskins for The Washington Post, she has also covered five Olympic Games, two World Cups and written extensively about college sports, tennis and auto racing.

Clay Aiken gets by with a little help from his ‘American Idol’ friendsBy Erin C.J. Robertson September 26 Follow @ECJRobertson
Apparently, it takes more than one ‘Idol’ to win a congressional race. Clay Aiken, the “American Idol” runner up-turned-Democratic-congressional candidate, is enlisting some of his pals from the singing-contest show.
Aiken is getting an assist from AI winners Ruben Studdard and Fantasia in his bid to unseat Republican incumbent Renee Elmers in North Carolina, he said in an interview with talk show host Larry King that aired on Ora TV Thursday night.
“He’s been an incredible supporter to us,” Aiken said of Studdard, who flew to North Carolina and will appear at a campaign event Friday night.
“Fantasia who won from season 3, and is a North Carolinian herself, is going to help us out with that,” added Aiken, who says he wants to serve on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee if elected to Congress.
What does Aiken make of his friends’ loyalty?
“I’m thankful for that,” he said.
Read more Reliable Source: 

Climate Conversion in New Yorkreddit
Religion must help us reverse climate change.
That was the message in New York from local and global faith leaders who gathered around the UN sessions on climate change. I was in New York, along with hundreds of thousands of other people -- the biggest march against climate change in the world so far -- trying to bring the energy of morality, values, faith, and especially, a commitment to children and grandchildren. The march was marked by its diversity of people and groups and its passion, with many hopeful images of a different future beyond our fossil fuels past and present.
Leaders from many faiths, religions, and wisdom traditions made it clear that climate change presents a spiritual crisis, not just an economic and political debate. Our conversations included dialogue with UN leaders on how to reverse the dangerous direction the world is still taking. Together we shared signs of progress and increasing alarm over inaction. We wrestled with how faith communities might provide vision and hope to sustain the social movement we need to reverse our present course. We agreed that the historically necessary transformation from our fossil fuel economy to a renewable clean energy world will require the power of faith.
For many people of faith and others, the march culminated in Religions for the Earth, a multifaith service at the historic Cathedral of St. John the Divine.
Here are some of the remarks I prepared to share with the packed house of prayer:
"We all know that the world is moving down a very dangerous path, and that we must reverse our direction. But so far, the credible and persuasive scientific case hasn't accomplished that. Sensible economic proposals haven't halted that direction either. And smart political arguments have yet to reverse our course either.
Why? Because we are addicted to fossil fuels. The results are planet-threatening climate change and people-threatening terrorism.
We need conversion. Nothing less. Only our conversion could change our dangerous direction.
Two fundamental things could bring the kind of conversion we need.
One, our faith.
Two, our children.
A re-conversion to our faith and for our children might save us from the dangers ahead. These are the two things that many people around the world would change anything for, give anything for, or sacrifice anything for. All the people of faith and all the parents in this house of worship know that's true.
It's a mistake to say we just need to move climate change up on our list of priorities -- the issues and concerns we care most about. That's not enough. Rather, we need a new and deeper understanding of how climate change is now impacting all of our lists -- and could devastate all the people and things we most care about."
For people of faith, this list includes care for all marginalized peoples, those "least of these" to whom Jesus called us to show special care in the Gospel of Matthew.
As I told those gathered at the multi-faith service, climate change is devastating my list of concerns as a follower of Jesus, and that converts me again. All who Jesus named as the least of these will be devastated further by climate change. For the hungry -- massive food shortages and starvation. The thirsty -- more droughts. The naked -- stripping millions of all their resources. The stranger -- dislocating millions more as immigrants. The sick -- spreading more disease. The prisoner -- more destabilization, chaos, desperation, and crime.
All are being harmed by our inaction on climate change:
"Jesus also instructs us to be peacemakers, who take on the causes of terrorism and war -- not only 'peace lovers,' who just hope their government comes up with an effective military strategy. Let's tell the truth: we won't see the end of threats like ISIS until we repent of our addiction to the fossil fuel economy with its legion of injustices and its sins against God's earth and God's children through climate change.
Our repentance and conversion must become very practical. It's also time for the faith community to preach the promise of hope that could sustain the long and hard struggle that will help the world make the transition from dirty and dangerous to clean and renewable energy.
To be honest, the evidence for our making that crucial transition, and in time before too much irreparable damage to the planet is done, isn't good. But as I often say, hope means believing in spite of the evidence, then watching the evidence change."
Al Gore, one of the other Cathedral speakers, quoted Wallace Stevens in reminding us, "After the final no comes a yes."
We must believe that each "No" to addressing and reversing climate change will one day be turned into a "Yes" -- but only if our faith and hope keeps saying and living: Yes.
_____________
Jim Wallis is president of Sojourners . His book, The (Un)Common Good: How the Gospel Brings Hope to a World Divided, the updated and revised paperback version of On God's Side, is available now. Follow Jim on Twitter @JimWallis .
Follow Jim Wallis on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jimwallis
More:

Delhi Metro makes a profit by reducing its carbon footprintE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Communal unrest in Vadodara  Internet bannedComments
The Gujarat government has suspended mobile data and bulk SMS and MMS services in Vadodara till Tuesday following communal unrest over a Facebook post that hurt religious sentiments.
The trouble began on Thursday afternoon and flared-up after namaaz on Friday after which the state home department issued orders to suspend these services to prevent the spread of rumours through Facebook, Twitter, WhatsApp and other social media.
“The situation is under control now. The home department issued the order banning mobile internet and bulk SMS and MMS. Broadband service is not touched,” said E. Radhakrishnan, Vadodara’s police commissioner.
State authorities have taken a series of steps including “banning internet use for group messages and stopping sale of pre-paid mobile cards for few days,” said SK Nanda, additional chief secretary (home), who visited Vadodara to take stock of the situation on Saturday.
HT has however found that the suspension of mobile data services may have been done in violation of procedure and probably exists without any legal basis.
According to government regulations, mobile data and SMS services can only be stopped after directions from the Union home ministry, and not by the state government or the district administration.
“No one other than the Department of Telecommunications (DoT) secretary, based on directions from the Union home ministry can ask a network to stop (such services),” said Rajan Mathews, director general, Cellular Operators Association of India. A senior Supreme Court lawyer specializing in telecom also backed what Mathews said.
State authorities wouldn’t confirm whether they approached the Union home ministry prior to issuing the suspension orders.
DoT secretary Rakesh Garg also denied receiving any request regarding the suspension of data and SMS/MMS services. "I have not received any request… but if Section 144 is enforced, it can cover a wide area, including various services (telecom, transport etc)… But this is in rare occasions that threaten law and order.”
HT has found that Section 144 has not been imposed in Vadodara.
The tension in Vadodara’s old city erupted on Thursday when a man identified as Sunil Rajput posted on Facebook a photoshopped image of a Hindu goddess superimposed on an image of the Muslim holy city of Mecca.
The photograph was circulated via social media triggering communal clashes in which over a dozen vehicles and several shops were set on fire.
On Friday, a few people gathered in the sensitive Fatehpura area and started pelting stones. This prompted the police to fire a dozen rounds in the air and lob teargas shells to disperse the crowd.
Vadodara commissioner Radhakrishnan said that the area had returned to normal on Saturday. “All markets and shops were open,” he added.

GSLV Mark III will make India self-reliant in space‘GSLV Mark III will make India self-reliant in space’
PTI
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 27:  
India does not need to rely on foreign countries for launching heavier communication satellites once its experimental mission of GSLV Mark III tasted success, Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre (VSSC) Director M Chandra Dathan today said.
“The GSLV Mark III, scheduled to be launched in November first week, will carry four tonne class of communication satellites and it will help India achieve self-reliance in this,” he told reporters here.
He was attending a felicitation ceremony organised by the Press Club here to honour a group of scientists of VSSC here, which played a significant role in the Mars mission.
He said the country had been launching heavy communication satellites from French Guiana (through Arianespace) at present and once the experimental mission was a success there was no need to depend on them.
On other post-Mars Orbiter Mission projects of ISRO, he said the launching of PSLV—C26, which would carry IRNSS 1C satellite, had been scheduled on October 10 from Sriharikota.
It was the third in the IRNSS series and four more satellites were under plans, he said.
“With the launching of all seven in the IRNSS series, we can achieve self-reliance in the field of navigation,”he said.
Stating that ISRO’s programmes for the next 25 years were well defined, he said Chandrayaan 2 and Solar Mission were also among the major projects in the offing.
“We are launching more navigation and communication satellites as they can bring immediate results. But, we need space missions like MOM also to study about this universe, formation of planets and so on. Otherwise we will become nothing in front of developed countries. It is already too late,” he said.
Dathan also hailed Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his hearty and inspirational support which he extended to the ISRO scientists during the MOM insertion.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

Samsung launches 4G-enabled Galaxy Alpha for Rs 39 990Samsung launches 4G-enabled Galaxy Alpha for Rs 39,990
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 27:  
Korean handset maker Samsung today launched a 4G device under its galaxy series that will be available in market in first week of October for Rs 39,990.
The company said it plans to bring more 4G-enabled devices in near future in a lower price range.
“We will come out with more 4G devices in near future which will be priced under Rs 40,000,” Samsung India VP (Mobile and IT) Asim Warsi told reporters here.
The company said at 6.7 mm, the Galaxy Alpha is the slimmest device ever in the series.
The device, which weighs 115 grams, is equipped with 4.7-inch HD Super Amoled display, octa core processor and 12 megapixel rear camera.
The phone has finger print scanner, private mode, heart rate monitor and connectivity with Samsung wearable devices like Gear Fit, Gear 2, Gear 2 Neo, and Gear S.
Samsung has tied up with Bharti Airtel wherein customers will get 5 GB of 4G data for two months in circles where Airtel has launched 4G services.
“As the market leader, Samsung has significantly contributed to the market growth by setting new benchmarks in offering the best-in-class technology and products,” Samsung Electronics Managing Director (Sales) SK Kim said.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Verma falters in individual final after historic team goldUpdated: September 27, 2014 14:22 IST
Verma falters in individual final after historic team gold
PTI
REUTERS Abhishek Verma shoots in his men's compound individual gold medal archery match against Iran's Esmaeil Ebadi during the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon on Saturday.
TOPICS
Summer Asian Games
Indian archers scripted history in the Asian Games today when the compound men’s team shot its way to a maiden gold medal by shocking favourites South Korea before squad member Abhishek Verma picked up the individual silver even as women added two bronze to the tally.
The women’s trio had set the tone in the morning by clinching the compound team bronze by defeating Iran in the play-off for the third position at the Gyeyang Asiad Archery Field. Later, Trisha Deb bagged a bronze in the individual event.
India had won one silver and three bronze medals from the bow and arrow discipline in past Games and today’s gold lifted the sagging spirits of the huge contingent which had endured a gold drought after pistol shooter Jitu Rai’s top finish six days ago.
India defied odds to shock world archery powerhouse Korea 227-225 in the gold medal clash.
The men’s trio of Rajat Chauhan, Sandeep Kumar and Abhishek Verma worked wonderfully well in unison to lead their formidable hosts -- the world silver medalists -- right through the 24-arrow finals to emerge triumphant by two points (227-225) in the non-Olympic Compound event which has made its debut here.
This was the second medal of the day from the venue, and came just one hour after the young Indian women’s trio of Trisha Deb, Purvasha Shende and Jyothi Surekha Vennam clinched the bronze medal by winning the play-off against Iran 224-217.
Later Verma fought gamely in the gold medal match against Iran’s Ebadi Esmaeil 141-145. Two 8s by the Indian in his first nine arrows led to his downfall as the Iranian nosed ahead and kept the lead to win the gold.
The superb display of the compound team made up to some extent the disappointing show put up by the recurve team of better known archers so far at these Games.
“We have been noticing India’s position on the medals table every day and were determined to win the gold today. We are delighted to have done it,” said Jaipur—based Chauhan who claimed he had failed in 12th standard exams on four occasions.
Coach Ranjan Singh, from Manipur, hailed the preparations of the team ahead of the Games as one of the reasons for the result.
“We went to Salt Lake City in the USA and trained under top coach De Wilde for 15 days. Then we came and trained in South Korea in different weather conditions at Gwangju which is four hours’ drive from here for a month before reaching here for the Games,” said Singh, a former junior national champion.
Verma, on the other hand, said, “I knew how to perform under pressure after losing in the World Cup final. We are all delighted to win the gold. We were not overawed by our opponents.”
“We have been preparing for this for two years. This is our biggest ever victory,” said Haryana—born Army Sports Institute (Pune) naik subedar Sandeep Kumar who took up the sport only after joining the services ranks three years ago.
The Indians led the Koreans right through the gold medal contest. The wind direction kept shifting but the trio held its composure to emerge on top.
The Indians led 55-54 after the first set of six arrows from each team, were ahead 113—111 after the second set, held on to the lead by two points (171-169) before a horrid 7 from one of the Korean team members in the fourth and final set virtually sealed the gold in their favour.
After the first set of three arrows had been fired by both the teams in the last set, India were ahead by three points (199-196) thanks to the shocking 7 shot by the Koreans.
Though the host team did slightly better than India (29-28) in the last round of three arrows, the lead was too big to bridge.
In what came as surprise, Trisha won a bronze in the compound women’s individual event.
Trisha won 138-134 against Chinese Taipei’s Huang I Jou.
The Indian was lucky to finish on the podium given that she was trailing her rival till the last arrow.
After scoring perfect 10s in the fourth round, Jou fumbled in the fifth and final round as she managed to garner just 18 points against the Indian’s 25.
This completely turned the contest in the closing stages and the Indian girl walked away with a third-place finish.

Prime Minister Narendra Modi pays homage to 9/11 terror attack victimsPrint
Written by Ritu Sarin | New York | Posted: September 27, 2014 6:02 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 1:06 am
Sending the message that India and the United States are allies in their fight against terrorism, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday visited the 9/11 memorial and paid tribute to the 3,000 victims of the worst terrorist atrocity in America’s history.
Modi began  second day   of his packed   US visit  at Ground Zero in lower Manhattan, where the two towers of the World Trade Center were destroyed in 2001 and where the memorial was opened in May this year.
Dressed in sober white and grey, Modi placed five rose buds, one of them on slab number N-37, where the names of nine Indian victims are inscribed close together. In all, 40 Indians died at the site on September 11, 2001.
The PM also placed a wreath at another symbolic spot near the memorial — in front of a lush green pear tree called the “survivor”. Following the horrors of the 9/11 attack, the tree was charred and reduced to a stump but once the rubble and debris were removed, a single green leaf was found growing on it. The tree was magically nurtured back to good health and replanted at ground zero as a symbol of human will to survive and revive.
The PM’s visit to the memorial assumes added significance in the context of a push for greater India-US cooperation in the fight against global terrorism. America embassy officials had told The Indian Express on Friday that “terror” was high on the agenda for the summit talks between Modi and President Obama on Monday and Tuesday.
Earlier at the morning’s first official meeting with New York Mayor Bill de Blasio, issues related to large cities, especially common threats of terror, policing, public housing and crowd management in the events like “Kumbh Mela” were discussed.
“The PM wanted to understand what are the issues that he (de Blasio) faces, because he is keen on trying to rejuvenate our urban spaces,” External Affairs Ministry spokesman Syed Akbaruddin said. Discussions were focused on matters related to public housing, he said, adding that New York City is planning to build some half a million houses in 10 years.
The PM, he said, was also keen to understand the security steps taken by the city following 9/11. “There was a fairly detailed discussion on this. In this context they also discussed common threats faced by big cities in terms of terror threats,” he said.
 

Wrestlers Vinesh  Geetika win bronze eachUpdated: September 27, 2014 18:25 IST
Wrestlers Vinesh, Geetika win bronze each
PTI
PTI Geetika Jakhar produced a dominant performance in her bronze-medal bout against Vietnam’s Ly Thi Hien as she pinned down her opponent in just 55 seconds in a victory by fall verdict. File Photo
TOPICS
Summer Asian Games
Women grapplers Vinesh Phogat and Geetika Jakhar bagged a bronze medal each in 48kg and 63kg freestyle events respectively as India made an impressive start in their wrestling campaign at the Asian Games in Incheon on Saturday.
Glasgow Commonwealth Games gold winner Vinesh needed two minutes 31 seconds to beat Narangerel Erdenesukh of Mongolia in a completely one-sided bronze-medal bout. The referee stopped the bout after the Indian had taken 10—0 lead over her hapless opponent.
Earlier, she made it to quarterfinals after pinning down Yongmi Pak of North Korea in a 3—1 ‘decision by point’ verdict. The Indian then recorded a verdict-by-fall win over Dauletbike Yakhshi Muratova of Uzbekistan in quarterfinals before losing to Eri Tosaka of Japan in the semifinals.
Geetika produced an even more dominant performance in her bronze-medal bout against Vietnam’s Ly Thi Hien as she pinned down her opponent in just 55 seconds in a victory by fall verdict.
A silver medallist at the CWG, Geetika defeated Kazakhstan’s Yekaterina Larionova 3—1 by decision by points in her first bout before outplaying Jaratrawee Autnun of Thaliand in a victory by fall verdict to make it to the semifinals. In the semifinals, however, Geetika lost to Zhuoma Xilou of China.
It was, however curtains for men’s freestyle wrestlers as both Amit Kumar and Parveen Rana lost in the Round of 16 to their respective Japanese opponents.
Much was expected of CWG gold medallist Amit Kumar, but he turned out to be completely off-colour against Fumitaka Morishita, going down 1—3 in the 57kg category.
Praveen was beaten by Takafumi Kojima with an identical scoreline in the 70kg division.
In 2010 Guangzhou Asian Games, India had won just three bronze in wrestling.

MP: Woman Cong leader shot at  curfew in RatlamComments
A Bajrang Dal activist and his domestic help were shot dead in the heart of Ratlam by unidentified assailants on Saturday in a suspected retaliatory attack, barely a couple of hours after a Congress leader was shot at, also by yet-to-be indentified gunmen.
MP's woman Congress leader and local corporator Yasmin Sherani who was shot at in Ratlam on Saturday. (HT photo)
The Bajrang Dal activist's brother was also injured in the attack.
Following the incidents and subsequent unrest in some parts of Ratlam, the administration clamped curfew in the communally-sensitive township, around 120 km from Indore in Madhya Pradesh.
The town has a history of communal disturbances.
Police said that the Madhya Pradesh woman Congress vice-president and corporator Yasmin Sherani (50) was shot at by two unidentified assailants near the Ratlam municipal corporation (RMC) office when she was about to step into her vehicle at around 12.30pm.
Police said quoting eye-witnesses that the corporator was shot at by two unidentified assailants on the neck.
The profusely-bleeding Congress leader was first rushed to a local government hospital from where she was referred to the Bombay Hospital, Indore.
As news of the attack on Sherani spread, a large number of her supporters started to forcibly shut down nearby markets.
Police had to resort to lathi-charge to disperse the mob.
Even as this exercise was going on, four unidentified assailants on two motorcycles pumped several bullets into Kapil Rathore (33), the Ratlam unit joint-convenor of Bajrang Dal, outside a hotel.
His younger brother Deepak (28) and their domestic help Gowardhan (40) also received bullet injuries.
Kapil and Gowardhan died at the Ratlam district hospital while Deepak was rushed to Indore.
Soon after police clamped curfew amidst reports of stone-pelting from several parts of the town.
Ratlam superintendent of police Ashis said the situation was tense but under control.
Police have stepped up patrolling throughout the city and advised people to stay put inside their homes.
Meanwhile, Yasmin’s condition was said to be stable at the Bombay Hospital, where she was being treated.
"The bullet hit her on the right side of the neck and passed through the jaw," medical superintendent of the hospital Dilip Singh Chouhan said.
Initially, Deepak was also brought to Bombay Hospital but was later taken to CHL Apollo Hospital as the administration feared that supporters of Yasmin and Deepak might clash if they came face to face in the hospital.

J Jayalalithaa sentenced to 4 yrs in jail; Rs 100 crore fineThe 66-year-old AIADMK supremo has been slapped with a fine of Rs 100 crore, highest imposed on any politician.
Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: September 27, 2014 6:54 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 11:13 am
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister   J Jayalalithaa  was on Saturday convicted under the Prevention of Corruption Act and sentenced to four years in prison for accumulating wealth disproportionate to her known sources of income in  18-year-old corruption case .
The special court judge, John Michael Cunha, also imposed a hefty Rs 100-crore fine on Jayalalithaa. Three other persons who were accused in the case — friend V K Sasikala, Sasikala’s nephew V N Sudhakaran and sister-in-law J Illavarasi — were also sentenced to four years of simple imprisonment for being co-conspirators in the acquisition of Rs 53.64 crore of disproportionate assets between 1991 and 1996. Fines of Rs 10 crore each were imposed on the three co-accused.
Jayalalithaa, 66, was sent to Bangalore central prison after the judgment but was later shifted to Shri Jayadeva Institute of Cardiology after a medical check in jail. She had produced before the judge medical certificates from the Apollo Hospital in Chennai, claiming to be suffering from Type 2 diabetes, hypertension and heart problem.
In his 1000-page judgment, Cunha stated that the prosecution had proved beyond doubt that the accused had acquired the assets worth Rs 53.64 crore unlawfully. The prosecution had claimed that assets worth Rs 66.65 crore had been acquired by Jayalalithaa and the co-accused.
 
Jayalalithaa and the others have also been found guilty of criminal conspiracy and have been sentenced on this account to six month in prison.
Lawyers for Jayalalithaa said they were attempting to move the Karnataka high court to seek a stay on the conviction to enable her to continue as chief minister and to stay out of prison. The high court is on vacation and a special bench is likely to be approached on Monday.
In a statement ahead of her sentencing, Jayalalithaa appealed for leniency, claiming that the case against her was politically motivated and foisted on her by political rivals 18 years ago. She sought a lenient sentence on the grounds that she was suffering from illnesses and stress.
The judgment came amid tight security, including prohibitory orders in a 2km radius around the special court’s premises. As many as 29 ministers from Jayalalithaa’s cabinet and several members of parliament waited outside the court in a special tent raised by the Bangalore police.
As Jayalalithaa was being taken away to prison several of them started crying “Amma, Amma!’’. A minor scene was created when the CM and Sasikala locked themselves in their car and continued…

BJP MLA Usha Thakur shares stage with pro-RSS MuslimsUsha Thakur, the BJP legislator from Indore.
Written by Milind Ghatwai | Indore | Posted: September 27, 2014 5:50 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 7:03 pm
Controversial BJP MLA Usha Thakur, whose first prescription to tackle ‘love jihad ‘ was denying entry to Muslim men in garba venues , sought to establish her secular credentials by sharing stage with members of Rashtrawadi Muslim Manch(RMM), an RSS-affiliated outfit, at a religious event organized on Saturday.
Thousands of women and girls attended the event organized by her organization Samagra Kranti Chetna Manch(SKCM) where they chanted Durga Saptashati and during the break young girls who are members of an akhara funded by her from her MLA fund demonstrated their skills in handling sword, banethi and patta.
Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan did not show up but state BJP chief Nandkumar Chouhan and other local BJP leaders and elected representatives attended the event. Thakur had called on Chouhan in Bhopal on Thursday with an invitation for the Saturday’s function. Ever since she began her campaign Chouhan has not reacted to the controversy while the state BJP chief had justified identity cards to tackle threats posed by organizations like the SIMI.
Scores of members of RSM sat on the stage and offered chunri to a portrait of Durga displayed on the huge pandal with an announcer comparing the gesture to the offering of chadar at Muslim shrines. While praising Thakur lavishly on Saturday, the state BJP Chief said that the highlight of the function was participation of nationalist Muslims. “All those who call India their mother are all nationalists,” he said.
In her speech, Thakur skipped the mention of ‘love jihad’ or participation of Muslims but it was there as the last point in the leaflets distributed to women and girls. In addition to Durga shlokas, the leaftlet had 10 points on how to maintain discipline, culture and decorum during navratri.
Asking women and girls to become durga reincarnate she spoke from the stage against low-waist ghagaras and backless cholis and puerile songs sung during the festival of nine nights. “you can’t invoke the goddess by singing and dancing to meaningless songs,’’ she said.
The MLA whose campaign has resulted other BJP MLAs making similar demands and saw display of posters asking non-Hindus not to participate in garba in Dhar town, about 75 kms from here, announced from the stage that girl volunteers will form tolis and move from one venue to another during navratri to ensure discipline was maintained. She did not elaborate what the volunteers will do. Several muslim women also accompanied the RMM
her aides, however, claimed her campaign saw organisers maintaining register at venues and videographing the event.
The legislator said the 10 points were arrived at after a brainstorming session of prominent citizens, doctors, advocates and others in indore last year. Glorifying Hinduism, she said it was based on science and did not involve any rituals.

Buy mirza international with a target of 48 and stoploss of 34. time 2...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Are you saying merger is impossible  even if senvion doesn`t need bank...Platinum Member
47 Followers
BlackBlades...retail is around ~16% (Upto 1 Lakh) out of which the faint hearted and low volume one`s would be a pittance. I don`t think that would impact the price in such a way. Funny part of the group is, these guys are the ones who would be expecting it to go on UC forever and will never sell the moment it goes up. It is the same group which would lick wounds when it goes down even 50% from their avg price and still wouldn`t sell thinking the share would up in next quarter.
I only see panic buying by our fellow boarders...retail selling by fellow boarders is negligible....
BTW Navratra / Vijayadashmi wishes to all...with the blessings of God of knowledge guide us to get God of prosperity & God of health to settle down in homes permanently...

Larsen should go down below 550 and please note even if it goes down t...Platinum Member
307 Followers
AGREE----FIIs wearing cap on the heads of retail investors of developing countries like India at much and artificial higher levels without any fundamental change in Indian economy since last year but FIIs/Speculators played their game smartly. India Stock Market would dip below 5000-4500(nifty)& 16000-14000 (sensex)in the year of 2015---so, presently, right time to exit absolutely from the market to save hear earned money as well profit.
11.10 PM Sep 27th

Whoever you are - your post is extremely bad and even intimidating. pl...Silver Member
7 Followers
I am writing about Ybrant to make it known to more people so that they benefit from its stupendous run that is going to happen.
Many people are not aware of Ybrant.
In any case there are so many boarders who keep discussing different stock on different boards giving all sorts of calls.
AT least i am not instigating people ....I am just making Ybrant known.
You also have written about different stocks on different boards so why getting upset.

BCCI names support staff  postpones AGMUpdated: September 27, 2014 01:31 IST
BCCI names support staff, postpones AGM
Special Correspondent
Reuters The all-powerful working committee of the BCCI on Friday retained former India all-rounder Ravi Shastri (right) as the Director of the Indian cricket team till the ICC World Cup next year File photo
TOPICS
The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI), at its working committee meeting here on Friday, decided to postpone its AGM to November 20.
The AGM will be held in the city.
The BCCI also announced that Ravi Shastri would continue as Director of the team although he would assume a “hands on” role only from the tri-series down under and the ICC ODI World Cup 2015.
Shastri, busy with media commitments, will guide the side more as a consultant during the home series against the West Indies and the four-Test series in Australia.
Coach Duncan Fletcher holds on to his job till the premier ODI tournament. Bharat Arun and Sanjay Bangar (assistant coaches) and R. Sridhar (fielding coach) retain their respective roles (the news was broken in The Hindu).
“The BCCI is very happy with the performance of the new support staff,” said secretary Sanjay Patel.
Can finish contracts
Former bowling and fielding coaches, Joe Dawes and Trevor Penney, who were asked to “go on leave” after the Test series in England, have been informed they could finish the remaining part of their contracts — till the completion of the World Cup — at the National Cricket Academy (NCA).
The meeting was attended by N. Srinivasan as a representative of the Tamil Nadu Cricket Association (TNCA) since the working committee wanted to felicitate him on becoming the first chairman of the International Cricket Council.
The Supreme Court had said Srinivasan could not discharge his duties as BCCI president till the Justice Mudgal panel submitted its findings on corruption in the IPL (the report will be submitted in November first week), but he is understood to have taken legal opinion.
“He was not there as the president of the Board and did not chair the meeting. He was only there as a member of the TNCA, a State association, to receive our felicitations for his achievement in the ICC,” said Patel.
Audited statement of accounts approved
During the meeting, the committee approved the audited annual statement of accounts for the year till March 31, 2014.
The panel decided only those below the age of 23 as on September 1, 2014, would be eligible for selection in the ‘A’ team of each State association (this is not to be confused with the India ‘A’ side).
A BCCI team will also visit flood ravaged Jammu & Kashmir and assist the State in the resumption of the game there. It is also understood that J & K cricketers would be given facilities in Mohali for pre-season practice.

Ignoring Sharif  Modi s UN speech will be  forward lookingIgnoring Sharif, Modi's UN speech will be 'forward looking'
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  New York, September 27, 2014
First Published: 10:05 IST(27/9/2014) | Last Updated: 18:39 IST(27/9/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will not dignify Pakistan prime minister Nawaz Sharif’s remarks on Kashmir with a response when he addresses United Nations General Assembly (UNGA) on Saturday.
Prime Minister Modi will deliver his remarks in a “forward looking manner”, said ministry of external affairs spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin in a terse reaction to Sharif’s statement. Modi is scheduled to speak at UNGA at around 8pm.
HT Explains: What Modi's maiden US visit means for India
But Sharif won’t be allowed to get away with it either. Exercising India’s right to reply, one of its diplomats will rebut the Pakistan Prime Minister from the floor of the assembly.
During his speech, Sharif said he was disappointed that India cancelled foreign secretary-level talks last month because of Pakistani support for right of the people of Kashmir to self-determination.
It is “our historic commitment and a duty, as a party to the Kashmir dispute,” Sharif said at UNGA late Friday, around the time Modi was arriving in New York.
India disagrees, of course, and finds UN references by Pakistan to Kashmir with the usual call for international mediation tiresome and, increasingly, undeserving of attention.
Read :   We cannot draw a veil on Kashmir issue: Sharif
It was with the same sense of exasperation that India had called off foreign secretary-level talks over Pakistani ambassador meeting with Hurriyat representatives.
Pakistani expatriates demonstrating outside the UN were not impressed by Sharif either. “Did Nawaz write that speech himself?” asked Kamran Niazi of Connecticut.
Hundreds of Pakistani-Americans, mostly supporters of Imran Khan’s Pakistan Tehreek i Insaf and Tahir-ul-Qadri’s Pakistan Awami Tehrik, demonstrated outside.
Read:  Ahead of Modi visit, US launched probe into India’s trade policies
“He has no right to rule,” said Shahid Wazir of New Jersey, “he stole the election”. He supports Imran Khan — “he got us the world cup and has worked tirelessly for the country”.
“Even Indians like him, don’t they,” said Niazi, adding, “You want a real shot at peace between Pakistan and India — he is the man; he is the leader who can deliver it.”
Sharif? No chance, said a number of the demonstrators.
The MEA spokesperson said there are no plans for Modi to meet Sharif on the sidelines of the UN general assembly, as world leaders do often — not even a pull-aside.
Modi has a few scheduled meetings ahead — Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa, Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina and Nepal’s Prime Minister Sushil Koirala.
But, once again, no Sharif.

Live: Narendra Modi pays homage at 9/11 memorial in New York8:23 am: 
8:23 am: 
7:09 am: Prime Minister Narendra Modi leaves for India after his five-day visit to the US. He said, "Thank you America". "I achieved a lot in these five days. I am going back to India very satisfied."
11:58 pm: Agreed to create energy innovation laboratories in India, also agreed to upgrade our national parks-Vikram Doraiswami: MEA #ModiMeetsObama
11:43 pm: 
11:38 pm: PM Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama pay homage to Martin Luther King Memorial, the leader of African-American Civil Rights Movement: PTI #ModiMeetsObama
11:38 pm: US Vice President Joe Biden: Our ties have grown enormously #ModiMeetsObama
11:34 pm: John Kerry: India, US are two countries who begin Constitution with "We the People". we share the same economic and political imperatives. We want history to remember what PM Modi did for India's development & what Mahatma Gandhi did for its freedom in same breath.
11:30 pm: India-US to work together on disrupting financial & tactical support for LeT, JeM, D-company & Haqqani network. #ModiMeetsObama
11:29 pm: John Kerry: Mr PM, no matter how our warm our welcome here we are not going to be able to top the Madison Square Garden reception. #ModiMeetsObama
11:22 pm: India-US Group to address all implementation issues to speed up deployment of US origin nuclear reactors in India : MEA #ModiMeetsObama
11:08 pm: I have extended an invitation to President Obama and his family to visit India: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
11:07 pm: The issue of climate change is a priority for both India and US: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
11:05 pm: 
11:04 pm: After India-US Summit on Mars, we are meeting here on earth - PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
11:02 pm: We had an open discussion on WTO issue. We support trade facilitation but a solution that takes care of our food security must be found: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:57 pm: US President Obama: I am impressed with how PM Modi is working for the poorest of the poor and revitalising the economy. #ModiMeetsObama
10:56 pm: US President Obama : Discussed trade issues, maritime rules, fight against Islamic State with PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:54 pm: US to cooperate as knowledge partner for India's planned National Defence University. #ModiMeetsObama
10:53 pm: PM Modi: India-US decide to renew Framework Agreement for defence cooperation for further 10 years #ModiMeetsObama
10:52 pm: PM Modi: I sought support fro President Obama for greater access to India's service companies #ModiMeetsObama
10:52 pm: US to be lead partner in developing Allahabad, Ajmer & Vizag as Smart Cities: MEA #ModiMeetsObama
10:51 pm: PM Modi: I want to welcome US defence companies to boost our defence industry #ModiMeetsObama
10:50 pm: We both are committed to helping Afghanistan and improving our coordination in this area: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:50 pm: PM Modi: I look forward to receive Obama and his family in India #ModiMeetsObama
10:48 pm: PM Modi: PM: We shared our concern over Ebola virus crisis #ModiMeetsObama
10:47 pm: We are both serious about resolving issues related to civil nuclear deal, it's important for India's energy security: Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:46 pm: I urged President Obama to take steps whereby our service companies can get access to the American economy: Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:44 pm: We decided to deepen our existing ties with India: US President Barack Obama #ModiMeetsObama
10:44 pm: Glad to meet Obama, thank him for his hospitality: PM Narendra Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:43 pm: We discussed international situation, security issues and Middle East violence and extremism: Obama after meeting Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:39 pm: 
10:20 pm: PM Modi held talks with US President Barack Obama on 'substantive' bilateral, regional and international issues: PTI #ModiMeetsObama
9:59 pm: India and US agree to extend their defence agreement for 10 years, say Pentagon sources: PTI #ModiMeetsObama
9:29 pm: President Obama wants stabilisation in Indo-US relations: Strobe Talbott #ModiMeetsObama
9:28 pm: Modi, Obama both no-nonsense guys, they don't care about ceremonial things: Strobe Talbott #ModiMeetsObama
9:27 pm: Strobe Talbott, President, Brookings Institution: Keen to know if India will back US action against ISIS #ModiMeetsObama
8:43 pm: PM Narendra Modi, US President Barack Obama to issue a joint statement shortly. #ModiMeetsObama
8:34 pm: 
8:29 pm: Prime Minister Narendra Modi reaches White House for bilateral meet with President Barack Obama. #ModiMeetsObama
7:12 pm: 

India: Graft in health care impoverishes millionsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Convicted of sedition and Maoist links  senior journalist Prafulla Jha released after seven years in jailPrint
Express News Service | Raipur | Posted: September 27, 2014 6:33 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 6:45 pm
Veteran journalist Prafulla Jha, who became the first journalist in Chhattisgarh to be convicted of sedition, was freed on Saturday after nearly seven years in jail. He was arrested in January 2008 after a bag full of weapons was recovered from his Raipur home in January 2008.
Subsequently, his son Pratiek Jha was also arrested with six others in what the state police claimed as the “biggest case of urban network of Maoists” in Chhattisgarh.
All eight of them were convicted last July. While three were awarded three-year jail term, Jha and the other four were given seven years in jail. With Jha, another convict Meena Chaudhary was also released today.
They all were held guilty of helping the Maoists in running their operations in urban areas of Chhattisgarh.

Jayalalithaa disproportionate assets case judge: All you wanted to knowE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Violence erupts in Tamil Nadu after Jaya s convictionMembers of AIADMK holding a protest in Coimbatore on Saturday over conviction of the party supremo and Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa by a Bengaluru court in a disproportionate assests case. (Source: PTI)
Chennai | Posted: September 27, 2014 4:35 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 5:43 pm
On Saturday violence broke out in several parts of Tamil Nadu after Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa was convicted in a graft case with angry AIADMK supporters indulging in stone pelting and arson and forcing closure of shops.
Tension prevailed as protesters burnt effigies of DMK President M Karunanidhi, his sons M K Stalin and M K Alagiri and tore party posters in various places including in Chennai and Madurai.
While some protesters pelted stones at the residence of BJP leader Subramanian Swamy, DMK and AIADMK supporters clashed at Gopalapuram here.
A state-owned transport corporation bus was set on fire at Veppur village and some 20 buses damaged in stone-pelting in Cuddalore district, police said.
Stone pelting incidents were reported in Ambattur here, Edapadi in Salem district, Cuddalore and in Srirangam, Jayalalithaa’s assembly constituency, police said.
Shops and commercial establishments downed shutters in various parts of the state. Protesters also damaged two-wheelers parked alongside roads in Madurai, they said.
In Chennai, effigies of DMK leaders were burnt in Poes Garden area.
In Madurai, AIADMK men blocked traffic and asked the shops and business houses to close their units.
Police said some shops were ransacked and stones pelted in Tiruchirapalli and Dindigul. Security personnel in large numbers have been posted to maintain law and order, police said.

Saudi businessmen invited to invest in Telan...Saudi businessmen invited to invest in Telangana
PTI Sep 27, 2014, 06.56PM IST
Tags:
Education
(Telangana has sought investment…)
DUBAI: The newly-formed state of Telangana has sought investment in multiple sectors from Saudi businesses and announced a series of measures and incentives to facilitate and protect the Kingdom's investment.
Saudi businesspeople should invest in Telangana state because there is a wide range of opportunities in education , health and information technology, Mohammed Mahmood Ali , deputy chief minister of Telangana, has said.
"On behalf of my government, I assure Saudis of the full protection of their investments," Ali, who is in the Kingdom to perform Haj, was quoted as saying by the Arab news.
"The erstwhile rulers of Telangana had the best of ties with Saudi Arabia . Our government wants to revive those ties in an effort to regain the golden glory of the past," he said in a reference to the Nizams who ruled the state for nearly 400 years.
He said the state government was in the process of creating special economic zones to attract foreign direct investment, especially from Saudi Arabia.
"India is a rising power and the whole world is looking at us with awe. Now is the time for Saudis to come in, and invest in many sectors," he said, adding that Saudis can invest in infrastructure development, education, health and information technology.
"They can come and build hospitals and colleges, and set up IT and service centers for their industries," he said.
"We are a new state with good infrastructure. We are rich in minerals. Our white polished granite or white marble is famous all over the world. Hyderabad is an IT hub, it has an international airport, and we are in the process of setting up two more international airports in different districts," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

LJP to campaign for BJP-led NDA for Maharashtra polls8
0
New Delhi: Ram Vilas Paswan's LJP may not be one of BJP's allies for Maharashtra Assembly elections, but it has decided to go the extra mile to campaign for the saffron party-led alliance.
The LJP chief is also set to hit the campaign trail in Haryana and Maharashtra to help the BJP, sources said. In a meeting of the party's Central Parliamentary Board headed by Chirag Paswan, it was decided that the party will support the NDA candidates in the Assembly polls.
The meeting also decided that the party will contest panchayat and municipal elections in every state in the country.
The LJP chief is also set to hit the campaign trail in Haryana and Maharashtra to help the BJP, sources said.

Maharashtra CM s resignation accepted by GovernorSep 27, 2014 at 06:00pm IST
Maharashtra CM's resignation accepted by Governor
9
0
Mumbai: Maharashtra Governor C Vidyasagar Rao on Saturday accepted the resignation of Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan and asked him to continue till "alternative arrangements" are made, a statement from the Raj Bhavan said.
Chavan tendered the resignation on Friday after his government was reduced to a minority as the ally NCP withdrew the support.
"The Governor of Maharashtra C Vidyasagar Rao has accepted the resignation of the Chief Minister submitted to him on Friday and has asked him to continue till alternative arrangements are made," the statement said.
Chavan tendered the resignation on Friday after his government was reduced to a minority as the ally NCP withdrew the support.
NCP decided to terminate the 15-year-old alliance with Congress as the talks between the two parties for seat-sharing ahead of the October 15 Assembly polls failed.
0

Girl missing for eight years: Delhi HC seeks police records of case7
1
New Delhi: The Delhi High Court has directed the city police to furnish records relating to an eight-year-old case of suspected kidnapping of a minor girl who has not been traced till date.
A bench of justices S Ravindra Bhat and Vipin Sanghi sought relevant records of the case file pertaining to the FIR lodged in the matter on a plea of the girl's father who has alleged inaction on the part of police in tracing his daughter.
The then 13-year-old girl had gone missing in September 2006 from Budh Nagar, JJ Colony, Inderpuri, and her father Sohan Singh had initially lodged a missing complaint with the local police station.
The then 13-year-old girl had gone missing in September 2006 from Budh Nagar, JJ Colony, Inderpuri, and her father Sohan Singh had initially lodged a missing complaint with the local police station.
#delhi #delhi high court #minor girl #delhi police
Thereafter, he came to know that his daughter was allegedly enticed away by some persons living in that area and so he lodged an FIR under section 363 (kidnapping) of the IPC, the habeas corpus petition filed through advocate SN Parashar said.
In his petition, Singh alleged that despite him providing all the information and addresses of the accused and their associates to police, it "did not make any sincere efforts" to trace his daughter.
"Issue a writ in the nature of habeas corpus or any other writs, orders, directions, whereby directing the respondent (police) to produce the missing daughter of petitioner," the petition has said.
3

Woman gang-raped by relative  six others in Uttar Pradesh9
0
Rampur: A woman was allegedly gang-raped by her daughter's father-in-law and six others at her residence, police said on Saturday.
A complaint was registered against Dinesh along with six others for allegedly raping his son's mother-in-law at Civil Lines police station following the intervention of a court, police said.
The accused had started visiting the residence of his son's in-laws under various pretexts since some time and started making advances towards the mother-in-law, they said.
A woman was allegedly gang-raped by her daughter's father-in-law and six others at her residence, police said on Saturday.
The woman apprised her family of the situation which angered Dinesh, and on August 7 Dinesh and his six accomplices entered the victim's residence when her husband was not present, they added.
They raped the woman and threatened to kill her and her 10-year-old daughter, police said.
The accused who were brandishing firearms, also made an obscene video of the act and looted her ornaments.
The victim had solemnised the marriage of her daughter with Dinesh's son, a resident of Gangapur Kadeem under Kemiri police station, they said.
4

GSLV MK III will make India self-reliant in space: Scientist15
0
Thiruvananthapuram: India does not need to rely on foreign countries for launching heavier communication satellites once its experimental mission of GSLV Mark III tasted success, Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre (VSSC) Director M Chandra Dathan on Saturday said.
"The GSLV Mark III, scheduled to be launched in November first week, will carry four tonne class of communication satellites and it will help India achieve self-reliance in this," he said.
He was attending a felicitation ceremony organised by the Press Club to honour a group of scientists of VSSC here, which played a significant role in the Mars mission. He said the country had been launching heavy communication satellites from French Guiana (through Arianespace) at present and once the
"The GSLV Mark III, scheduled to be launched in November first week, will carry four tonne class of communication satellites and it will help India achieve self-reliance in this," VSSC Director M Chandra Dathan said.
#gslv mk iii #india #vikram sarabhai space centre #m chandra dathan
experimental mission was a success there was no need to depend on them.
On other post-Mars Orbiter Mission projects of ISRO, he said the launching of PSLV-C26, which would carry IRNSS 1C satellite, had been scheduled on October 10 from Sriharikota. It was the third in the IRNSS series and four more satellites were under plans, he said.
"With the launching of all seven in the IRNSS series, we can achieve self-reliance in the field of navigation,"he said. Stating that ISRO's programmes for the next 25 years were well defined, he said Chandrayaan 2 and
Solar Mission were also among the major projects in the offing.
"We are launching more navigation and communication satellites as they can bring immediate results. But, we need space missions like MOM also to study about this
universe, formation of planets and so on. Otherwise we will become nothing in front of developed countries. It is already too late," he said.
Dathan also hailed Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his hearty and inspirational support which he extended to the ISRO scientists during the MOM insertion.
29

Orphaned by floods  four Assam kids now head for SOS villageAltogether 37 persons have died in the Assam floods in the past six days, twelve of them in the Boko revenue circle in Kamrup district.
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 27, 2014 7:25 pm
Four little children who just managed to survive after being almost washed away by the unprecedented flash floods that devastated Kamrup district in lower Assam last week, but were orphaned, have found a new leash of life. The four – Nayan (13), Namita (8), Rupam (13) and Bhanita (8) – are being shifted to an SOS Village near here next week.
Students of Class VII and III respectively, Nayan and Namita were living with mother Ahalya Kumari in village Belpara after her husband Ananda Kumar had died of illness five years ago. Last Monday, when flash floods coming down from the hills of the adjoining North Garo Hills district of Meghalaya, washed their thatch-and-bamboo house away, their mother Ahalya Kumari also went missing.
It was only two days later that her decomposed body was fished out from a paddy field about two kms away after the flood-waters considerably receded. By then some villagers had managed to rescue little Nayan and Namita and put them into a safer place on the National Highway that passes by the area.
As thatch-and-bamboo houses of the poor farmers of Belpara got washed away, the gushing waves of the Boko and Singra rivers also turned two other children orphans, they being Rupam (13) and Bhanita (8). Bodies of their parents Padma Kumar and Babita Kumari were fished out three days later. Altogether 37 persons have died in the Assam floods in the past six days, twelve of them in the Boko revenue circle in Kamrup district. Belpara incidentally is under Boko Circle in Kamrup, and Boko is the only ISO-9000 certified  revenue circle in the entire country.
“Students of the Nabapara Primary School that itself requires to be rebuilt after the floods only left behind six pillars of what used to be a school till one week ago, Nayan, Namita, Rupam and Bhanita are being soon shifted to the SOS Village at Azara on the outskirts of Guwahati,” Rakhi Chakraborty, a special officer attached to Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi, told The Indian Express today.
Though there was some initial resistance from relatives, an elder member of the extended Kumar family prevailed upon the others and made them agree to send the children off, Chakraborty said  The four children of Belpara will be formally shifted next week after the death rituals of their parents were over.
Chakraborty, who has visited the devastated Belpara village twice in the past three days said the four children are keen on pursuing studies, and have been convinced that they would lead better and continued…

Jayalalithaa convicted in DA case  gets 4 years in jail  Rs 100 cr fine; to step down as Tamil Nadu CMThe 66-year-old AIADMK supremo has been slapped with a fine of Rs 100 crore, highest imposed on any politician.
Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: September 27, 2014 6:54 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 11:13 am
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister   J Jayalalithaa  was on Saturday convicted under the Prevention of Corruption Act and sentenced to four years in prison for accumulating wealth disproportionate to her known sources of income in  18-year-old corruption case .
The special court judge, John Michael Cunha, also imposed a hefty Rs 100-crore fine on Jayalalithaa. Three other persons who were accused in the case — friend V K Sasikala, Sasikala’s nephew V N Sudhakaran and sister-in-law J Illavarasi — were also sentenced to four years of simple imprisonment for being co-conspirators in the acquisition of Rs 53.64 crore of disproportionate assets between 1991 and 1996. Fines of Rs 10 crore each were imposed on the three co-accused.
Jayalalithaa, 66, was sent to Bangalore central prison after the judgment but was later shifted to Shri Jayadeva Institute of Cardiology after a medical check in jail. She had produced before the judge medical certificates from the Apollo Hospital in Chennai, claiming to be suffering from Type 2 diabetes, hypertension and heart problem.
In his 1000-page judgment, Cunha stated that the prosecution had proved beyond doubt that the accused had acquired the assets worth Rs 53.64 crore unlawfully. The prosecution had claimed that assets worth Rs 66.65 crore had been acquired by Jayalalithaa and the co-accused.
 
Jayalalithaa and the others have also been found guilty of criminal conspiracy and have been sentenced on this account to six month in prison.
Lawyers for Jayalalithaa said they were attempting to move the Karnataka high court to seek a stay on the conviction to enable her to continue as chief minister and to stay out of prison. The high court is on vacation and a special bench is likely to be approached on Monday.
In a statement ahead of her sentencing, Jayalalithaa appealed for leniency, claiming that the case against her was politically motivated and foisted on her by political rivals 18 years ago. She sought a lenient sentence on the grounds that she was suffering from illnesses and stress.
The judgment came amid tight security, including prohibitory orders in a 2km radius around the special court’s premises. As many as 29 ministers from Jayalalithaa’s cabinet and several members of parliament waited outside the court in a special tent raised by the Bangalore police.
As Jayalalithaa was being taken away to prison several of them started crying “Amma, Amma!’’. A minor scene was created when the CM and Sasikala locked themselves in their car and continued…

Jayalalithaa’s conviction a rude shock for partymenPress Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: September 27, 2014 6:41 pm
The conviction of AIADMK supremo and Tamil Nadu Chief Minister, J Jayalalithaa has come as a rude shock to the ruling party, casting a doubt over her political future ahead of the 2016 assembly polls.
Jayalalithaa has earned the dubious distinction of becoming the first sitting Chief Minister in the country to be found guilty under Prevention of Corruption Act and is facing the prospects of being disqualified as MLA and losing power.
While a pall of gloom descended at the AIADMK headquarters at Royapettah, with some angry workers burning effigies of DMK leaders, the rivals celebrated Jayalalithaa’s conviction as scores of DMK workers thronged the headquarters Arivalayam as well as Karunanidhi’s residence.
The special court’s verdict pronouncing their leader ‘Amma’ (Mother, as she is addressed by supporters) guilty crushed the die-hard AIADMK supporters’ hope of her emerging unscathed in this case that was hanging over her head like the Damocles sword.
She had to step down as Chief Minister in 2001 when the Supreme Court observed that she cannot hold office, as she was earlier sentenced in two corruption cases in 2000, which, however, later she was set aside.
Saturday’s verdict has come as a jolt to the ruling AIADMK as it had been enjoying a winning spree in all elections held since April 2011, when the party trounced DMK.
The party had put up a stellar performance in the Lok Sabha polls this year, winning 37 of the 39 states in the state, though its hopes of a pivot role in the Centre failed with the BJP mustering majority on its own.
However, there is no threat to the party government as AIADMK has a solid majority of 150 seats in the 234-member Assembly.
She had been acquitted in several other cases filed during the DMK regime.
After the apex court’s observation in 2001 that she cannot continue in office, Jayalalithaa had made her loyal aide and then not-so-known face O Panneerselvam as her successor to power.
After getting absolved of the charges in the Madras High Court, she had contested from Andipatti constituency and became the Chief Minister again in 2002.
Panneerselvam is also one of the names presently doing the rounds in AIADMK circles as one of the probables to take over as the next Chief Minister if Jayalalithaa has to resign.
The others being Transport Minister V Senthil Balaji and Electricity Minister Natham R Viswanathan and even former Chief Secretary and Consultant to the state government, Sheela Balakrishnan.

Odisha’s wishlist for Padma awards: Patnaik’s government sends recommendations to Home Ministry* Odissi dance guru Durga Charan Ranbir
* Tie and dye artist Sarat Kumar Patra(Art)
* Pattachitra artiste Bijay Kumar Parida(Art)
* Singer Prafulla Kar(Art)
* Painter Dinanath Pathy(Art, literature and culture)
* Former IAS officer and writer Rajendra Kishore Panda(literature)
* Pattachitra artiste Bhramarabar Nayak
* Filmmaker and parallel-cinema actor Sadhu Meher(cinema)
* Odissi dancer and late Odissi dancer guru Kelucharan Mohapatra’s daughter-in-law Sujata Mohapatra
* Neurosurgeon and director of Bhubaneswar AIIMS Ashok Mohapatra(medicine)
* Developmental economist and emeritus professor in University of California Prashant Patnaik
* Economist and former professor in JNU’s Centre for Economic Studies and Planning Prabhat Patnaik
* Former vice chancellor of Pune’s Defence Institute of Advanced Technology prof Lalit Mohan Patnaik
* Odissi dancer Aruna Mohanty
* Educationist Jaydev Mishra and differently abled persons activist Sruti Mohapatra.The wall hanging in CM Naveen      Patnaik’s office was made by Patra.
For Padmabhusan award, the state government has recommended:
* Linguist Debi Prasanna Patnaik
* Eminent poet and playwright and former IAS officer Jagannath Prasad Das
* Odissi classical singer Sunanda Patnaik
* Renowned bilingual writer Manoj Das
* Jnanpith award winner Prativa Ray
Pondicherry-based Manoj Das was awarded the Padmashri in 2001 while Pratibha Ray was awarded the same in 2007. Early this year, Professor Patnaik was instrumental in getting Odia the status of a classical language, the sixth in the country.

No need to politicise Modi’s US visit  says DigvijayaThe Congress stalwart rejected the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government's claim that Madhya Pradesh has achieved 25 per cent growth rate in agriculture sector. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Bhopal | Posted: September 27, 2014 6:20 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 6:40 pm
On Saturday Senior Congress leader Digvijaya Singh expressed hope that Prime Minister Narendra Modi will put forth with full vigour issues related to India in the United Nations and cautioned against politicising his much publicised visit to the US.
“This is not the time to do politics on the issue of Modi’s US trip as he has gone there to address the United Nations General Assembly as India’s representative.
“He will put forth issues related to India with full vigour,” the Congress general secretary told reporters when asked to comment on the hype around Modi’s trip to America.
Asked about Shiv Sena-BJP and Congress-NCP alliances breaking up in Maharashtra, Singh said, “These days personal ambitions have overshadowed political ideologies of the people and this is not a good sign for the country.”
On former Madhya Pradesh minister and senior Congress leader Narendra Nahta leaving the party, Singh said “not only he (Narendra) but even his father had served the party for a long time. I will speak to him on the issue.”
However, the former Chief Minister maintained those who don’t have faith in Congress ideology are free to leave.
Asked to comment on the upcoming Global Investors Meet organised by MP’s BJP government, the Rajya Sabha member said such events hardly serve any purpose.
“This government has a habit of organising ‘mahotsavs’ (grand festivals). It (the investors meet) will not serve the state’s interest but only that of BJP leaders and government officials,” he said.
The Congress stalwart rejected the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government’s claim that Madhya Pradesh has achieved 25 per cent growth rate in agriculture sector.
On one hand the BJP government says crops had been badly damaged due to hailstorm and other natural calamities and on the other hand it is talking about 25 per cent growth. How is it possible? he asked.

Prime Minister Narendra Modi pays homage to 9/11 terror attack victimsPrint
Written by Ritu Sarin | New York | Posted: September 27, 2014 6:02 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 1:06 am
Sending the message that India and the United States are allies in their fight against terrorism, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday visited the 9/11 memorial and paid tribute to the 3,000 victims of the worst terrorist atrocity in America’s history.
Modi began  second day   of his packed   US visit  at Ground Zero in lower Manhattan, where the two towers of the World Trade Center were destroyed in 2001 and where the memorial was opened in May this year.
Dressed in sober white and grey, Modi placed five rose buds, one of them on slab number N-37, where the names of nine Indian victims are inscribed close together. In all, 40 Indians died at the site on September 11, 2001.
The PM also placed a wreath at another symbolic spot near the memorial — in front of a lush green pear tree called the “survivor”. Following the horrors of the 9/11 attack, the tree was charred and reduced to a stump but once the rubble and debris were removed, a single green leaf was found growing on it. The tree was magically nurtured back to good health and replanted at ground zero as a symbol of human will to survive and revive.
The PM’s visit to the memorial assumes added significance in the context of a push for greater India-US cooperation in the fight against global terrorism. America embassy officials had told The Indian Express on Friday that “terror” was high on the agenda for the summit talks between Modi and President Obama on Monday and Tuesday.
Earlier at the morning’s first official meeting with New York Mayor Bill de Blasio, issues related to large cities, especially common threats of terror, policing, public housing and crowd management in the events like “Kumbh Mela” were discussed.
“The PM wanted to understand what are the issues that he (de Blasio) faces, because he is keen on trying to rejuvenate our urban spaces,” External Affairs Ministry spokesman Syed Akbaruddin said. Discussions were focused on matters related to public housing, he said, adding that New York City is planning to build some half a million houses in 10 years.
The PM, he said, was also keen to understand the security steps taken by the city following 9/11. “There was a fairly detailed discussion on this. In this context they also discussed common threats faced by big cities in terms of terror threats,” he said.
 

IIPM cannot call itself management institute: Delhi HCComments
Indian Institute of Planning and Management (IIPM) run by Arindam Chaudhuri can no longer use terms such as MBA, BBA or management course for the courses it offers. The Delhi high court on Friday restrained it from even calling itself management school, business school or B-school.
Taking a tough stance against the institute, which has long been embroiled in controversy over its recognition by the higher education regulators here, the HC directed it to prominently display on their website that they are not recognized by any statutory body or authority in India.
Chaudhuri denied IIPM ever claimed to have offered MBA or BBA courses. “We have already told the court that we don’t want to call ourselves an institute proving management courses. We teach planning and entrepreneurship,” Chaudhuri told HT.
“We will challenge the order before higher court,” Chaudhuri said.
The HC order came on a PIL alleging that IIPM was “misleading, cheating and exploiting students” by fraudulently using “MBA or BBA” in prospectus and official website as courses offered by it.
Though IIPM claimed to have recognition from a foreign Management Institute namely IMI, Belgium, the HC noted it was “cleverly concealing” from potential students that the foreign institute was “nothing but an alter ego or another face of IIPM.”
The court noted AICTE’s submission that its prior approval was compulsory and mandatory for conduct of a technical course including the MBA or management course.
The regulatory body had said that the activities being run by IIPM was clearly an attempt to offer MBA programmes by bypassing the statutory requirement of seeking prior approval of AICTE. IIPM’s name continues to feature on list of unapproved institutions on AICTE website.
In November last year, UGC had found the advertisement issued by IIPM to be having the potential to mislead the students and public at large and had asked it to stop the practice of issuing such “dubious advertisements to attract students deceptively.”

Arey... she`s not in jail.. doubt she`ll even go there.. but if at al...Platinum Member
459 Followers
as per news reports she is in custody at least. jail is a matter of time. the sentence is also given. until there is an appeal and bail, she will have to remain in custody.
i believe the flag is taken off from her car. that is a clear indication of things to come. Subramaniam Swamy is the hero of India. After he got his dues from IIT Delhi  and conviction of JJ, let us watch out the next one on National Herald where Sonia Maino and Raul Vinci are the accused beneficiaries. They apparently collected rent for the premises(we need proof for this, may be SS already got the proof). Great effort. AND he is the villain in Chennai ? Why guys ? Mercy on him... he has not done anything wrong. If at all, he did everything right as far as these cases go.
JJ conviction comes at a time when NaMo is in US. Was his trip planned to be that way?
8.34 PM Sep 27th

Not only maran brs including d ammal whole dmk familyactually i dont want write politics here.
because it is not politics board, i know.
but no other way to give reply for other one or two guys.
i am in many other counters like ashok lexland - ptc finance - morepen - dr datson - udaipur cement - shiva - texrail - nhpc - ttml - munjal - motherson & many more ,there is no politics
4.32 PM Sep 28th

Due to the ccd for next 18 months  the additional equity will not come...Platinum Member
38 Followers
Due to the CCD for next 18 months, the additional equity will not come in market. The scrip is already highly undervalued considering the entire markets. I have target of 230 before Dec. 2014 - My target for Indian Hotels is Rs 230 for the short term with a stoploss of Rs 80
8.02 PM Sep 27th

Dear green i earned more than 4k in vijaya bank.bro use ur own logic f...Silver Member
16 Followers
Dear Green i earned more than 4k in vijaya bank.bro use ur own logic,first try to understand the things...market movement..instead of intraday first try short term trading....buy n forget capital first around 300...315 u ll recover ur loss.
all d best!!!

Live: PM Narendra Modi set to address UNGA  may reply to Nawaz Sharif s Kashmir remark8:23 am: 
8:23 am: 
7:09 am: Prime Minister Narendra Modi leaves for India after his five-day visit to the US. He said, "Thank you America". "I achieved a lot in these five days. I am going back to India very satisfied."
11:58 pm: Agreed to create energy innovation laboratories in India, also agreed to upgrade our national parks-Vikram Doraiswami: MEA #ModiMeetsObama
11:43 pm: 
11:38 pm: PM Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama pay homage to Martin Luther King Memorial, the leader of African-American Civil Rights Movement: PTI #ModiMeetsObama
11:38 pm: US Vice President Joe Biden: Our ties have grown enormously #ModiMeetsObama
11:34 pm: John Kerry: India, US are two countries who begin Constitution with "We the People". we share the same economic and political imperatives. We want history to remember what PM Modi did for India's development & what Mahatma Gandhi did for its freedom in same breath.
11:30 pm: India-US to work together on disrupting financial & tactical support for LeT, JeM, D-company & Haqqani network. #ModiMeetsObama
11:29 pm: John Kerry: Mr PM, no matter how our warm our welcome here we are not going to be able to top the Madison Square Garden reception. #ModiMeetsObama
11:22 pm: India-US Group to address all implementation issues to speed up deployment of US origin nuclear reactors in India : MEA #ModiMeetsObama
11:08 pm: I have extended an invitation to President Obama and his family to visit India: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
11:07 pm: The issue of climate change is a priority for both India and US: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
11:05 pm: 
11:04 pm: After India-US Summit on Mars, we are meeting here on earth - PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
11:02 pm: We had an open discussion on WTO issue. We support trade facilitation but a solution that takes care of our food security must be found: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:57 pm: US President Obama: I am impressed with how PM Modi is working for the poorest of the poor and revitalising the economy. #ModiMeetsObama
10:56 pm: US President Obama : Discussed trade issues, maritime rules, fight against Islamic State with PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:54 pm: US to cooperate as knowledge partner for India's planned National Defence University. #ModiMeetsObama
10:53 pm: PM Modi: India-US decide to renew Framework Agreement for defence cooperation for further 10 years #ModiMeetsObama
10:52 pm: PM Modi: I sought support fro President Obama for greater access to India's service companies #ModiMeetsObama
10:52 pm: US to be lead partner in developing Allahabad, Ajmer & Vizag as Smart Cities: MEA #ModiMeetsObama
10:51 pm: PM Modi: I want to welcome US defence companies to boost our defence industry #ModiMeetsObama
10:50 pm: We both are committed to helping Afghanistan and improving our coordination in this area: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:50 pm: PM Modi: I look forward to receive Obama and his family in India #ModiMeetsObama
10:48 pm: PM Modi: PM: We shared our concern over Ebola virus crisis #ModiMeetsObama
10:47 pm: We are both serious about resolving issues related to civil nuclear deal, it's important for India's energy security: Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:46 pm: I urged President Obama to take steps whereby our service companies can get access to the American economy: Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:44 pm: We decided to deepen our existing ties with India: US President Barack Obama #ModiMeetsObama
10:44 pm: Glad to meet Obama, thank him for his hospitality: PM Narendra Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:43 pm: We discussed international situation, security issues and Middle East violence and extremism: Obama after meeting Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:39 pm: 
10:20 pm: PM Modi held talks with US President Barack Obama on 'substantive' bilateral, regional and international issues: PTI #ModiMeetsObama
9:59 pm: India and US agree to extend their defence agreement for 10 years, say Pentagon sources: PTI #ModiMeetsObama
9:29 pm: President Obama wants stabilisation in Indo-US relations: Strobe Talbott #ModiMeetsObama
9:28 pm: Modi, Obama both no-nonsense guys, they don't care about ceremonial things: Strobe Talbott #ModiMeetsObama
9:27 pm: Strobe Talbott, President, Brookings Institution: Keen to know if India will back US action against ISIS #ModiMeetsObama
8:43 pm: PM Narendra Modi, US President Barack Obama to issue a joint statement shortly. #ModiMeetsObama
8:34 pm: 
8:29 pm: Prime Minister Narendra Modi reaches White House for bilateral meet with President Barack Obama. #ModiMeetsObama
7:12 pm: 

Asian Games 2014 Day 8 Blog LIVE: India add one gold  three bronzes to tally archers and shooters impressSarita Devi won easily against her North Korean opponent. (Source: PTI File)
Express News Service | Posted: September 27, 2014 10:38 am | Updated: September 27, 2014 8:19 pm
BOXING: Mandeep Jangra enters quarters in men’s 69kg category
ATHLETICS: India clinch silver and bronze in women’s 3000m steeplechase after Lalita Shivaji Babar & Sudha Singh finished 2nd & 3rd (revised)
WRESTLING: Vinesh Phogat and Geetika Jhakar win BRONZE in their respective categories.
SQUASH: Indian men’s squash team wins the GOLD medal in the team event.
HOCKEY: India beat China 2-0 to reach the semifinals of men’s hockey.
TENNIS: Sanam-Myneni beat Taipei’s Chien/Hsien 6-2, 7-6 to reach semis in the men’s doubles, another bronze assured.
BOXING: India’s Pooja Rani defeats Mongolia’s Erdenesoyol to reach quarterfinals of women’s middleweight boxing.
SQUASH: India is now leading 1-0 against Malaysia in three match series in men’s team event as Harinder Pal Singh Sandhu wins 1st match 11-8, 11-6, 8-11, 11-4.
TENNIS: Yuki/Sharan beat Taipei’s Wang/Lee 7-5, 7-6 to reach semifinals bronze assured.
BOXING: Sarita Devi beats North Korea’s Chungson in the women’s lightweight category.
ARCHERY: India’s Abhishek Verma settles for silver in men’s compound individual.
WRESTLING:  India’s Vinesh Phogat loses out to Japan’s Eri Tosaka in women’s 48kg freestyle semifinals &  Geetika Jakhar beaten by China’s Zhuoma Xiluo in women’s 63 kg freestyle semifinals.
TENNIS: Sania Mirza/Prarthana Thombare beat Nicha/Peangtarn of Thailand 6-1, 7-6 to reach semis. Another Bronze assured.
ARCHERY: Abhishek Verma beats Malaysia’s Mahazan to eneter gold medal match in men’s compound individual archery.
BOXING: Mary Kom beats Korea’s Kim Yeji in the women’s flyweight boxing.
ARCHERY: Trisha Deb beats Taipei’s H Jou 138-134, wins BRONZE in women’s compound individual archery.
SQUASH: India settle for silver in women’s team squash after losing to Malaysia 0-2.
Shooting: Chain Singh wins shooting BRONZE in Men’s 50m Rifle 3 Positions event.
Tennis (Men’s Singles): Yuki Bhambri beats Danai Udamchoke of Thailand 6-3, 6-2 to enter semi finals. Assures another Bronze for India.
Archers strike GOLD : Indian trio of Sandeep Kumar, Rajat Chauhan and Abhishek Verma beat hosts South Korea in the final of the men’s team compound archery final. India’s second Gold at Incheon.
Day 7 Recap
Not all quiet on waterfront for Sandeep Sejwal : The Delhiite said his performance at the Tae-Hwan Aquatics Centre didn’t come out of the blue, at least for him.

Asian Games 2014: Not all quiet on waterfront for Sandeep SejwalIndia's Sandeep Sejwal competes in the men's 50m breaststroke final swimming competition in Incheon on Friday.(Source: Reuters)
Written by Mihir Vasavda | Incheon | Posted: September 27, 2014 1:50 am | Updated: September 27, 2014 10:01 am
The few patrons inside the McDonalds at Songdo, an uptown district of Incheon, watched in amusement as a young man walked in. The affable guy at the counter fumbled for words, his eyes transfixed on a piece of metal hanging from the man’s neck as he hurriedly placed the order.
Sandeep Sejwal found himself a table in a quiet corner and feasted on a couple of quarter-pounders. The motley crowd inside trained their flashy smartphones at him, clicking pictures of an unknown man who was gorging on burgers while fiddling with his bronze medal. Sejwal loves his burgers. But he loves swimming much more.
Just an hour ago, he had scripted history in the pool. On a day when most Indians were following the fortunes of the shuttlers and the archers, the 25-year-old from Delhi became only the ninth Indian to win a medal at Asian Games swimming. Only the third, if you don’t count the under-represented first edition in 1951. Even though a bronze, Sejwal’s swim in 28.26 seconds to make a surprise podium appearance in the 50m breaststroke will remain a high point in India’s medal haul in Incheon.
The breakthrough
Before 2010, India had not won a single swimming medal at the Asian Games for 24 years. Now, they have two in the last two. Virdhawal Khade ended the long draught by winning the 50m butterfly bronze four years ago in Guangzhou and now Sejwal.
The Delhiite said his performance at the Munhak Park Tae-Hwan Aquatics Centre didn’t come out of the blue, at least for him. It was a ‘culmination of eight years of hard work.’ When he took his position on the edge of the pool, Sejwal said all those sacrifices flashed before his eyes.
“I have trained very hard to win a medal at the Games. I thought if I don’t win today(on Friday), then everything would be a waste of time. That’s what I told myself before the race, just don’t waste the previous eight years of your life,” he said.
It wasn’t a perfect race but it certainly was enough. For the first 40m, Sejwal even led the young field that boasted of several quick swimmers. However, he lost balance in the last three strokes, and the slight hiccup cost him a medal of better colour. Sejwal was 0.48 behind gold medallist Dmitriy Balandin of Kazakhstan, who set the Games Record with a timing of 27.78. “Had I clocked my personal best (27.84sec), I would have been very close to winning the gold medal,” he said.
But Sejwal isn’t complaining. His swimming career has come a full circle. Two years ago, he was rejected from the Indian team for the London Olympics despite winning his qualification quota. His career was at the crossroads after achieving no continued…
I have trained very hard to win a medal at the Games. I thought if I don’t win today(on Friday), then everything would be a waste of time

Vohra- Sehwag show sinks Northern KnightsMan-of-the-match Vohra plays a cover drive on his way to 32-ball-65. (Source: PTI)
Written by Tashi Lundup | Mohali | Posted: September 27, 2014 1:44 am | Updated: September 27, 2014 10:03 am
As a batsman, it is hard to steal your share of the limelight when Virender Sehwag is batting at the other end. On Friday, though, young Manan Vohra completely overshadowed the veteran. And Sehwag didn’t seem to mind it one bit.
Not only did the local boy outscore the senior pro when the two were out in the middle but his blistering 32-ball 65 also more or less sealed Kings XI Punjab’s crushing win over Northern Knights by 120 runs. Sehwag too chipped in with a half-century once Vohra was dismissed, ensuring that the Punjab side registered their third win on a trot, thus inching ever so close to sealing a semi-final berth in their debut CLT20 campaign. Knights won the toss and asked KXIP to bat first.
The home team, that had won their previous two matches while chasing, got off to a blistering start thanks to Vohra, who took the charge and smashed two boundaries off Trent Boult in the opening over. It set the tone for the team. The Kiwi unit were banking on their new-ball bowlers to provide them the breakthrough, but were soon scampering for cover as the KXIP openers, especially Vohra, collared them all over the ground. As the KXIP innings progressed, Vohra grew in confidence with his powerful batting, sending the ball into orbit numerous times.
While Punjab took 29 balls to reach 50, they needed just 21 more balls to cross the 100-mark, which was their first opening century partnership of the tournament. Off the 102-run partnership between Sehwag and Vohra, the latter came up with a dominant display and contributed 65 runs. Even though the run rate never dipped below ten, Ish Sodhi did manage to bring the smiles back in the Knights dugout by sending Vohra back in his second over. Vohra miscued an attempt at a third straight six and holed out at long-on.
Sehwag also fell after completing his fifty as Nothern Knights clawed back into the match. However, some lusty hitting by David Miller and skipper George Bailey ensured the team crossed the 200 mark. In the end, they didn’t even need half that score. Knights were never in the hunt as they were all out for 95 in 15.2 overs. Kane Williamson, their batting mainstay, returned to the dugout after scoring 20 runs.
Brief Scores: Kings XI Punjab: 215 for 5 (Vohra 65, Sehwag 52, Miller 40*) beat Northern Knights: 95 (Karanveer 4-15) by 120 runs
Cobras win thriller
In the first game, Cape Cobras off-spinner Sybrand Engelbrecht emerged the unlikely hero as they kept their hopes of qualifying for the semis alive by beating Barbados Tridents in the Super Over. Needing 12 runs to win, Sybrand bowled a tight over and conceded 10 to send his teammates into raptures. Sybrand had earlier forced a tie when he scored two off the last delivery . Tridents, batting first, overcame continued…

Rohit Sharma likely to miss ODI series against West IndiesAfter fracturing the middle finger of his right hand after the second ODI in England Rohit will take at least four weeks to recover fully. (Source: AP)
Written by Devendra Pandey | Mumbai | Posted: September 27, 2014 1:47 am | Updated: October 10, 2014 5:03 pm
India opener Rohit Sharma is doubtful for the forthcoming ODI series against West Indies, which begins with the first game at Kochi on October 8. Sources in the
said that the Mumbai batsman, who is recovering after fracturing the middle finger of his right hand after the second ODI in England, will take at least four weeks to recover fully.
Sharma underwent an operation a few days ago and doctors have advised him a further period of rest.
“He is doubtful for the West Indies series as he will take another four-five weeks to recover. Our physiotherapists are monitoring his progress. And we are hoping he will be available for the Test series which will start in October,” a top BCCI official said.
The BCCI senior selection committee is likely to meet after first practice game to be played at the Brabourne Stadium, Mumbai, on October 3.
Murali Vijay might be picked as a back up opener. However, in Sharma’s absence, India is likely to go with in-form Ajinkya Rahane at the top, alongwith Shikhar Dhawan. Rahane made 106 while opening the innings in the fourth ODI in Edgbastaon.

Modi gets down to business; meets New York mayor  Nobel laureateModi gets down to business; meets New York mayor, Nobel laureate
Agencies  New York, September 27, 2014
First Published: 12:44 IST(27/9/2014) | Last Updated: 18:05 IST(27/9/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi got down to business on Friday as he began his five-day visit to the US by meeting New York mayor Bill de Blasio over urban issues and discussing health matters with Nobel laureate oncologist Harold Varmus.
Before that in a rare gesture, Modi briefly stepped out of his convoy to greet cheering Indians who had gathered outside his hotel to welcome him on his arrival to the US.
Watch: Modi gets grand welcome at New York hotel
As Modi plunged into the crowd of fans to respond to their warm welcome of chants of "Modi", "Modi" and placards greeting him with different messages outside his hotel, the Prime Minister left the security officials in New York scurrying after him.
Modi greeted everyone with a namaste and also waved at the crowd, while walking across them outside the barricade of the enclosure.
Modi's disregard for security was in contrast to New York City's security consciousness.
He then walked inside the New York Palace Hotel in Manhattan where he will be staying till September 29 before moving to Washington.
Focus on urban rejuvenation
Modi, in his first official engagement after arriving in New York, met the city's mayor during which the issues related to large cities, especially common threats of terror, policing, public housing and crowd management in the events like the Kumbh mela were discussed.
The meeting was also aimed at understanding how the New York Police metamorphosed after the 9/11 terror attacks in which over 3,000 people were killed and landmark twin towers of World Trade Center were destroyed.
"The Prime Minister wanted to understand what are the issues that he faces, because he is extremely keen on trying to rejuvenate our urban spaces too," ministry of external affairs spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin told reporters.
He added that crowd management in big cities and at big events like Kumbh mela were also discussed to understand the practices adopted by the New York city government.
Discussions were focused on matters related to public housing, he said, adding that New York City is planning to build some half a million houses in 10 years.
In his meeting with the New York Mayor, discussion also focused on issues related to steps taken to improve the quality of life in New York and in this regard the anti- smoking laws in both the countries also figured.
The Prime Minister, he said, was also keen to understand the security steps taken by the city following 9/11.
"There was a fairly detailed discussion on this. In this context they also discussed common threats faced by big cities in terms of terror threats," Akbaruddin said.
Prime Minister also referred to how New York City could assist Indian cities in handling large crowd, he said.
"Of course the Mayor did understand the magnitude in terms of large gatherings, far exceeded what they were handling for example India's Kumbh mela. The meeting lasted for about half an hour," he added.
Health matters
Modi also had a meeting with Nobel laureate and eminent cancer specialist Professor Varmus and invited him to visit India to assist in health and public care research.
During his 30-minute interaction with Modi, the two discussed a wide range of public health care issues, including those related to cancer research, vaccine and possibilities of research in India.
"The Prime Minister invited him to visit India on a regular basis. The professor congratulated Modi on the laws in India on anti-smoking," the MEA spokesperson told reporters.
Interestingly, 74-year-old Varmus, who is the director of the US National cancer Institute, did his apprenticeship in a mission hospital in Bareilly in the 1960s.
He received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the cellular origin of retroviral oncogenes in 1989.
Packed schedule
On Saturday, Modi will address the UN, visit the 9/11 memorial and meet UN secretary general Ban Ki-Moon and at least two heads of state, Sri Lanka's Mahinda Rajapaksa and Bangladesh's Sheikh Hasina.
Sunday will be dedicated mostly to meetings with the Indian American community, including the event at the iconic Madison Square Garden, and global CEOs.
Modi will meet Obama for the first time — they have only spoken on phone so far — on Monday over dinner at the White House and again for bilateral talks the next day.
They will discuss an entire range of issues but also, importantly, try to build a personal rapport while sharing their visions for the two countries.
His discussions with Obama will cover issues from trade, defence and security issues to India’s economic growth, climate change and current international challenges such as ISIS.
 

GMR Says Coal Block Cancellation Order Not to Impact itYou are here: Home Corporates
GMR Says Coal Block Cancellation Order Not to Impact it
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 26, 2014 21:30 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Hyderabad: GMR Infrastructure Ltd on Friday said the recent Supreme Court judgement cancelling 214 coal blocks allocations will not have any negative impact on it.
The company said in a filing with bourses that a coal mine block known as 'Rampia' in Odisha - where GMR Group is one among the six shareholders - also stands cancelled.
"GMR Group has not made any significant investment and no borrowing was made for the development of Rampia Coal Block. We are of the opinion that the current SC (Supreme Court) order will not have any negative impact on GMR Kamalanga Energy or GMR Group," it said.
The Supreme Court on Wednesday cancelled 214 coal blocks allocations, of the total 218, allotted to power, steel and mining companies since 1993.
The Rampia mine was allotted to GMR Energy Ltd and intended to feed coal towards 550 MW of power generation at GMR Kamalanga Energy Ltd (GKEL). However, the mine could not be developed for various reasons beyond the control of the developers, GMR said.
In addition to the FSA with Coal India, GKEL also has a Firm linkage of Coal Supplies for 500 MW, assuring fuel linkage to Kamalanga Thermal Power Plant to its full capacity.
Total plant capacity is 1,400 MW, and currently, 1,050 MW is operational.
Shares in GMR Infra, on Friday, ended at Rs 19.30 apiece on the BSE, up 3.49 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: September 26, 2014 20:37 (IST)

This Billionaire Pledges Three-Fourth of His Wealth to CharitySebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Anil Agarwal, the billionaire controller of Vedanta Resources Plc, announced late on Thursday that he and his family had agreed to give 75 per cent of their wealth to charity.
Mr Agarwal, a one-time scrap metal dealer, made the announcement at an event in London to celebrate the 10-year anniversary of Vedanta's listing on the London Stock Exchange.
He told Reuters he would keep his stake in the mining company for now but might ultimately divest it.
"We have decided we have to give back to society," he said on the sidelines of the Vedanta event.
Forbes estimated that the 61-year-old Indian entrepreneur has a net worth of $3.5 billion (Rs 21,000 crore at 1 dollar = 60 rupees).
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: September 26, 2014 20:43 (IST)

Can Bitcoin Help Stop Flow of Funds to Terrorists
Rain Soaks Prices for Jeter s Last Home Game
JOHANNES EISELE / AFP - Getty Images
Brian Stephens / US Navy via AP
New Rock Star Boosts Lower-Cost Solar Power: Study
Brouwer’s winner  fourth line boost Caps over BruinsBy Alex Prewitt September 26 Follow @alex_prewitt
(Photo by Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
Troy Brouwer raised both arms high, the overtime game-winner crushed into the net, and as the Washington Capitals rushed onto the ice to greet him, all the turnovers and early miscues became forgotten.
Within two weeks, this preseason result – and the three before it and the three after it – will fade into the ether. But over 62 minutes and 12 seconds, the hosts managed to cram the unexpected emergence of an unsigned forward, two punishing goals from their captain, a bumbling stretch of defensive-zone errors, a two-goal deficit, the erasure of a two-goal deficit, a stabilizing presence from the fourth line and, by the final horn of a 5-4 victory over the Boston Bruins, enough positivity to fuel a happy locker room.
“One thing I liked about our team tonight is that you sort of get mud thrown on the face, sand kicked in our face there, we’re down by a couple goals, and it’s easy to go, ‘Well, it’s preseason and we’ll just play this out,’” Coach Barry Trotz said. “We didn’t do that. We stayed on it. We chipped away and we got ourselves — if this was a regular season win, that would’ve been a real big win.”
The final goal came when the puck found Brouwer’s stick in a support area following a miss off the crossbar from Jason Chimera. Brouwer had shaken his head several times over personal mistakes during the game, but here he buried the strike past Niklas Svedberg.
“Happened to come right on my tape,” Brouwer said.
The Capitals opened the night ahead 1-0 after an Alex Ovechkin one-timer on a power play, then fell behind 2-1 and later 4-2 — the second goal also coming from Ovechkin in a 5-on-4 situation — thanks to several defensive-zone giveaways and shoddy coverage on the counter rush.
“We had four guys back, but no one picked up anybody,” Trotz said. “You have to pick up someone. We all stared at the puck and they threw it through us. We had a little bit of a bad gap on one transition play where they scored on the rush. We didn’t pick up anybody. We kind of watched the guy jump back in the play. In our game you have to think with the puck, without the puck. If you don’t have it, you have to understand what your options are to prevent that thing from going in the back of our net.”
The unlikely heroes? A fourth line of Liam O’Brien, Chris Brown and Michael Latta, respectively a free agent camp invitee coming from the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League, a Texan swapped from the Arizona Coyotes last season and one of Washington’s most consistent producers during the preseason.
With the second period winding down and the Bruins up two goals, the fourth line stepped onto the ice and retaliated. O’Brien dug the puck from along the boards and found Latta, who parked in space around the crease.
“I was watching a couple of our other lines not doing a whole heck of a lot,” Trotz said. “They had all the momentum. They get the goal on a neutral-zone turnover, then they get another goal on a neutral-zone turnover, another goal on a neutral-zone turnover, and all the momentum is on their side. You need something to change it. That was really a key goal for us. If we don’t get that goal, we don’t get the hockey game.”
Deep into the third period, O’Brien completed the Gordie Howe hat trick — a goal, an assist and a fight — just after a Boston penalty expired. One of six undrafted free agents invited to camp and the only one remaining after two rounds of cuts, O’Brien poked the puck into the net and tied the game at 4-4.
“He’s making a name for himself,” Latta said of O’Brien. “I love him.”
Trotz later rewarded the fourth line with an important shift before overtime arrived. When Brouwer struck the winner, the Capitals evened their preseason record at 2-2 and O’Brien received the first star.
NOTE: As promised, Trotz scripted more concrete pairings for Washington’s fourth preseason game, after 22 players were cut from the camp roster. Ovechkin and Nicklas Backstrom (one assist) formed the top line with Chris Conner, who was later switched out for Brooks Laich. Center Evgeny Kuznetsov (one assist, 6 for 12 on faceoffs) anchored the second line with Brouwer and Laich, though Trotz seemed displeased with his current options there.
“Still, center ice is a free for all right now,” Trotz said. “That is something we’ll have to stabilize. I’m not sure on that if I’m totally happy with that second-line position right now.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

46 US officials confirm presence at Modi rec...Barack Obama
(At least 46 elected US officials…)
NEW YORK: At least 46 elected US officials, including a Governor and 45 Congress members, have confirmed their participation at a reception hosted by Indian-Americans for Prime Minister Narendra Modi , who will address the gathering at the iconic Madison Square Garden.
Modi will address the community tomorrow at a packed Madison Square Garden, while speaking from a 360-degree rotating platform, and those in attendance would include over 16,000 general public and about 2,600 VIP guests including a Governor, Senators and other elected officials in the US.
Releasing the list of confirmed participation, the organisers Indian American Community Foundation (IACF) said this would include South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley, the first woman and second Indian-American governor in the US.
The three confirmed Senators are Robert Menendez , also Chairman of Foreign Relations Committee of US Senate, Joe Donnelly and Cory Booker.
There would be 42 House of Representative members including Steny Hoyer, Democratic whip in the House, Frank Pallone, founder of the House India Caucus and Eliot Engel, Ranking member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee.
The list also includes Ami Bera, the first Gujarati American in the US Congress and Tulsi Gabbard, the first Hindu in the US Congress.
Other Congress members who have confirmed presence are Nita Lowey, Jim McDermott,Jerrold Nadler, Sanford Bishop, Carolyn Maloney, Ed Royce, Chaka Fattah, Pete Sessions, Sheila Jackson Lee, Joe Crowley, Gregory Meeks, Steve Israel and Cathy McMorris Rodgers.
The list includes elected officials from both Democratic and Republican parties.
The organisers said that the invitations were sent to all the elected officials of the US for the event, but all of them, including Indian-origin Bobby Jindal may not be able to come due to the intense election season currently underway in the country.
Besides the main venue, there would be at least 50 other locations across the country where special arrangements have been made for the live telecast of the Prime Minister's speech and other events that include a nearly two-hour long entertainment programme.
There is a tremendous interest in the community in the US-India relationship and the event at Madison Square Garden has been oversubscribed by more than 10,000 people.
At 16.4 per cent, Indian-Americans are the third largest Asian-American group in the US, numbering 2.8 million strong, which is almost 1 per cent of the US population.
FEATURED ARTICLES

KACPER PEMPEL / Reuters file
ONGC Videsh signs agreement with Petroleos MexicanosHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
ONGC Videsh signs agreement with Petroleos Mexicanos
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 27:  
Keen to expand into Mexico, ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), has signed an agreement with Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex) for cooperation in the Latin American nation.
The MoU was signed by Anil Bhandari, Director (Exploration), OVL and Gustavo Hernandez Garcia, Director General, Pemex Exploracion Y Produccion at Cancun, Mexico on the sidelines of World National Oil Companies Congress— Americas.
“Under the MOU, the two companies plan to discuss future cooperation and collaboration in the upstream sector in Mexico. The MOU also envisages cooperation in the fields of technology, human resources, research and development,” OVL said in a statement.
Mexico is the largest crude oil producing country in Latin America. It has excellent potential for both conventional and unconventional hydrocarbon. As a result of recent energy reforms in the country, the oil and gas sector is being opened for participation by foreign firms.
Besides OVL, Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL), too, is looking to invest in Mexico as North America’s third-biggest producer courts foreign companies after a 76-year hiatus.
Mexico in December permitted private investment in the oil industry to help reverse a decade-long slump in output.
Pemex plans to establish 10 joint ventures in mature, onshore and offshore areas by December 2015. It has fields holding an estimated 20.6 billion barrels.
OVL has participation in 35 projects in 16 countries, including Azerbaijan, Bangladesh, Brazil, Colombia, Iraq, Kazakhstan, Libya, Mozambique, Myanmar, Russia, South Sudan, Sudan, Syria, Venezuela and Vietnam.
It currently produces about 160,000 barrels of oil and oil equivalent gas per day and has total oil and gas reserves of 637 million tonnes of oil equivalent.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Britains jets set for Iraq air strikes take-offBritain’s jets set for Iraq air strikes take-off
PTI
Tweet
London, Sept 27:  
British warplanes are all set to launch missile attacks against Islamic State (IS) after the country’s Parliament backed military action in Iraq.
Six Tornado G4 fighters have been based in Cyprus since August but so far have been used only for reconnaissance.
The bombers are expected to lead any British operations targeting IS.
Prime Minister David Cameron said the UK was there to “play our part and to help deal with this appalling terrorist organisation“.
Yesterday, MPs from all three main Westminster parties voted for military action by 524 votes to 43.
Britain has stopped short of extending its support to operations in Syria.
As well as the Tornados at the British Akrotiri base in Cyprus, the RAF also has a Rivet Joint spy plane — successor to the Nimrod — in the region.
UK foreign secretary Philip Hammond said Britain was consulting with its allies to choose targets.
He said he expected little resistance from the ground.
The planes and their crews from RAF Marham, Norfolk, have spent six weeks flying reconnaissance missions over northern Iraq.
They were braced to begin strike runs with Paveway IV guided bombs and Brimstone missiles.
Military sources told ‘The Telegraph’ that defence chiefs were also considering launching Tomahawk cruise missiles from a Royal Navy submarine in the region.
The British jets would join an American—led coalition which has been pounding IS fighters in Syria and Iraq for days, trying to weaken the movement’s grip on northern Iraq so the extremists can be beaten back by Kurdish and Iraqi troops.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

Convicted of sedition and Maoist links  senior journalist Prafulla Jha released after seven years in jailPrint
Express News Service | Raipur | Posted: September 27, 2014 6:33 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 6:45 pm
Veteran journalist Prafulla Jha, who became the first journalist in Chhattisgarh to be convicted of sedition, was freed on Saturday after nearly seven years in jail. He was arrested in January 2008 after a bag full of weapons was recovered from his Raipur home in January 2008.
Subsequently, his son Pratiek Jha was also arrested with six others in what the state police claimed as the “biggest case of urban network of Maoists” in Chhattisgarh.
All eight of them were convicted last July. While three were awarded three-year jail term, Jha and the other four were given seven years in jail. With Jha, another convict Meena Chaudhary was also released today.
They all were held guilty of helping the Maoists in running their operations in urban areas of Chhattisgarh.

Odisha’s wishlist for Padma awards: Patnaik’s government sends recommendations to Home Ministry* Odissi dance guru Durga Charan Ranbir
* Tie and dye artist Sarat Kumar Patra(Art)
* Pattachitra artiste Bijay Kumar Parida(Art)
* Singer Prafulla Kar(Art)
* Painter Dinanath Pathy(Art, literature and culture)
* Former IAS officer and writer Rajendra Kishore Panda(literature)
* Pattachitra artiste Bhramarabar Nayak
* Filmmaker and parallel-cinema actor Sadhu Meher(cinema)
* Odissi dancer and late Odissi dancer guru Kelucharan Mohapatra’s daughter-in-law Sujata Mohapatra
* Neurosurgeon and director of Bhubaneswar AIIMS Ashok Mohapatra(medicine)
* Developmental economist and emeritus professor in University of California Prashant Patnaik
* Economist and former professor in JNU’s Centre for Economic Studies and Planning Prabhat Patnaik
* Former vice chancellor of Pune’s Defence Institute of Advanced Technology prof Lalit Mohan Patnaik
* Odissi dancer Aruna Mohanty
* Educationist Jaydev Mishra and differently abled persons activist Sruti Mohapatra.The wall hanging in CM Naveen      Patnaik’s office was made by Patra.
For Padmabhusan award, the state government has recommended:
* Linguist Debi Prasanna Patnaik
* Eminent poet and playwright and former IAS officer Jagannath Prasad Das
* Odissi classical singer Sunanda Patnaik
* Renowned bilingual writer Manoj Das
* Jnanpith award winner Prativa Ray
Pondicherry-based Manoj Das was awarded the Padmashri in 2001 while Pratibha Ray was awarded the same in 2007. Early this year, Professor Patnaik was instrumental in getting Odia the status of a classical language, the sixth in the country.

No need to politicise Modi’s US visit  says DigvijayaThe Congress stalwart rejected the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government's claim that Madhya Pradesh has achieved 25 per cent growth rate in agriculture sector. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Bhopal | Posted: September 27, 2014 6:20 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 6:40 pm
On Saturday Senior Congress leader Digvijaya Singh expressed hope that Prime Minister Narendra Modi will put forth with full vigour issues related to India in the United Nations and cautioned against politicising his much publicised visit to the US.
“This is not the time to do politics on the issue of Modi’s US trip as he has gone there to address the United Nations General Assembly as India’s representative.
“He will put forth issues related to India with full vigour,” the Congress general secretary told reporters when asked to comment on the hype around Modi’s trip to America.
Asked about Shiv Sena-BJP and Congress-NCP alliances breaking up in Maharashtra, Singh said, “These days personal ambitions have overshadowed political ideologies of the people and this is not a good sign for the country.”
On former Madhya Pradesh minister and senior Congress leader Narendra Nahta leaving the party, Singh said “not only he (Narendra) but even his father had served the party for a long time. I will speak to him on the issue.”
However, the former Chief Minister maintained those who don’t have faith in Congress ideology are free to leave.
Asked to comment on the upcoming Global Investors Meet organised by MP’s BJP government, the Rajya Sabha member said such events hardly serve any purpose.
“This government has a habit of organising ‘mahotsavs’ (grand festivals). It (the investors meet) will not serve the state’s interest but only that of BJP leaders and government officials,” he said.
The Congress stalwart rejected the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government’s claim that Madhya Pradesh has achieved 25 per cent growth rate in agriculture sector.
On one hand the BJP government says crops had been badly damaged due to hailstorm and other natural calamities and on the other hand it is talking about 25 per cent growth. How is it possible? he asked.

Coal Verdict to Have Serious Ramifications for Energy Sector: IcraCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
New Delhi: The Supreme Court's verdict to cancel all but four coal mines allocated since 1993 will have a serious ramification for the energy and steel sectors hitting their bottomlines and fines imposed alone could amount up to Rs 7,300 crore, rating agencies have said.
Both Fitch Ratings and Icra said that after cancellation of blocks, the companies will have to depend on externally sourced coal, resulting in higher operating costs which would further put pressure on retail tariffs for the consumers.
The reports follow the Supreme Court earlier this week scrapping the allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks to various companies since 1993 terming it as "fatally flawed".
"The decision is broadly credit negative for these sectors...Companies with cancelled licences will not receive any compensation on account of development expenditure incurred to date, meaning these will have to be written off... Furthermore, they will now have to pay for externally sourced coal, resulting in higher operating costs."
"The SCI's decision also levies a fine of Rs 295 per tonne on coal produced to date from the mines affected, which could amount to Rs 7,300 crore," Fitch ratings said in a statement.
The negative financial impact will vary significantly depending on the company, it said, adding that the ruling has no immediate direct impact on Tata Steel and SAIL.
About NTPC, it said, "Power company NTPC could be more vulnerable to the decision, though Fitch maintains that the broader impact will still be relatively small. Pakhri Barwadih, an NTPC mine nearing production, has been exempt from the cancellation. The status of the other nine of NTPC's 10 coal blocks is uncertain, as it is not very clear if they are also exempt...the company had expected that its captive mines would be able to serve 4.3 per cent of its coal requirements in FY15 - rising further to 15 per cent by FY17."
The potential long-term effects of the decision on the wider power and steel sectors will depend largely on how quickly the government proceeds with re-auctioning the licences, it said.
Rating agency Icra further said that as per its estimates, "aggregate penalty till March'14 for power sector as a whole is at about Rs 60,000 crore based on mining output of about 205 Million Tonne (MT)".
About 60 per cent of this penalty is attributed to state sector utilities/JVs, mainly owned/co-owned by corporations belonging to the states of Punjab, West Bengal, Karnataka and Rajasthan; while balance 40 per cent pertains mainly towards private sector IPP/utilities, it noted.
It added that the overall capacity in private IPP segment that would be affected by the SC order is around 18 GW, comprising a mix of operational projects (6.3 GW as on July 2014) and under-construction projects (11.4 GW expected to become operational over the next 2 year period).
"Any delays in allocation of coal blocks through bidding route would lead to dependence upon coal sourcing from open market i.e. through e-auction or coal imports, given the shortages in domestic coal availability....This in turn is likely to increase the fuel cost of generation, which would impact their cost competitiveness," it said.
Moreover, cost of generation based on imported coal would remain exposed to volatility in steam coal price level internationally and rupee-dollar exchange rate, it said. In turn, this will lead to escalation in the power procurement cost for the distribution utilities which further would put pressure on retail tariffs for the consumers.
It added that out of the affected capacity in private segment, about 53 per cent (9.5 GW) have firm power purchase agreements (PPA) with distribution utilities within which about 50 per cent capacity is competitively bid and balance 50 per cent is based on cost-plus tariff principles.
Icra said projects based on captive coal block with competitively bid PPAs where fuel cost variation is not a pass-through, would be most affected.
Story first published on: September 27, 2014 18:10 (IST)

The Week That Was: Gross moves on   The Week That Was: Gross moves on
Friday, 26 Sep 2014 |  4:00  PM ET
CNBC's Tyler Mathisen looks back at the week's top business and financial stories, including Pimco co-founder Bill Gross leaving the company to join Janus Capital.
SHARES

85 people killed by floods in Assam and Meghalaya: NDRF DG85 people killed by floods in Assam, Meghalaya
PTI  Guwahati, September 27, 2014
First Published: 18:32 IST(27/9/2014) | Last Updated: 19:51 IST(27/9/2014)
A total of 85 people have been killed due to heavy floods and inundation in Assam and Meghalaya, the NDRF said on Saturday.
Army jawans rescue flood-affected people at Chaigaon in Kamrup. (PTI Photo)
After combating the floods and water logging tragedy for over a week in the two states, the lead mitigation force has now shifted its operations from rescue to relief.
"While 39 people have been killed in Assam, 46 deaths have been reported from Meghalaya. We are now concentrating our energies to undertake relief operations as rescue work has finished largely. There are signs of water receding in these areas," NDRF chief O P Singh told PTI after accompanying ,minister of state for home Kiren Rijiju on an aerial survey of the two states.
The National Disaster Response Force chief said in Assam the worst affected areas are the districts of Goalpara, Kamrup (rural) and Boko alongwith some adjoining areas whereas in Meghalaya, the areas of Tura and seven districts in Garo Hills area were hit the most by the tragedy.
"There has been massive destruction in these areas due to flood waters," Singh said.
The NDRF which is operating 16 teams in the two states, he said, has rescued close to 6,000 people and distributed 80 quintals of food and other essential items to the people who are marooned.
A villager paddles a boat through floodwaters past a partially-submerged house at Balbala village, some 140 kms from Guwahati. (AFP Photo)
He said the force has also undertaken night operations in these areas and such tasks are continuing.
The delegation led by Rijiju met Meghalaya chief minister Mukul Sangma and senior leader and Tura member of Parliament P A Sangma during the visit on Saturday, apart from a briefing by senior officers of the administration of both the states.

Ahead of UNGA speech  Modi pays homage at 9/11 memorialPrime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday hit back at Pakistan, questioning its seriousness in resolving the Kashmir issue by raising it at the United Nations.
  
Prime Minster Narendra Modi (R) speaks with New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio during a bilateral meeting at the New York Plaza Hotel ahead of his appearance at the ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greets people on the streets of New York. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi gestures at the site of the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New York. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi lays a yellow rose on the name of an Indian who died, at the site of the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New ...
Snipers keep watch on the roof of the 9/11 Museum during Prime Minster Narendra Modi's visit to the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New York. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi unveils a commemorative wreath at the site of the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New York. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi visits 9/11 Memorial exhibition in New York. (PTI Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives at the United Nations during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters. (AP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi meets with Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters. (AP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, is given a tour after arriving at the United Nations during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters. (AP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, arrives to speak at the 69th Session of the UN General Assembly. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, speaks during the 69th Session of the UN General Assembly. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi bows his head after addressing the 69th United Nations General Assembly. (AFP Photo)
“Raising issues in this forum is not the way to make progress towards resolving issues between our two countries,” Modi said in his first speech at the UN General Assembly.
If Pakistan wants to resolve the problem, the Prime Minister averred, it must “also take its responsibility seriously to create an appropriate environment.”
“I am prepared to engage in a serious bilateral dialogue with Pakistan in a peaceful atmosphere, without the shadow of terrorism,” Modi said, reiterating India’s standing position.
Instead of raising these issues at the UN, he said, India and Pakistan should be helping victims of the devastating floods on both sides of the border.
Pakistan’s Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif had on Friday told the general assembly he was disappointed by India cancelling the foreign secretary-level talks.
Modi was not expected to respond to Sharif’s obvious attempt at India-baiting with a long running political tool, criticism over Kashmir. The MEA spokesperson had said that the Prime Minister’s speech would be forward-looking, leaving Sharif to some official.
But Modi took on Sharif himself, questioning his sincerity in dealing with the dispute that has defined India-Pakistan relations for decades.
In a speech delivered in Hindi — from a prepared text in English — Prime Minister Modi also called for the long-standing reforms of the UN Security Council.
“We must reform the United Nations, including the Security Council, and make it more democratic and participative,’ he said.
The Prime Minister began his second day of the US tour, first day of full engagements, with an early morning tour of the 9/11 memorial and the attached museum.
Dressed in his trademark short-sleeve shirt, with a shawl thrown over his shoulder, the prime minister could be seen listening intently to his briefer.
He then changed into a dark bandh-gala suit for his UN engagements, starting with a meeting with secretary general Ban ki Moon, and a tour of the US complex.
Minutes before he was to speak, external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj, led the India delegation to their desk to the assembly floor, accompanied by NSA Ajit Doval.
The visitors’ gallery was packed, unusually for a Saturday morning, said several UN officials, impressed not only by the strength of the Indian media contingent, but also by Modi fans.
Watch: It is upto Pakistan to create right atmosphere and come forward for bilateral talks: Modi
After touching on all major global challenges — climate change and terrorism, for instance — the Prime Minister raised a long-standing Indian demand for UN SC reform.
India has been pushing for increasing the permanent membership of the Security Council beyond the present five — US, UK, China, Russia and France — without much success.
“We must reform the United Nations, including the Security Council, and make it more democratic and participative,” said the prime minister.
He warned that the failure to do so could make these institution irrelevant. “Institutions that reflect the imperatives of 20th century won’t be effective in the 21st.”
He added, “It would face the risk of irrelevance; and we will face the risk of continuing turbulence with no one capable of addressing it.”
Delivered in Hindi, from English remarks
The Prime Minister delivered his speech in Hindi, from a speech written in English. His speech tracked closely with the text in English, in spirit. But the translator seemed completely off-key, jumping from word to word, without trying to capture the sense of what Modi was saying.
Pitch for Yoga
An avid practitioner of Yoga, the Prime Minister gave it major shoutout in his speech calling it “an invaluable gift of our ancient tradition”. He said, “Yoga embodies unity of mind and body; thought and action; restraint and fulfilment; harmony between man and nature; a holistic approach to health and well being.”
G-1, G-4 or G for all?
While making a pitch for a genuinely interaction compact of nations, he said there is a tendency to bunch countries into various groups. “Today, we still operate in various Gs with different numbers. India, too, is involved in several. But, how much are we able to work together as G1 or G-All?”
Live Blog Modi in America
.
Earlier Modi paid tributes at the memorial, also known as Ground Zero, where the twin towers of the iconic World Trade Center(WTC) were destroyed in the unprecedented terror attack on September 11, 2001.
    
Dressed in a spotless white kurta and churidars and a grey shawl thrown on his left shoulder, a sombre looking Modi gently placed rose buds one by one--five in all--on the grey granite memorial slabs where names of the victims were etched, stood for a while and folded his hands.
    
Modi, who was in a reflective mood, also visited the 9/11 museum, that displays artifacts associated with the events of the terror attack while presenting stories of loss and recovery.
    

On friday thomas cook has formed a hammer candlestick after a deline i...Platinum Member
55 Followers
On Friday Thomas Cook has formed a hammer candlestick after a deline in the stock price for few session. The hammer candlestick suggests us that the bulls are strengthening and might take control , any ways the stock is in oversold region so might recover as the market recovers.!!
8.32 PM Sep 27th

What is more serious is the derivatives. the exposure to derivatives o...Platinum Member
38 Followers
What is more serious is the derivatives. The exposure to derivatives of all the Banks is today $ 710 Trillion Dollars yes with a big`T` in it. When the big bubble burst in 2007, the big banks exposure to derivatives was $ 500 Trilion
Before the entire Institutions get out and rush to get out of major scrips just be out and understand that there is no upside to this market.
For those looking forward to the day when these mammoth banks will collapse, you need to keep in mind that when they do go down the entire system is going to utterly fall apart.
At this point our economic system is so completely dependent on these banks that there is no way that it can function without them.
It is like a patient with an extremely advanced case of cancer.
Doctors can try to kill the cancer, but it is almost inevitable that the patient will die in the process.
The same thing could be said about our relationship with the "too big to fail" banks.  If they fail, so do the rest of us.
We were told that something would be done about the "too big to fail" problem after the last crisis, but it never happened.
In fact, the "too big to fail" banks have collectively gotten 37 percent larger since the last recession.
At this point, the five largest banks Globally account for 42 percent of all loans in Worldwide having maximum exposure to real estate and property and housing, and the six largest banks control 67 percent of all banking assets.
If those banks were to disappear tomorrow, we would not have much of an economy left.
But as you have just read about in this, they are being more reckless than ever before.
We are steamrolling toward the greatest financial disaster in world history, and nobody is doing much of anything to stop it.
Things could have turned out very differently, but now we will reap the consequences for the very foolish decisions that we have made.
Sell ICICI, SBI, Kotak, Cement and Construction stocks, real estate and property stocks, all banking PSU and Private, Exit before the Institutions do so. The game is simple, to keep up the markets so that they get good volumes to exit and then when markets come down, people get stuck at highest price.
One more thing, even if ICICI starts quoting at Rs. 275, do not be surprised because all the scrips will be approaching only their fundamental values. SBI at 350 and that`s it.

Dear investor  we should be realistic in whatever we say. givi...Good to interact after a while.
Hope you are doing well.
Completely agree with you on the principle of listen to everyone and then go with what your conscience says. It is perfectly balanced statement, in which both former and later parts are equally important. If you just do what you think it right without taking inputs and ideas from others, listening to signals of market, analysts, other investors, etc., you will get constrained. At the same time if you get carried away with all opinions/ ideas coming your way and follow them blindly, you are walking a path of disaster. Take inputs, digest them, apply your inner mind and act!
One of the saints in Maharashtra has said a concise line on this, Ramdas, "Aikave Janache Karave Manache". Aikave is listen, Janache - public, karave - do, manache - inner mind.
9.35 AM Sep 28th

Karaikal port again put up for sale..... buyer is not tpg.Platinum Member
322 Followers
In my opinion the promoter will not go for open offer. What is there in the AGM which needs any observation? Just routine. I am not as optimistic as Mitz or Iqbu. It will take a lot of time to get things back. Mitz and Iqbu knows it well and are ready to wait.
Sorry for my delayed reply. I am going for a sabbatical. The happenings in the market had turned friends into foe. Of course virtual friends turning into virtual foes:))) People started to have a portfolio of IDs. Pats through one and bangs thro an other:))) ( Iqbu, I am not meaning you ) Frustration gets deeper and deeper in many stock boards. Every shorting by traders makes a stock shit and every covering makes it into a gem. People are in a hurry. LT investors are coined as fools. Kennady said that success has got more fathers but failure got none. In MMB it is the other way, When I succeed it is my foresight but if I fail the ones who referred it are sinners. I will continue to be in the market but will take a break till the sanity returns. It is ironical that I will have to say it in a stock board, the stocks of which I don`t have. :)))

Live: PM Narendra Modi addresses UNGA  may reply to Nawaz Sharif s Kashmir remark8:23 am: 
8:23 am: 
7:09 am: Prime Minister Narendra Modi leaves for India after his five-day visit to the US. He said, "Thank you America". "I achieved a lot in these five days. I am going back to India very satisfied."
11:58 pm: Agreed to create energy innovation laboratories in India, also agreed to upgrade our national parks-Vikram Doraiswami: MEA #ModiMeetsObama
11:43 pm: 
11:38 pm: PM Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama pay homage to Martin Luther King Memorial, the leader of African-American Civil Rights Movement: PTI #ModiMeetsObama
11:38 pm: US Vice President Joe Biden: Our ties have grown enormously #ModiMeetsObama
11:34 pm: John Kerry: India, US are two countries who begin Constitution with "We the People". we share the same economic and political imperatives. We want history to remember what PM Modi did for India's development & what Mahatma Gandhi did for its freedom in same breath.
11:30 pm: India-US to work together on disrupting financial & tactical support for LeT, JeM, D-company & Haqqani network. #ModiMeetsObama
11:29 pm: John Kerry: Mr PM, no matter how our warm our welcome here we are not going to be able to top the Madison Square Garden reception. #ModiMeetsObama
11:22 pm: India-US Group to address all implementation issues to speed up deployment of US origin nuclear reactors in India : MEA #ModiMeetsObama
11:08 pm: I have extended an invitation to President Obama and his family to visit India: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
11:07 pm: The issue of climate change is a priority for both India and US: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
11:05 pm: 
11:04 pm: After India-US Summit on Mars, we are meeting here on earth - PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
11:02 pm: We had an open discussion on WTO issue. We support trade facilitation but a solution that takes care of our food security must be found: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:57 pm: US President Obama: I am impressed with how PM Modi is working for the poorest of the poor and revitalising the economy. #ModiMeetsObama
10:56 pm: US President Obama : Discussed trade issues, maritime rules, fight against Islamic State with PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:54 pm: US to cooperate as knowledge partner for India's planned National Defence University. #ModiMeetsObama
10:53 pm: PM Modi: India-US decide to renew Framework Agreement for defence cooperation for further 10 years #ModiMeetsObama
10:52 pm: PM Modi: I sought support fro President Obama for greater access to India's service companies #ModiMeetsObama
10:52 pm: US to be lead partner in developing Allahabad, Ajmer & Vizag as Smart Cities: MEA #ModiMeetsObama
10:51 pm: PM Modi: I want to welcome US defence companies to boost our defence industry #ModiMeetsObama
10:50 pm: We both are committed to helping Afghanistan and improving our coordination in this area: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:50 pm: PM Modi: I look forward to receive Obama and his family in India #ModiMeetsObama
10:48 pm: PM Modi: PM: We shared our concern over Ebola virus crisis #ModiMeetsObama
10:47 pm: We are both serious about resolving issues related to civil nuclear deal, it's important for India's energy security: Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:46 pm: I urged President Obama to take steps whereby our service companies can get access to the American economy: Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:44 pm: We decided to deepen our existing ties with India: US President Barack Obama #ModiMeetsObama
10:44 pm: Glad to meet Obama, thank him for his hospitality: PM Narendra Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:43 pm: We discussed international situation, security issues and Middle East violence and extremism: Obama after meeting Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:39 pm: 
10:20 pm: PM Modi held talks with US President Barack Obama on 'substantive' bilateral, regional and international issues: PTI #ModiMeetsObama
9:59 pm: India and US agree to extend their defence agreement for 10 years, say Pentagon sources: PTI #ModiMeetsObama
9:29 pm: President Obama wants stabilisation in Indo-US relations: Strobe Talbott #ModiMeetsObama
9:28 pm: Modi, Obama both no-nonsense guys, they don't care about ceremonial things: Strobe Talbott #ModiMeetsObama
9:27 pm: Strobe Talbott, President, Brookings Institution: Keen to know if India will back US action against ISIS #ModiMeetsObama
8:43 pm: PM Narendra Modi, US President Barack Obama to issue a joint statement shortly. #ModiMeetsObama
8:34 pm: 
8:29 pm: Prime Minister Narendra Modi reaches White House for bilateral meet with President Barack Obama. #ModiMeetsObama
7:12 pm: 

http://usat.ly/1mAhzFpFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Geena Davis: Stereotypes in movies has negative effect
There is a significant lack of females in family-friendly films - and those who are in movies are often shown in sexual and non-professional roles, according to a new report.
Post to Facebook
Geena Davis: Stereotypes in movies has negative effect There is a significant lack of females in family-friendly films - and those who are in movies are often shown in sexual and non-professional roles, according to a new report. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1uCAC0M
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
6
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Geena Davis: Stereotypes in movies has negative effect
Video Keywords Harry Potter imitate art Strong leadership positions science technology engineering South Korea Korea Brazil Virginia Miami Australia United States China
USA TODAY's Laura Petrecca interviews film star Geena Davis about a new report that takes a look at how women are portrayed in movies.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  So let's talk a little bit about the new report
00:04  which was commissioned by ear institute which studies gender in the
00:06  media play over some of the top line findings. So we
00:10  -- the United States that in my list of eleven territory
00:13  so we studied. Is roughly in the middle we're not. The
00:18  worst but where -- actually far from the best. So. You
00:22  know we know. A long way to go so who is
00:25  on the top the list in terms of portraying women as
00:27  strong when -- a positive light found that was of any
00:30  particular country that was. Overall the best there were -- Pockets
00:36  of five. Promise. -- South Korea. Had 50% from the lead
00:43  characters female. -- -- What I mean you know set the
00:48  today or is great and and China. Brazil and Australia had
00:52  40%. Female characters as leads so. That's pending in USS very
00:58  far from that he tells a little bit about. The roles
01:01  that -- rooms are free trade asset really don't show than
01:03  a stronger powerful way well we. Did a very comprehensive study
01:08  of occupations of all female characters and enough film and television
01:13  made in United States and found that. In that film. 80%.
01:20  Of the -- to have jobs are male so. By and
01:24  large enough characters don't have any occupation. Dare function is very
01:29  often to service eye candy. Or being the girlfriend of the
01:35  person that senator involving adventures. And there are virtually no women
01:40  in. Strong leadership positions if women don't see other women up
01:45  on the screen important roles can affect their self esteem I
01:48  think it absolutely does in fact -- the more hours of
01:51  TV a girl watches the fewer options she think she has
01:55  a life. -- self esteem goes down and voice of the
01:59  -- goes up from watching TV so this clearly. A very
02:03  negative message that is coming through. And the reverse is possible
02:08  -- that by seeing. Positive and empowering and I'm inspiring images
02:15  of female characters that. That will impact girls positive. Positively so
02:20  it seems that he can open up the -- career choices
02:23  for young women if they see positive role models on the
02:25  screen big candy can. Art. Doesn't have to do imitate life
02:31  we can turn around so that life will imitate art if
02:34  we show. On screen boards half women and the president just
02:40  as often. One and as a man and and women in
02:44  the science technology engineering and math careers. Then it looks normal
02:48  the people we could start to feel like. Hey that makes
02:51  perfect sense that women would be good at that so we
02:54  can have an enormous impact. It's 2000 Virginia are still talking
02:58  about stereotypes and found during a gender disparity right. What's holding
03:02  Hollywood back from getting those numbers up there well what's holding
03:05  everybody back you know and it isn't really an all sectors
03:08  of society. The percentage of women in. Leadership positions. Has stalled
03:14  out at around wound seventeen to 20%. Congress 18% boards or
03:20  16%. So it's kind of everywhere and in I'm. In movies.
03:27  The percentage of women in crowd scenes in group scenes is
03:31  17%. Wow so. It could create -- -- from seeing this
03:37  imbalance. From the beginning from the first thing you see as
03:41  a little kid. It looks normal. In any advice about what
03:46  folks out there can do make a difference in their own
03:48  world since her on not screenwriters are producers filmmakers -- --
03:52  right. So what I do and recommend it to people is
03:56  time to watch. Media with your kid is personal which I
04:00  would severely limit the amount of hours they can spend on
04:02  screen. Pretty much to a couple hours on the weekend. So.
04:07  That's actually it's important to limit it as much as you
04:11  can and whenever possible if you want to win them especially
04:14  when their little. You can interpret it you couldn't. Can teach
04:19  them to be media savvy unlike his watch whatever other kids
04:22  there are seeing but I. The sort of keep up a
04:25  running commentary away -- we're watching an -- Think it's weird
04:29  that there's only boys in that group of people why do
04:32  you think what you think that this is a terrific girls
04:34  could do that too and what would have been fine if
04:37  half of them were girls and things like that I asked
04:40  my daughter. Who she wanted to be when we -- after
04:44  we saw -- Harry Potter. And she said Harry Potter should
04:49  really are -- Miami says no because he does cooler stuff.
04:53  You know so phone. So I think it's really important to
04:58  two point -- just to -- you don't gonna find a
05:01  three year old -- -- You know I'm not seeing myself
05:04  fairly reference it up there on screen why do what is
05:07  you know so we have to. Pointed out to them.
Laura Petrecca , USA TODAY 10:42 a.m. EDT September 23, 2014
Geena Davis played a strong female character in the movie A League of Their Own.
(Photo: Columbia Pictures)
173 CONNECT 98 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
There is a significant lack of females in family-friendly films — and those who are in movies are often shown in sexual and non-professional roles, according to a new report that examined 120 films from 11 countries.
Research conducted by the USC Annenberg School of Communication and Journalism, and commissioned by the Geena Davis Institute on Gender in Media, was released on Monday. Among the findings:
Of the 5,799 speaking or named characters on screen, 31% were female and 69% were male.
The majority of workers in the analyzed films were male, at 78%.
Male characters disproportionately held more powerful occupations than their female counterparts. Only 14% of business executives were female and just 10% of top-level politicians were women.
Just a quarter  of the films examined had a girl or woman as a lead or co-lead driving the plot.
Only 10% of the sample group had a "balanced cast" that featured girls or women in 45% to 54.9% of all speaking roles.
"Overall, the global picture is very bleak" when it comes to women getting equal time to men in films, as well as women being portrayed in a positive light, said Davis.
A female's function in a film is very often "to serve as eye candy or be the girlfriend of the person that's having all the adventures," said the actress, who founded the Gender in Media institute to research and help improve how women are portrayed in media.
"By seeing positive and empowering and inspiring images of female characters, that will impact girls positively to say, 'Hey, I could be that,'" she says.
"Art doesn't have to imitate life," says the star of movies such as A League of Their Own and Thelma & Louise. "We can turn it around so life will imitate art."
If movies show women in executive positions, as well as pursuing careers in science or math, "then it looks normal to people," she said. "We can start to feel like, 'Hey, that makes perfect sense that women would be good at that,'" she adds. "So it can have an enormous impact."
The just-released report examined films theatrically released between Jan. 1, 2010, and May 1, 2013, and were "roughly equivalent" to an MPAA rating of G, PG or PG-13.
It focused on films from Australia, Brazil, China, France, Germany, India, Japan, Russia, South Korea, the United States and the United Kingdom.
Listen to the full interview with Geena Davis right here:
173 CONNECT 98 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1uCAC0M
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Large caps lagged benchmarks in last 5 years  says reportE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Rejected by NCP  Congress rushes into SP arms for Maharashtra assembly electionsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Google Inc fires back at News Corp; defends search  piracy practicesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indian scientists more religious than British peersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Standard and Poor s revises outlook on India: Read Full ReportE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Small-town US politician emerges as unlikely foe of PM Narendra ModiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Delhi High Court orders Om Prakash Chautala to surrender by October 17Delhi High Court orders Om Prakash Chautala to surrender by October 17
Express news service | New Delhi | Published:  Sep 27 2014, 10:27  IST
Sep 27 2014, 10:27  IST
 

OVL signes agreement with Petroleos MexicanosYou are here: Home > Collections
ONGC Videsh Ltd signes agreement with Petroleos Mexicanos
PTI Sep 27, 2014, 05.47PM IST
Tags:
Anil Bhandari
(Besides OVL, Reliance Industries,…)
NEW DELHI: Keen to expand into Mexico, ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), has signed an agreement with Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex) for cooperation in the Latin American nation.
The MoU was signed by Anil Bhandari , Director (Exploration), OVL and Gustavo Hernandez Garcia, Director General, Pemex Exploracion Y Produccion at Cancun, Mexico on the side-lines of World National Oil Companies Congress- Americas.
"Under the MOU, the two companies plan to discuss future cooperation and collaboration in the upstream sector in Mexico. The MOU also envisages cooperation in the fields of technology, human resources, research and development," OVL said in a statement.
Mexico is the largest crude oil producing country in Latin America. It has excellent potential for both conventional and unconventional hydrocarbon. As a result of recent energy reforms in the country, the oil and gas sector is being opened for participation by foreign firms.
Besides OVL, Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL), too, is looking to invest in Mexico as North America's third-biggest producer courts foreign companies after a 76-year hiatus.
Mexico in December permitted private investment in the oil industry to help reverse a decade-long slump in output.
Pemex plans to establish 10 joint ventures in mature, onshore and offshore areas by December 2015. It has fields holding an estimated 20.6 billion barrels.
OVL has participation in 35 projects in 16 countries, including Azerbaijan, Bangladesh, Brazil, Colombia, Iraq, Kazakhstan, Libya, Mozambique, Myanmar, Russia, South Sudan, Sudan, Syria, Venezuela and Vietnam.
It currently produces about 160,000 barrels of oil and oil equivalent gas per day and has total oil and gas reserves of 637 million tonnes of oil equivalent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sanitary amenities in all households by 2017: West Bengal govtKolkata Sept 27:  
The West Bengal Government is planning to have sanitary facilities in all households by 2017.
A Twitter update by the Trinamool Congress, quotes Panchayat Minister, Subrata Mukherjee, saying that by 2014 (end of this calendar year), approximately 13 lakh households will have proper toilets made.
And in another three years time, i.e. by 2017, 65 lakh households will have the same.
“In the draft 12{+t}{+h} Five Year Plan (of the State Government), it was mentioned to ensure safe toilet facilities in all households, schools, ICDS centres and public places. The district administration has been rigorously monitoring and intensive field visits being made by district officials are delivering sterling results…,” the Twitter post maintains.
According to post, Bardhaman is likely to be the first district to deliver results.
 
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

Jayalalithaa’s conviction a rude shock for partymenPress Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: September 27, 2014 6:41 pm
The conviction of AIADMK supremo and Tamil Nadu Chief Minister, J Jayalalithaa has come as a rude shock to the ruling party, casting a doubt over her political future ahead of the 2016 assembly polls.
Jayalalithaa has earned the dubious distinction of becoming the first sitting Chief Minister in the country to be found guilty under Prevention of Corruption Act and is facing the prospects of being disqualified as MLA and losing power.
While a pall of gloom descended at the AIADMK headquarters at Royapettah, with some angry workers burning effigies of DMK leaders, the rivals celebrated Jayalalithaa’s conviction as scores of DMK workers thronged the headquarters Arivalayam as well as Karunanidhi’s residence.
The special court’s verdict pronouncing their leader ‘Amma’ (Mother, as she is addressed by supporters) guilty crushed the die-hard AIADMK supporters’ hope of her emerging unscathed in this case that was hanging over her head like the Damocles sword.
She had to step down as Chief Minister in 2001 when the Supreme Court observed that she cannot hold office, as she was earlier sentenced in two corruption cases in 2000, which, however, later she was set aside.
Saturday’s verdict has come as a jolt to the ruling AIADMK as it had been enjoying a winning spree in all elections held since April 2011, when the party trounced DMK.
The party had put up a stellar performance in the Lok Sabha polls this year, winning 37 of the 39 states in the state, though its hopes of a pivot role in the Centre failed with the BJP mustering majority on its own.
However, there is no threat to the party government as AIADMK has a solid majority of 150 seats in the 234-member Assembly.
She had been acquitted in several other cases filed during the DMK regime.
After the apex court’s observation in 2001 that she cannot continue in office, Jayalalithaa had made her loyal aide and then not-so-known face O Panneerselvam as her successor to power.
After getting absolved of the charges in the Madras High Court, she had contested from Andipatti constituency and became the Chief Minister again in 2002.
Panneerselvam is also one of the names presently doing the rounds in AIADMK circles as one of the probables to take over as the next Chief Minister if Jayalalithaa has to resign.
The others being Transport Minister V Senthil Balaji and Electricity Minister Natham R Viswanathan and even former Chief Secretary and Consultant to the state government, Sheela Balakrishnan.

Red alert on TN-Kerala border areasMembers of AIADMK holding a protest in Coimbatore on Saturday over conviction of the party supremo and Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa by a Bengaluru court in a disproportionate assests case. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 27, 2014 6:56 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 6:57 pm
Apparently anticipating trouble , Kerala government on Saturday a sounded red alert on Kerala-Tamil Nadu borders in the wake of Bangalore Special Court convicting Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa in the disproportionate assets case.
State Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala instructed the State DGP to observe special vigil in border areas against the background of the court verdict, an official release said.
Special Judge John Michael D’Cunha convicted the 66-year-old AIADMK Chief in a case of owning assets to the tune Rs 66.65 crores disproportionate to her known sources of income during 1991-96 when she was chief minister for the first time.

Red alert on TN-Kerala border areasMembers of AIADMK holding a protest in Coimbatore on Saturday over conviction of the party supremo and Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa by a Bengaluru court in a disproportionate assests case. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 27, 2014 6:56 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 6:57 pm
Apparently anticipating trouble , Kerala government on Saturday a sounded red alert on Kerala-Tamil Nadu borders in the wake of Bangalore Special Court convicting Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa in the disproportionate assets case.
State Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala instructed the State DGP to observe special vigil in border areas against the background of the court verdict, an official release said.
Special Judge John Michael D’Cunha convicted the 66-year-old AIADMK Chief in a case of owning assets to the tune Rs 66.65 crores disproportionate to her known sources of income during 1991-96 when she was chief minister for the first time.

Calcutta HC stays UBI s declaration of Kingfisher as wilful defaulterCalcutta HC stays United Bank of India's declaration of Kingfisher Airlines as wilful defaulter
ET Bureau Sep 27, 2014, 06.48PM IST
Tags:
Calcutta HC
(The bank has been directed…)
MUMBAI: Grounded carrier Kingfisher Airlines on Saturday said it has got a stay order from the Calcutta High Court against a decision of the United Bank of India calling the airline a wilful defaulter.
"The bank has been directed to file its affidavit-in-opposition by November 3 and the petitioners have been directed to file their reply one week thereafter. The next date of hearing has been fixed for November 10," airline said in a statement.
The griavance redressal committee of UBI had in the beginning of September declared the Vijay Mallya controlled airline a wilful defaulter for non-payment of Rs 400 crore of dues. Three company directors — Subhash R Gupte, Ravi Nedungadi and Anil Kumar Ganguly — also figure in the list.
Kingfisher, along with its current and former directorshad filed a writ petition in the Calcutta High Court against UBI and others, "challenging the constitutional validity of the RBI's Master Circular on Wilful Defaulters as well as challenging the ex-parte decision of the grievance redressal committee constituted by United Bank of India declaring the petitioners wilful defaulters," the airline said.
Kingfisher folded operations in October 2012 after a strike by employees over salary dues, due to losses and debt worth billions of dollars. Two months later, the country's aviation regulator suspended its license as it failed to produce a convincing business plan to resume operations. The license expires in December.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jayalalithaa convicted in DA case  gets 4 years in jail  Rs 100 cr fine; to step down as Tamil Nadu CMThe 66-year-old AIADMK supremo has been slapped with a fine of Rs 100 crore, highest imposed on any politician.
Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: September 27, 2014 6:54 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 11:13 am
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister   J Jayalalithaa  was on Saturday convicted under the Prevention of Corruption Act and sentenced to four years in prison for accumulating wealth disproportionate to her known sources of income in  18-year-old corruption case .
The special court judge, John Michael Cunha, also imposed a hefty Rs 100-crore fine on Jayalalithaa. Three other persons who were accused in the case — friend V K Sasikala, Sasikala’s nephew V N Sudhakaran and sister-in-law J Illavarasi — were also sentenced to four years of simple imprisonment for being co-conspirators in the acquisition of Rs 53.64 crore of disproportionate assets between 1991 and 1996. Fines of Rs 10 crore each were imposed on the three co-accused.
Jayalalithaa, 66, was sent to Bangalore central prison after the judgment but was later shifted to Shri Jayadeva Institute of Cardiology after a medical check in jail. She had produced before the judge medical certificates from the Apollo Hospital in Chennai, claiming to be suffering from Type 2 diabetes, hypertension and heart problem.
In his 1000-page judgment, Cunha stated that the prosecution had proved beyond doubt that the accused had acquired the assets worth Rs 53.64 crore unlawfully. The prosecution had claimed that assets worth Rs 66.65 crore had been acquired by Jayalalithaa and the co-accused.
 
Jayalalithaa and the others have also been found guilty of criminal conspiracy and have been sentenced on this account to six month in prison.
Lawyers for Jayalalithaa said they were attempting to move the Karnataka high court to seek a stay on the conviction to enable her to continue as chief minister and to stay out of prison. The high court is on vacation and a special bench is likely to be approached on Monday.
In a statement ahead of her sentencing, Jayalalithaa appealed for leniency, claiming that the case against her was politically motivated and foisted on her by political rivals 18 years ago. She sought a lenient sentence on the grounds that she was suffering from illnesses and stress.
The judgment came amid tight security, including prohibitory orders in a 2km radius around the special court’s premises. As many as 29 ministers from Jayalalithaa’s cabinet and several members of parliament waited outside the court in a special tent raised by the Bangalore police.
As Jayalalithaa was being taken away to prison several of them started crying “Amma, Amma!’’. A minor scene was created when the CM and Sasikala locked themselves in their car and continued…

India may not join US-led global coalition against ISIS6
0
New York: With 40 of its nationals still in captivity in Iraq, India may not join the all-out efforts of the US in creating a global coalition against the Islamic State terror group for which President Barack Obama is expected to seek the support of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
So far, more than 40 countries have joined the US-led international coalition against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) or the Islamic State (IS) as it is better known across the globe.
According to the sources, India, which has been a victim of terrorism and has a very tough stance on the issue, will not be able to overtly go against Islamic State terror group that has gained control over large swaths of Syria and Iraq, where it still has its nationals as hostages. "Our position is very well known against menace of terrorism. But we have 40 of our nationals who are still in captivity," the sources said.
So far, more than 40 countries have joined the US-led international coalition against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) or the Islamic State (IS) as it is better known across the globe.
#india #us #tracking the modi government #islamic states
While India could secure release of its 46 nurses from the captivity of militants, its another 40 nationals, working on projects near the Iraqi city of Mosul were kidnapped by ISIS militants in early June. Obama, as he has been doing with other global leaders, is expected to urge Modi during their talks in Washington to join the international coalition against the IS terrorist outfit, which if left unchallenged poses a major threat to the security and stability of the region and the world.
The White House, however, has refused to make any comment on the substance of discussion between Obama and Modi on September 29 and 30. "As we've said, we believe there is a role for all countries to play. Beyond that, I'm not in position to preview the substance of the visit yet," Caitlin Hayden, spokesperson of the National Security Council of the White House, had said.
ISIL militants have executed two American journalists and a British aid worker in Syria, prompting the West to join hands to combat the terror group.
5

LIVE: PM Narendra Modi’s first address at United NationsPrint
Narendra Modi addresses the 69th session of the United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters in New York on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Ritu Sarin | New Delhi | Posted: September 27, 2014 8:18 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 7:38 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi delivered a firm first speech at the United Nations  on Saturday, telling Pakistan to create an “appropriate environment” for serious bilateral dialogue “without the shadow of terrorism”.
Speaking in Hindi, Modi gave two minutes of his half-hour speech to dismiss Pakistani demand for a plebiscite in Kashmir, saying “raising issues in this forum is not the way to make progress towards resolving issues between our two countries”.
The PM did not directly refer to Nawaz Sharif, who had attacked India on Kashmir in his speech to the forum Friday, but asserted that Pakistan must take its responsibility seriously to create an appropriate environment for a bilateral dialogue to promote friendship and cooperation.
ALSO READ:  Narendra Modi asks world leaders to adopt International Yoga Day
While he spoke inside, Modi’s supporters outside the United Nations far outnumbered those shouting slogans for Azad Kashmir. Gitesh Desai, an Indian engineer who had flown in from Texas to cheer the Prime Minister said, “This is the moment for Narendra Modi to step on to the world stage and we all wanted to come to New York and be a part of it.’’
The crowd, comprising almost equal number of men and women, carried placards with messages like “New York loves Modi”, “America loves Modi” and chanted “Modi, Modi” slogans. People, carrying flags of India and the US, were seen playing conch and drums.
READ:  Modi meets UN chief, refers to Sharif’s remarks on Kashmir
A 75-year old supporter Satish Malhotra said that he has been here for 40 years and hads never seen such support and enthusiasm for any Indian leader.
Modi’s address was conversational but the message was tough. He spoke of fighting global terrorism and said there was a need to strengthen the United Nations or it faces the risk of becoming “irrelevant”.
He spoke about the distinction others were trying to make between “good terrorism” and “bad terrorism” and, in an indirect reference to Pakistan, said that many countries were allowing terrorist sanctuaries on their territory or using terrorism as an instrument of state policy.
ALSO READ:   India PMs who delivered key speeches at the United Nations
In a clear reference to China, he said even without any major wars, there was an absence of real peace. “An integrating Asia-Pacific region is still concerned about maritime security that is fundamental to its future,” he said. Maritime security has been listed as a priority area during his Washington meeting with President Barak Obama.
If the Ministry of External Affairs had yesterday indicated that the PM’s address at the UNGA would be “forward looking” some sections of it indeed were. He spoke about space and cyberspace being the new instruments of prosperity but how they could also turn into the new “theatre of conflicts”.
Modi listed three areas in a sort of charter of demand: for the United Nations to adopt the comprehensive convention on international terrorism, adopt a post-2015 development agenda and, finally in typical Modi style, for the world community to celebrate an international yoga day.
Raising issues in this forum is not the way to make progress towards resolving issues.

Asian Games 2014: India goes past spirited China  reach semisIndia's VR Raghunath (right) in action against Pakistan recently; Raghunath opened the scoring for India against China on Saturday. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Incheon | Posted: September 27, 2014 4:11 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 4:17 pm
A scrappy India eked out a hard-fought 2-0 win over lower-ranked China to progress to the semi-finals of the men’s hockey competition at the 17th Asian Games in Incheon on Saturday.
After a goalless opening 30 minutes, drag-flick exponent V R Raghunath (40th minute) and Birendra Lakra (45th) scored two goals in quick succession to give India a 2-0 lead at the end of the third quarter.
But the ninth-ranked Indians were far from impressive as their forwardline failed to break the defence of the 27th ranked Chinese despite enjoying the lions share of possession in the match.
Needing at least a draw to progress to the knock-out stage after the close 1-2 defeat against arch-rivals Pakistan, the Indians were slow to get off the blocks.
There was hardly anything to differentiate between the two sides in the first quarter as both the teams wasted the far and few chances that came their way.
It was India who earned the first penalty corner of the match in the 29th minute of the match but they wasted the chance going for a variation even as drag-flicker Raghunath was off the pitch.
The Indians were hurt badly by the absence of their second drag-flicker Rupinderpal Singh, who continued to warm the bench for the second consecutive match due to an injury sustained against Oman.
Raghunath’s lacklustre performance continued as he managed to utilise just one of the five penalty corners that came their way.
After the change of ends, the Indians came out with more purpose and unleashed an array of attacks on the Chinese goal which resulted in their second penalty corner.
And this time Raghunath was bang on target with a powerful low flick to the right of Chinese goalkeeper Rui Xu to give India a 1-0 lead 10 minutes into the third quarter.
Five minutes later, India doubled their lead when Lakra scored with a fine field effort after a fine one-two with Akashdeep Singh.
India continued their attacking play and earned two back-to-back penalty corners at the start of the fourth and final quarter but Raghunath wasted both the opportunities.
China, on the other hand, were more reliant on counter attacks and on a few occasions looked threatening only to be denied by an alert Indian defense.
It took China at least 50 minutes to earn their first penalty corner of the match but Indian goalkeeper P R Sreejesh was upto the task to thwart any danger to his goal.
Thereafter, both India and China secured a penalty corner each only to see their efforts go in vain.
By virtue of this win, India booked their place in the semifinals as the second best team from Pool B where they play hosts Korea, while Pakistan will face Malaysia in the other last four match.
 

Invest a small amount leave it for 5 years. small amount to loose and ...New Member
6 Followers
I don`t think it will take 5 years to gain significant profit out of 3I Infotech. I think all management plans are working out...We should see good progress in next 2 quarters. Once non-core assets are sold, you may see good interest from Tier-1 companies or other Tier-2 companies to takeover 3I Infotech...Q2 results hopefully gong to be good (some profitability)...Good time to add/accumulate and HOLD on for 3-6 months....
10.52 AM Sep 29th

Dear dolly  only on correction. tilakNew Member
0 Follower
Namaste Sir you are doing great work by helping small investor I am following you since long time but due to personal reason i cannot able to invest in stocks much but now i can afford to invest regulary Please  kindly suggest few stock in which i could invest at CMP in SIP for few years and Might get decent return over period of time
7.53 PM Oct 1st

I think people are waiting to renter at 0.50 as after this only 1.50...2 Followers
Reposted about 55 days 14 hrs 33 min 6 sec ago by New Boarder
well, bulk deal buying started already.  Last Friday there were 2 deals at least I noticed - Sree Ganesh Traders purchased 80lakh shares, 86lakh shares - both deals at Rs. 0.30 name of person(Mukhesh Kumar).
during previous sessions, there were only buyers/no sellers.  So am not surprised to see it going up by 16%today.
Have patience will touch Rs 1.0/- by the end of the year.
9.52 AM Sep 29th

Live: No country free from the threat of terrorism  says PM Modi at UNGA8:23 am: 
8:23 am: 
7:09 am: Prime Minister Narendra Modi leaves for India after his five-day visit to the US. He said, "Thank you America". "I achieved a lot in these five days. I am going back to India very satisfied."
11:58 pm: Agreed to create energy innovation laboratories in India, also agreed to upgrade our national parks-Vikram Doraiswami: MEA #ModiMeetsObama
11:43 pm: 
11:38 pm: PM Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama pay homage to Martin Luther King Memorial, the leader of African-American Civil Rights Movement: PTI #ModiMeetsObama
11:38 pm: US Vice President Joe Biden: Our ties have grown enormously #ModiMeetsObama
11:34 pm: John Kerry: India, US are two countries who begin Constitution with "We the People". we share the same economic and political imperatives. We want history to remember what PM Modi did for India's development & what Mahatma Gandhi did for its freedom in same breath.
11:30 pm: India-US to work together on disrupting financial & tactical support for LeT, JeM, D-company & Haqqani network. #ModiMeetsObama
11:29 pm: John Kerry: Mr PM, no matter how our warm our welcome here we are not going to be able to top the Madison Square Garden reception. #ModiMeetsObama
11:22 pm: India-US Group to address all implementation issues to speed up deployment of US origin nuclear reactors in India : MEA #ModiMeetsObama
11:08 pm: I have extended an invitation to President Obama and his family to visit India: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
11:07 pm: The issue of climate change is a priority for both India and US: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
11:05 pm: 
11:04 pm: After India-US Summit on Mars, we are meeting here on earth - PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
11:02 pm: We had an open discussion on WTO issue. We support trade facilitation but a solution that takes care of our food security must be found: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:57 pm: US President Obama: I am impressed with how PM Modi is working for the poorest of the poor and revitalising the economy. #ModiMeetsObama
10:56 pm: US President Obama : Discussed trade issues, maritime rules, fight against Islamic State with PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:54 pm: US to cooperate as knowledge partner for India's planned National Defence University. #ModiMeetsObama
10:53 pm: PM Modi: India-US decide to renew Framework Agreement for defence cooperation for further 10 years #ModiMeetsObama
10:52 pm: PM Modi: I sought support fro President Obama for greater access to India's service companies #ModiMeetsObama
10:52 pm: US to be lead partner in developing Allahabad, Ajmer & Vizag as Smart Cities: MEA #ModiMeetsObama
10:51 pm: PM Modi: I want to welcome US defence companies to boost our defence industry #ModiMeetsObama
10:50 pm: We both are committed to helping Afghanistan and improving our coordination in this area: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:50 pm: PM Modi: I look forward to receive Obama and his family in India #ModiMeetsObama
10:48 pm: PM Modi: PM: We shared our concern over Ebola virus crisis #ModiMeetsObama
10:47 pm: We are both serious about resolving issues related to civil nuclear deal, it's important for India's energy security: Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:46 pm: I urged President Obama to take steps whereby our service companies can get access to the American economy: Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:44 pm: We decided to deepen our existing ties with India: US President Barack Obama #ModiMeetsObama
10:44 pm: Glad to meet Obama, thank him for his hospitality: PM Narendra Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:43 pm: We discussed international situation, security issues and Middle East violence and extremism: Obama after meeting Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:39 pm: 
10:20 pm: PM Modi held talks with US President Barack Obama on 'substantive' bilateral, regional and international issues: PTI #ModiMeetsObama
9:59 pm: India and US agree to extend their defence agreement for 10 years, say Pentagon sources: PTI #ModiMeetsObama
9:29 pm: President Obama wants stabilisation in Indo-US relations: Strobe Talbott #ModiMeetsObama
9:28 pm: Modi, Obama both no-nonsense guys, they don't care about ceremonial things: Strobe Talbott #ModiMeetsObama
9:27 pm: Strobe Talbott, President, Brookings Institution: Keen to know if India will back US action against ISIS #ModiMeetsObama
8:43 pm: PM Narendra Modi, US President Barack Obama to issue a joint statement shortly. #ModiMeetsObama
8:34 pm: 
8:29 pm: Prime Minister Narendra Modi reaches White House for bilateral meet with President Barack Obama. #ModiMeetsObama
7:12 pm: 

LOOK: Here s John Malkovich In History s Most Iconic Portraitsreddit
It's hard being John Malkovich . Harder still when John Malkovich is off doing his best Marilyn Monroe, then throwing on a quick Andy Warhol, Einstein and Picasso before ending the day as Salvador Dalí.
Indeed, the only one capable of such a feat, as evidenced by American portrait photographer Sandro Miller 's latest project, may be Malkovich himself. In an interesting collaboration, the two artists teamed up to recreate some of history's most iconic portraits, naming the resulting body of work "Malkovich, Malkovich, Malkovich: Homage to Photographic Masters."
"Eighteen months ago I flew to France to see John, armed with a package of 30 iconic images by 28 master photographers, and to tell him about my idea for a new project," Miller explained in a release emailed to The Huffington Post. "After consuming two bottles of wine with John, I showed him my idea and he fell in love."
Miller said he and a team of experts spent the next eight months dissecting every last detail of the photos, an effort to ensure the project honored -- not mocked -- the original photographers.
"My biggest fear was that people wouldn’t take this project seriously. I didn’t want these to be a parody," Miller said in the statement. "I was serious about paying homage to these photographers and photographs that changed my perspective on photography. These images inspired me throughout my career and developed me into the photographer I am today ... This is my way of saying thank you to the masters that created these amazing images."
In addition to serving as the model, Malkovich was "very involved" behind the scenes, says Miller. The actor often applied his own makeup -- a process that took "at least two hours per shot" -- and made his own wax nose for the Picasso and Salvador Dalí photos.
The full series will debut at Chicago's Catherine Edelman Gallery on Nov. 7 and run through January 31, 2015. Several special releases are planned for the project, too: cultural review magazine 7-Post will publish an exclusive interview with Malkovich on the series in its on October 3 issue, and the French newspaper Liberation will also run an interview on the project.
View photos from "Malkovich, Malkovich, Malkovich: Homage to Photographic Masters," below:
Dorothea Lange / Migrant Mother, Nipomo, California (1936), 2014
© Sandro Miller courtesy of Catherine Edelman Gallery Chicago
Albert Watson / Alfred Hitchcock with Goose (1973), 2014
© Sandro Miller courtesy of Catherine Edelman Gallery Chicago
Arthur Sasse / Albert Einstein Sticking Out His Tongue (1951), 2014
© Sandro Miller courtesy of Catherine Edelman Gallery Chicago
Andy Warhol / Green Marilyn (1962), 2014
© Sandro Miller courtesy of Catherine Edelman Gallery Chicago
Andy Warhol / Self Portrait with Fright Wig (1986), 2014
© Sandro Miller courtesy of Catherine Edelman Gallery Chicago
Art Shay / Simone de Beauvoir (1950), 2014
© Sandro Miller courtesy of Catherine Edelman Gallery Chicago
Carl Fischer, Muhammad Ali, New York (1968), 2014
© Sandro Miller courtesy of Catherine Edelman Gallery Chicago
Gordon Parks / American Gothic, Washington, D.C. (1942), 2014
© Sandro Miller courtesy of Catherine Edelman Gallery Chicago
Annie Leibovitz / John Lennon and Yoko Ono (1980), 2014
© Sandro Miller courtesy of Catherine Edelman Gallery Chicago
David Bailey / Mick Jagger “Fur Hood” (1964), 2014
© Sandro Miller courtesy of Catherine Edelman Gallery Chicago
Diane Arbus / Identical Twins, Roselle, New Jersey (1967), 2014
© Sandro Miller courtesy of Catherine Edelman Gallery Chicago
Alberton Korda / Che Guevara (1960),  2014
© Sandro Miller courtesy of Catherine Edelman Gallery Chicago
Bert Stern / Marilyn in Pink Roses (1962), 2014
© Sandro Miller courtesy of Catherine Edelman Gallery Chicago
Irving Penn / Pablo Picasso, Cannes, France (1957), 2014
© Sandro Miller courtesy of Catherine Edelman Gallery Chicago
Irving Penn / Truman Capote, New York (1948), 2014
© Sandro Miller courtesy of Catherine Edelman Gallery Chicago
Edward Sheriff Curtis / Three Horses (1905), 2014
© Sandro Miller courtesy of Catherine Edelman Gallery Chicago
Philippe Halsman / Salvador Dalí (1954), 2014
© Sandro Miller courtesy of Catherine Edelman Gallery Chicago
Richard Avedon / Ronald Fischer, Beekeeper, Davis, California, May 9, (1981), 2014
© Sandro Miller courtesy of Catherine Edelman Gallery Chicago
Herb Ritts / Jack Nicholson, London (1988), 2014
© Sandro Miller courtesy of Catherine Edelman Gallery Chicago
Robert Mapplethorpe / Self Portrait (1983), 2014
© Sandro Miller courtesy of Catherine Edelman Gallery Chicago
Bert Stern / Marilyn Monroe, crucifix II (1962), 2014
© Sandro Miller courtesy of Catherine Edelman Gallery Chicago
Victor Skrebneski / Bette Davis, Actor, 08 November 1971, Los Angeles Studio, 2014
© Sandro Miller courtesy of Catherine Edelman Gallery Chicago
Yousuf Karsh / Ernest Hemingway (1957), 2014
© Sandro Miller courtesy of Catherine Edelman Gallery Chicago
Correction: An earlier version of this story mistakenly referenced Malkovich impersonating Madonna in one of the photos. The series does not include a Madonna recreation.
More:

Taliban Militants Attack Afghan Villages  Behead CiviliansTaliban Militants Attack Afghan Villages, Burning Homes And Beheading Civilians
 | By                                                                AMIR SHAH and MIRWAIS KHAN
Posted:
reddit
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) — The Taliban beheaded 12 Afghan civilians, mostly family members of local policemen, in an assault that was part of a week-long offensive that has so far killed 60 people and wounded scores in a remote province in eastern Afghanistan, officials said Friday.
However, a Taliban spokesman in Ghazni province denied the reports of beheadings and civilian slayings, insisting the insurgents were only fighting Afghan forces there.
The violence comes amid the annual Taliban offensive, which this year will be an important gauge of how well Afghan government forces are able to face insurgent attacks ahead of the withdrawal of foreign combat troops at the end of the year.
According to the Ghazni provincial deputy police chief, Asadullah Ensafi, the Taliban on Thursday night captured and beheaded 12 civilians and torched some 60 homes in an attack in the province's district of Arjistan.
Details were sketchy because of the remoteness of the rugged mountainous area, about 100 kilometers (60 miles) southwest of the capital, Kabul, but Afghan officials said that women and children were believed to be among the casualties. There are no NATO troops stationed in the district.
Beheadings are rare in Afghanistan, though they occasionally take place as part of the Taliban campaign to intimidate and exact revenge on the families of Afghan troops and security forces.
"We don't have the time for this (beheadings) while we are fighting," Taliban spokesman Qari Yousaf told The Associated Press over the phone.  "These reports are baseless and a lie."
The offensive in Ghazni comes as Afghanistan readies to inaugurate the country's new president, Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai, who officially takes over from Hamid Karzai on Monday.
Over the past week, the Taliban have been attacking several villages in Ghazni's Arjistan district, Ensafi said, and battles in the area were still raging Friday, he said.
On Friday morning, the Taliban detonated a car bomb in front of an encampment where some 40 Afghan policemen were based in Arjistan, killing at least 8 policemen, said the province's deputy governor, Mohammad Ali Ahmadi.
Ensafi said it was not immediately possible to reach the area to determine the exact number of casualties because the insurgents had mined the roads.
Ahmadi, who also confirmed the beheadings, said that attack and the car bomb brought the overall death toll in the Taliban offensive in Ghazni to 60. The victims included both civilians and policemen, he said.
Ahmadi said Afghan commandos have been airlifted from Kabul to the area to battle the Taliban and prevent the district from falling to the insurgents.
In Kabul, Ghazni lawmaker Nafisa Azimi said the situation in the province remains very dangerous, adding that the Taliban have taken scores of civilians from Arjistan hostage.
Yousaf, the Taliban spokesman, claimed the insurgents were in full control of Arjistan and that the government was trying to "save face" over its losses by accusing the Taliban with "false reports" of beheadings and civilian deaths.
Fighting between insurgents and Afghan forces was also underway Friday in Gizab district in the southern province of Uruzgan, said Abdullah Khan, the district governor. He said the Taliban were now in control of almost 80 percent of that district and were trying to capture the governor's office there.
"I alerted superiors in Kabul but we have gotten no response so far," Khan said. "If we don't get reinforcements soon, we might lose the district."
He said the situation in Sangin district in neighboring Helmand province was similar and that the Taliban there had also captured most of the district.
There was no immediate comment on the fighting from the central government in Kabul.
Each spring and summer bring an escalation in fighting in Afghanistan with the end of snowy winter weather, which hampers movement. The melting of the snows also opens up mountain passes, allowing militant forces to move in from neighboring Pakistan.
The country's new president, Ghani Ahmadzai, is expected to sign a security agreement — perhaps as early as next week — that allows some 10,000 U.S. troops to remain in Afghanistan after all combat troops are withdrawn by the end of the year.
A protracted dispute over the results of a June presidential runoff with allegations of widespread fraud had delayed the signing of the deal.
But on Sunday, Ghani Ahmadzai and his rival for the post, Abdullah Abdullah, signed a power-sharing deal after Afghanistan's election commission named Ghani Ahmadzai the winner of the election and noted that Abdullah would fill the newly created position of chief executive, a post akin to prime minister.
___
Khan reported from Kandahar, Afghanistan.
More:

You Won t Believe What This Fake  Giant Thumb Is Forreddit
Scared your thumbs might be too tiny to handle the iPhone 6 Plus or other huge touchscreen devices? A new product from Japan is here to help.
Tokyo-based gadget company Thanko Inc. has created a thumb extender that makes it easier to navigate screens on large phone-tablet hybrids, known as "phablets." The company originally created the device, which it calls the "Yubi Nobiiru," back in May, and it seems to work pretty well.
Activities we would not recommend while wearing the thumb: wearily massaging your eye sockets, tying shoelaces or holding babies.
The mega thumb addresses complaints that phablet screens are too big to navigate with just one hand. Some have even said that the 5.5-inch screen on the iPhone 6 Plus is causing "thumb stretch" for men and women alike.
So how does the "Yubi Nobiiru" work? It's primarily made of silicone and has a conductor on the edge of the thumb that allows you to manipulate your screen, according to The Wall Street Journal.
In a video posted to YouTube, which you can watch above, the company demonstrates that its extender is particularly handy when you're riding on public transportation and have to use one hand to hold on. That's when you should attach the big, fake plastic thumb to your other hand for an extra half-inch of smartphone-tapping pleasure.
We haven't been lucky enough to try the thumb ourselves, but based on the video, we give it one giant-sized thumb up.
(h/t Wall Street Journal)
More:

US: Man with implanted horns tells jury that convicted him of murder   I ll see you all in hell29
0
Springfield (Massachusetts): A man who has bumps resembling horns implanted in his forehead was found guilty of murder and other charges on Friday for his role in the kidnapping and slaying of three Massachusetts men in 2011.
"I'll see you all in hell," Caius Veiovis, 34, of Pittsfield, yelled at the jury that convicted him after deliberating over six days. Veiovis also was convicted Friday of kidnapping and intimidation of a witness.
The dismembered bodies of David Glasser, 44; Edward Frampton, 58; and Robert Chadwell, 47, of Pittsfield were found buried in nearby Becket 10 days after they disappeared in August 2011. The killings shocked Pittsfield, a town of about 41,000 in northwestern Massachusetts. The trials were moved to Springfield.
"I'll see you all in hell," Caius Veiovis, 34, of Pittsfield, yelled at the jury that convicted him after deliberating over six days.
#bizarre #massachusetts murder case #jury #horns
Two co-defendants in the case were convicted of the same charges earlier this year. They are serving life without parole, the mandatory term Veiovis faces at his sentencing on Monday.
Prosecutors said Veiovis helped Adam Lee Hall, 37, of Peru, and David Chalue, 47, of North Adams, kidnap and shoot the victims weeks before Glasser was to testify against Hall, a Hells Angels member, in an assault case. The others were killed to eliminate witnesses, prosecutors said. Defense attorneys argued there was shaky evidence.
Berkshire District Attorney David Capeless said he is gratified by the verdicts and hopes it helps the victims' families by ending "the constant reminder to them of what has happened to their loved ones," the Springfield Republican reported.
Defense attorney James Reardon Jr. said he disagrees with the verdict but respects the jury's diligence, the Republican reported. "I always have confidence in juries, and I still believe strongly in the American jury system," he said. He said Veiovis has an automatic appeal, and he hopes the verdict is overturned.
Reardon said before trial that he was concerned Veiovis's appearance might influence jurors, and potential panel members were asked about it.
Veiovis, formerly a resident of Augusta, Maine, has a 666 tattoo between two rows of forehead bumps, and other facial and neck tattoos. He legally changed his name from Roy Gutfinski Jr. in 2008 while serving more than seven years in a Maine prison for an assault with a razor followed by licking the teenage victim's blood, the Kennebec Journal reported.
16

Gold turns weak on fall in demand  price falls by Rs 320 to Rs 27 230 in DelhiCommodities
Gold turns weak on fall in demand, price falls by Rs 320 to Rs 27,230 in Delhi
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 27 2014, 15:52  IST
Sep 27 2014, 15:52  IST
 

GSLV MK III will make India self-reliant in...French Guiana
("With the launching of all…)
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: India does not need to rely on foreign countries for launching heavier communication satellites once its experimental mission of GSLV Mark III tasted success, Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre (VSSC) Director M Chandra Dathan today said.
"The GSLV Mark III, scheduled to be launched in November first week, will carry four tonne class of communication satellites and it will help India achieve self-reliance in this," he told reporters here.
He was attending a felicitation ceremony organised by the Press Club here to honour a group of scientists of VSSC here, which played a significant role in the Mars mission .
He said the country had been launching heavy communication satellites from French Guiana (through Arianespace) at present and once the experimental mission was a success there was no need to depend on them.
On other post-Mars Orbiter Mission projects of ISRO, he said the launching of PSLV-C26, which would carry IRNSS 1C satellite, had been scheduled on October 10 from Sriharikota.
It was the third in the IRNSS series and four more satellites were under plans, he said.
"With the launching of all seven in the IRNSS series, we can achieve self-reliance in the field of navigation,"he said.
Stating that ISRO's programmes for the next 25 years were well defined, he said Chandrayaan 2 and Solar Mission were also among the major projects in the offing.
"We are launching more navigation and communication satellites as they can bring immediate results. But, we need space missions like MOM also to study about this universe, formation of planets and so on. Otherwise we will become nothing in front of developed countries. It is already too late," he said.
Dathan also hailed Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his hearty and inspirational support which he extended to the ISRO scientists during the MOM insertion.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fancy meals but no food for fasting PM Narendra ModiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Deepika Padukone: The girl who dared to challenge the normIt began with an innocuous, angry tweet two weeks ago, but the storm in the coffee mug simply refuses to die down. Claims and counter-claims have kept the debate brewing for much too long.
Advertisement
In what was otherwise nothing more than a case of 'common' web content practice, the internet arm of a major media company put up a post showing Deepika's cleavage from a much older event with a screaming headline. Without doubt, it was done with the express desire to grab eyeballs: the 'item' had no news worthiness since it was more than a year old image. But in a domain where the pressure to 'increase' your viewership is so high and where the unofficial belief is that unless it is hard news, a bit of sensationalism is quite okay, this shouldn't have been a problem at all.
The truth is that for most part it would have gone unheeded had it not been for Deepika's tweet. It is, after all, not the first time a female actor has been 'commodified' thus. The difference being that in the past, nobody really had the gumption to stand-up and say: enough is enough.
That is where the Deepika trouble began.
While much energy has been spent in debating the legitimacy of the case, it also brings to light another issue: the confrontation between media (or at least a section of it) and Bollywood. We do not have too many instances of Bollywood biggies locking horns with big and powerful media houses. However, there have been instances in the past where the two have crossed swords. Here are a few famous examples:
Big B and 15-year-media hiatus
Back in the 70s, when the only superstar of the day, Rajesh Khanna was on his way out and Amitabh Bachchan was on the cusp of superstardom, the latter is said to have had a major fracas with a Mumbai-based gossip magazine. Such was the animosity between the two that they ended up boycotting each other... for the next 15 years! Here's how it all happened. In 1975, when Amitabh Bachchan's stars were on the ascend, the magazine invited him to a public function. Big B decided to skip it and instead, it is said, visited Dilip Kumar to discuss what could be done to handle what Bollywood saw as 'yellow' journalism. Infuriated at the slight by a rising star, the magazine is said to have imposed a ban on the actor. It was decided that Bachchan would henceforth never be interviewed by the magazine, and even his images wouldn't ever be published.
Soon, it came to light that a few other magazines too decided to blank him out. It was a popular, but unsubstantiated, claim that given the Big B's proximity to the then Prime Minister Mrs Indira Gandhi, he had a role to play in muzzling the voice of the media during the infamous days of Emergency.
Infuriated at the accusation, Bachchan also reportedly imposed a self 'ban' and refused to speak to media.
It was another matter that once his stars started to shine the brightest, famous French critic and one of the founders of the French New Wave Henri Truffaut mockingly coin the term 'one-man-industry' and the media lapped him up with open arms.
Papparazzi, Dharmendra and Devyani Chaubal
Back in the 70s, things were very different from what they are now. In one reported case, Dharmendra's two sons, Sunny and Bobby Deol, reportedly thrashed a woman journalist, Devyani Chaubal, for writing what they claimed was an unsubstantiated report on their father. This is how it panned out.
Dharmendra, as we all know, had a long and protracted romance with Hema Malini, whom he eventually married. But Garam Dharam was a married man with a wife and four kids. The romance meant that gossip factories worked overtime and the duo was constantly under scrutiny, much to the angst of their families, the lady in question and the actor himself.
In this case, Sunny and Bobby are said to have trailed Chaubal for writing something they didn't like. During the course of a party, attended by Chaubal and the Deol siblings, there was an argument and things went completely out of control. Chaubal reportedly left the venue in a huff. Not the ones to take things lying down, the two brothers waylaid her soon and thrashed her for showing their father in 'bad' light.
Who Devyani? Well, if you've seen Vidya Balan's Dirty Picture, you'll remember the character Anju Mahendroo plays. The journalist's character is loosely based on Devyani Chaubal.
Aamir Khan, Ajay Devgn and the awards
Aamir Khan and Ajay Devgn have for long boycotted every single media awards. While the popular perception is that most of these nominations and awards are 'fixed' the two haven't come out and spelt out their reasons why they've decided to skip the award nights.
Controversy 'kid' Salman Khan and photojournalists
A couple of days back Salman Khan, Bollywood's very own enfant terrible, ran into a rough patch with film photographers. During the launch of a song Devil from his film, Kick, his bouncers reportedly got tough with some photographers gathered there. This led to section of Mumbai photojournalists' fraternity issuing a ban on him. Haider girl Shraddha Kapoor too had a run-in with photographers recently at promotional event which lead to photographers boycotting her too.

Maharashtra Governor recommends President s rule in state  Cabinet likely to give consentSep 27, 2014 at 07:20pm IST
Maharashtra Governor recommends President's rule in state, Cabinet likely to give consent
28
0
New Delhi: A day after Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan resigned from his post, a special meeting of the Union Cabinet has been convened on Saturday evening to discuss the political situation in Maharashtra. According to sources, Maharashtra Governor CV Rao has recommended President's rule in the state.
"The Union Cabinet will meet at 7:30 PM today under the chairmanship of Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh," a senior official said on Saturday.
Rajnath Singh has been authorised by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to take emergency decisions during his ongoing US tour.
Maharashtra Governor CV Rao has recommended President's rule in the state.
#maharashtra #rajnath singh #cv rao #prithviraj chavan
After NCP withdrew support, Chavan resigned on Friday and his resignation was accepted by Governor C Vidyasagar Rao on Saturday.
NCP decided to terminate the 15-year-old alliance with Congress as talks between the two parties for seat-sharing ahead of the October 15 Assembly polls failed.
3

Gruden: Cousins’ turnovers worrisome but correctableBy Mike Jones September 27 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Kirk Cousins, right, had four interceptions and a lost fumble, but Jay Gruden wouldn’t pin the blame solely on his quarterback. (Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
In Thursday night’s debacle against the New York Giants, Redskins quarterback Kirk Cousins reverted to the turnover-prone form that he displayed in limited action during the first two seasons of his career.
Cousins posted a career-worst five turnovers (four interceptions, one fumble lost) while throwing for just one touchdown. In 11 game appearances since his rookie year in 2012 – six of them starts – Cousins has recorded 15 interceptions and three lost fumbles to go with 14 touchdown passes. He has thrown multiple interceptions in four of those games.
Redskins coach Jay Gruden called Cousins’ penchant for turning the ball over worrisome, but said the young quarterback was hardly the sole problem in Thursday’s game.
“It’s worrisome, [but] you have to take the game for what it is. We lost the game, he didn’t play very well, he threw four picks, we understand that, and a fumble, but he didn’t have a lot of help, either,” Gruden said. “There weren’t a lot of people – the defense didn’t help him out, the offensive line didn’t help him out, the receivers didn’t help him out. There’s a lot of other factors that we could have had better game, a better outing, if other people were helping more. It’s not just Kirk. Kirk, his mistakes are magnified obviously, but there are other guys who had mistakes that were equally important and devastating to the football game. We just have to continue to work to get better, and we will, but we’re not going to hold Kirk’s head under the water right now. We’re going to keep him composed and getting better, and he’s going to be fine next week.”
Cousins’ ball security issues don’t come from a lack of preparation. The third-year quarterback spends every spare moment at Redskins Park studying the play book, watching film and diagraming plays. He’s often one the last players to leave the practice field, and the last to leave the facility in the evenings.
Gruden believes inexperience has a lot to do with Cousins’ turnover woes. Gruden also believes the problem is correctable.
“He’s a young guy playing the position, and young guys playing that position at this level will tend to make mistakes from time to time,” Gruden said. “We’ve just got to make sure he sees the throws a little bit better and his eyes are in the right spot. There’s a couple of them that he stared down the receiver and the safety just came over and made an easy pick. One of them he just had bad location on the ball to Ryan Grant, and another one he threw a blind one to the out route when he was throwing to Andre Roberts and the nickel was sitting right there. He never saw him, which you have to see those throws. You’ve got to get his eyes in the right spot, got to calm in down, and then we’ve got to help him out as play callers to get him more comfortable. And then the game itself – we can’t get down 17 points and then expect him to be prolific throwing the football. We’ve got to do a better job of keeping the game in check where we have all phases of our offense intact in the fourth quarter.”
Mike Jones covers the Washington Redskins for The Washington Post. When not writing about a Redskins development of some kind – which is rare – he can be found screaming and cheering at one of his kids’ softball, baseball, soccer or basketball games.

Calcutta HC stays United Bank of India s wilful defaulter tag  says Kingfisher AirlinesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Men’s team give India first ever gold in Asian Games squash  women’s team bag silverPress Trust of India | Incheon | Posted: September 27, 2014 7:52 pm
Saurav Ghosal and Harinder Pal Sandhu played their hearts out against tough Malaysian opponents and won 2-0 in the best-of-three men’s squash title contest to provide India with their second gold of the day in the 17th Asian Games on Saturday.
Sandhu pulled off a shocker when he upset Mohd Azlan Iskandar, who had won the singles gold four years ago at Guangzhou, in four games after playing like a man possessed.
Sandhu played some very good shots from the forecourt and used the side walls beautifully to carve out a 3-1 victory (11-8, 11-6, 8-11, 11-4) in two minutes under an hour to give India a great 1-0 start.
Top seed Ghosal, who had squandered the gold medal after holding a commanding 2-0 lead and a match-ball in the third to Kuwait’s Abdullah Almazayen earlier in the week, then fought tooth and nail to make a comeback from 0-1 down and get the better of Malaysian veteran and former world no 7 Ong Beng Hee 3-2 to help India snatch the gold medal.
Ghosal won 6-11, 11-7, 11-6, 12-14, 11-9 after an 88-minute marathon battle where no quarters were given and none asked for by either rival.
Ghosal dropped the opener in 17 minutes after scores were level at 5, and then won the second in 12 minutes after taking a commanding 8-3 lead and levelled the set scores.
The Kolkata-born looked in good touch as he raced to win the third in just 12 minutes when world no 35 Beng Hee made a fightback.
From 4-all, the Malaysian held the lead which he did not relinquish till 11-all and then held match-ball at 12-11 but lost the game in extra points as he had done in the third game against Abdullah two days ago.
However, he was determined this time around he would not allow the prize to slip away and though Ong Beng Hee tried hard to unsettle him, the Indian managed to stave off the danger and went to match-ball at 10-8.
The Malaysian saved one point but then found no answer to the second.
Later Ghosal said he was glad that in the team championship he could do what he could not achieve in the individual gold medal contest on September 25.
“I wanted to win this for the team after losing the final earlier. It was a tough game but I am glad I could achieve it,” said the world no 16.
Earlier, the Indian women were beaten 0-2 in the team final by Malaysia who were spearheaded by world no 1 Nicol David in the gold medal contest to settle for the silver.
Delia Arnold gave Malaysia the lead when she defeated a fighting Anaka Alankamony 3-0 (11-9, 12-10, 11-2) in 43 minutes, the Indian continued…
Sandhu pulled off a shocker when he upset Mohd Azlan Iskandar, who had won the singles gold four years ago at Guangzhou

Orphaned by floods  four Assam kids now head for SOS villageAltogether 37 persons have died in the Assam floods in the past six days, twelve of them in the Boko revenue circle in Kamrup district.
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 27, 2014 7:25 pm
Four little children who just managed to survive after being almost washed away by the unprecedented flash floods that devastated Kamrup district in lower Assam last week, but were orphaned, have found a new leash of life. The four – Nayan (13), Namita (8), Rupam (13) and Bhanita (8) – are being shifted to an SOS Village near here next week.
Students of Class VII and III respectively, Nayan and Namita were living with mother Ahalya Kumari in village Belpara after her husband Ananda Kumar had died of illness five years ago. Last Monday, when flash floods coming down from the hills of the adjoining North Garo Hills district of Meghalaya, washed their thatch-and-bamboo house away, their mother Ahalya Kumari also went missing.
It was only two days later that her decomposed body was fished out from a paddy field about two kms away after the flood-waters considerably receded. By then some villagers had managed to rescue little Nayan and Namita and put them into a safer place on the National Highway that passes by the area.
As thatch-and-bamboo houses of the poor farmers of Belpara got washed away, the gushing waves of the Boko and Singra rivers also turned two other children orphans, they being Rupam (13) and Bhanita (8). Bodies of their parents Padma Kumar and Babita Kumari were fished out three days later. Altogether 37 persons have died in the Assam floods in the past six days, twelve of them in the Boko revenue circle in Kamrup district. Belpara incidentally is under Boko Circle in Kamrup, and Boko is the only ISO-9000 certified  revenue circle in the entire country.
“Students of the Nabapara Primary School that itself requires to be rebuilt after the floods only left behind six pillars of what used to be a school till one week ago, Nayan, Namita, Rupam and Bhanita are being soon shifted to the SOS Village at Azara on the outskirts of Guwahati,” Rakhi Chakraborty, a special officer attached to Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi, told The Indian Express today.
Though there was some initial resistance from relatives, an elder member of the extended Kumar family prevailed upon the others and made them agree to send the children off, Chakraborty said  The four children of Belpara will be formally shifted next week after the death rituals of their parents were over.
Chakraborty, who has visited the devastated Belpara village twice in the past three days said the four children are keen on pursuing studies, and have been convinced that they would lead better and continued…

Live Cricket Score  CLT20  CSK vs PER: CSK struggle against PER bowlingDhoni made his intentions clear as he lofted Arafat's full toss over deep midwicket for a six. (Source: BCCI)
Press Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: September 27, 2014 8:16 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 11:56 pm
A disciplined Chennai Super Kings on Saturday produced an all-round effort to defeat Perth Scorchers by 13 runs and brighten their hopes of earning a semifinal berth in the Oppo Champions League Twenty20, in Bangalore.
Invited to bat, the Super Kings rode on Ravindra Jadeja’s 28-ball unbeaten 44 and Mahendra Singh Dhoni’s 16-ball 35 to post a challenging 155 for six.
Ravichandran Ashwin then shone with the ball, returning impressive figures of 3/20 to restrict the Scorchers to 142 for seven in 20 overs.
That the CSK got enough to defend was mainly due to the brisk 64-run sixth-wicket partnership, which came off just 30 balls, between Jadeja and Dhoni. This after the Scorchers spinners, led by Brad Hogg, had stifled the two-time IPL winners at the Chinnaswamy Stadium.
But the complexion changed once Dhoni smashed Yasir Arafat for 27 runs with the help of three sixes in the penultimate over of Super Kings’ innings.
While the CSK skipper got out while going for another maximum in the final over, which also ended his crucial association with Jadeja, the left-handed all-rounder hit a six and a four to finish things off in style for the Super Kings.
Dhoni hit four sixes while Jadeja found the fence four times and cleared it twice.
When their turn to bat came, the Scorchers lost Craig Simmons and Ashton Agar with 26 runs on the board. While Simmons was foxed by Ashish Nehra’s slower ball, Agar had no answer to a quicker one from Ashwin.
Captain Adam Voges and Mitchell Marsh put up a brief resistance before the latter was castled by off-spinner Ashwin. Sam Whiteman did not last long while Voges too fell after making 27 off 24 balls.
At the start of 17th over, the Scorchers needed 58 off 24, but Nathan Coulter-Nile and Ashton Turner reduced the margin to 44 in the last three.
Just after completing a 33-ball sixth-wicket 50-run partnership with Coulter-Nile, Turner was run out due to Dhoni’s smart work, putting to rest whatever little hopes Scorchers had of pulling off a shock win.
The Australian outfit is more or less out of contention.
Earlier, the Super Kings were off to a bad start losing Brendon McCullum with just 15 runs on the board, the batsman playing a Joel Paris delivery onto his stumps in the third over of the innings.
Next to get out was the dangerous Suresh Raina, with batting partner Dwayne Smith playing a role in the left-hander’s run out. Standing at the non striker’s end, Raina made the call after Smith inside edged one to the third man, but the batsman did not respond. Raina could not beat
Nathan Coulter-Nile’s throw from the deep.
CSK were in for more trouble when Smith’s painful stay at the crease came to an end after he was cleaned up by Yasir Arafat’s slower ball.
At 33 for three in the sixth over, CSK were in deep trouble and the experienced Brad Hogg only added to their woes when Mithun Manhas, who had come in for Ishwar Pandey, top edged for the deep midwicket fielder to complete a continued…

Live Cricket Score  CLT20  CSK vs PER: CSK struggle against PER bowlingDhoni made his intentions clear as he lofted Arafat's full toss over deep midwicket for a six. (Source: BCCI)
Press Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: September 27, 2014 8:16 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 11:56 pm
A disciplined Chennai Super Kings on Saturday produced an all-round effort to defeat Perth Scorchers by 13 runs and brighten their hopes of earning a semifinal berth in the Oppo Champions League Twenty20, in Bangalore.
Invited to bat, the Super Kings rode on Ravindra Jadeja’s 28-ball unbeaten 44 and Mahendra Singh Dhoni’s 16-ball 35 to post a challenging 155 for six.
Ravichandran Ashwin then shone with the ball, returning impressive figures of 3/20 to restrict the Scorchers to 142 for seven in 20 overs.
That the CSK got enough to defend was mainly due to the brisk 64-run sixth-wicket partnership, which came off just 30 balls, between Jadeja and Dhoni. This after the Scorchers spinners, led by Brad Hogg, had stifled the two-time IPL winners at the Chinnaswamy Stadium.
But the complexion changed once Dhoni smashed Yasir Arafat for 27 runs with the help of three sixes in the penultimate over of Super Kings’ innings.
While the CSK skipper got out while going for another maximum in the final over, which also ended his crucial association with Jadeja, the left-handed all-rounder hit a six and a four to finish things off in style for the Super Kings.
Dhoni hit four sixes while Jadeja found the fence four times and cleared it twice.
When their turn to bat came, the Scorchers lost Craig Simmons and Ashton Agar with 26 runs on the board. While Simmons was foxed by Ashish Nehra’s slower ball, Agar had no answer to a quicker one from Ashwin.
Captain Adam Voges and Mitchell Marsh put up a brief resistance before the latter was castled by off-spinner Ashwin. Sam Whiteman did not last long while Voges too fell after making 27 off 24 balls.
At the start of 17th over, the Scorchers needed 58 off 24, but Nathan Coulter-Nile and Ashton Turner reduced the margin to 44 in the last three.
Just after completing a 33-ball sixth-wicket 50-run partnership with Coulter-Nile, Turner was run out due to Dhoni’s smart work, putting to rest whatever little hopes Scorchers had of pulling off a shock win.
The Australian outfit is more or less out of contention.
Earlier, the Super Kings were off to a bad start losing Brendon McCullum with just 15 runs on the board, the batsman playing a Joel Paris delivery onto his stumps in the third over of the innings.
Next to get out was the dangerous Suresh Raina, with batting partner Dwayne Smith playing a role in the left-hander’s run out. Standing at the non striker’s end, Raina made the call after Smith inside edged one to the third man, but the batsman did not respond. Raina could not beat
Nathan Coulter-Nile’s throw from the deep.
CSK were in for more trouble when Smith’s painful stay at the crease came to an end after he was cleaned up by Yasir Arafat’s slower ball.
At 33 for three in the sixth over, CSK were in deep trouble and the experienced Brad Hogg only added to their woes when Mithun Manhas, who had come in for Ishwar Pandey, top edged for the deep midwicket fielder to complete a continued…

Live: Modi says Pakistan should come forward for bilateral talksPrime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday hit back at Pakistan, questioning its seriousness in resolving the Kashmir issue by raising it at the United Nations.
  
Prime Minster Narendra Modi (R) speaks with New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio during a bilateral meeting at the New York Plaza Hotel ahead of his appearance at the ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greets people on the streets of New York. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi gestures at the site of the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New York. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi lays a yellow rose on the name of an Indian who died, at the site of the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New ...
Snipers keep watch on the roof of the 9/11 Museum during Prime Minster Narendra Modi's visit to the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New York. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi unveils a commemorative wreath at the site of the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New York. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi visits 9/11 Memorial exhibition in New York. (PTI Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives at the United Nations during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters. (AP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi meets with Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters. (AP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, is given a tour after arriving at the United Nations during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters. (AP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, arrives to speak at the 69th Session of the UN General Assembly. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, speaks during the 69th Session of the UN General Assembly. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi bows his head after addressing the 69th United Nations General Assembly. (AFP Photo)
“Raising issues in this forum is not the way to make progress towards resolving issues between our two countries,” Modi said in his first speech at the UN General Assembly.
If Pakistan wants to resolve the problem, the Prime Minister averred, it must “also take its responsibility seriously to create an appropriate environment.”
“I am prepared to engage in a serious bilateral dialogue with Pakistan in a peaceful atmosphere, without the shadow of terrorism,” Modi said, reiterating India’s standing position.
Instead of raising these issues at the UN, he said, India and Pakistan should be helping victims of the devastating floods on both sides of the border.
Pakistan’s Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif had on Friday told the general assembly he was disappointed by India cancelling the foreign secretary-level talks.
Modi was not expected to respond to Sharif’s obvious attempt at India-baiting with a long running political tool, criticism over Kashmir. The MEA spokesperson had said that the Prime Minister’s speech would be forward-looking, leaving Sharif to some official.
But Modi took on Sharif himself, questioning his sincerity in dealing with the dispute that has defined India-Pakistan relations for decades.
In a speech delivered in Hindi — from a prepared text in English — Prime Minister Modi also called for the long-standing reforms of the UN Security Council.
“We must reform the United Nations, including the Security Council, and make it more democratic and participative,’ he said.
The Prime Minister began his second day of the US tour, first day of full engagements, with an early morning tour of the 9/11 memorial and the attached museum.
Dressed in his trademark short-sleeve shirt, with a shawl thrown over his shoulder, the prime minister could be seen listening intently to his briefer.
He then changed into a dark bandh-gala suit for his UN engagements, starting with a meeting with secretary general Ban ki Moon, and a tour of the US complex.
Minutes before he was to speak, external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj, led the India delegation to their desk to the assembly floor, accompanied by NSA Ajit Doval.
The visitors’ gallery was packed, unusually for a Saturday morning, said several UN officials, impressed not only by the strength of the Indian media contingent, but also by Modi fans.
Watch: It is upto Pakistan to create right atmosphere and come forward for bilateral talks: Modi
After touching on all major global challenges — climate change and terrorism, for instance — the Prime Minister raised a long-standing Indian demand for UN SC reform.
India has been pushing for increasing the permanent membership of the Security Council beyond the present five — US, UK, China, Russia and France — without much success.
“We must reform the United Nations, including the Security Council, and make it more democratic and participative,” said the prime minister.
He warned that the failure to do so could make these institution irrelevant. “Institutions that reflect the imperatives of 20th century won’t be effective in the 21st.”
He added, “It would face the risk of irrelevance; and we will face the risk of continuing turbulence with no one capable of addressing it.”
Delivered in Hindi, from English remarks
The Prime Minister delivered his speech in Hindi, from a speech written in English. His speech tracked closely with the text in English, in spirit. But the translator seemed completely off-key, jumping from word to word, without trying to capture the sense of what Modi was saying.
Pitch for Yoga
An avid practitioner of Yoga, the Prime Minister gave it major shoutout in his speech calling it “an invaluable gift of our ancient tradition”. He said, “Yoga embodies unity of mind and body; thought and action; restraint and fulfilment; harmony between man and nature; a holistic approach to health and well being.”
G-1, G-4 or G for all?
While making a pitch for a genuinely interaction compact of nations, he said there is a tendency to bunch countries into various groups. “Today, we still operate in various Gs with different numbers. India, too, is involved in several. But, how much are we able to work together as G1 or G-All?”
Live Blog Modi in America
.
Earlier Modi paid tributes at the memorial, also known as Ground Zero, where the twin towers of the iconic World Trade Center(WTC) were destroyed in the unprecedented terror attack on September 11, 2001.
    
Dressed in a spotless white kurta and churidars and a grey shawl thrown on his left shoulder, a sombre looking Modi gently placed rose buds one by one--five in all--on the grey granite memorial slabs where names of the victims were etched, stood for a while and folded his hands.
    
Modi, who was in a reflective mood, also visited the 9/11 museum, that displays artifacts associated with the events of the terror attack while presenting stories of loss and recovery.
    

Britain sends fighter jets to target ISIS in IraqBritish warplanes return from Iraq without bombing
AFP
print
British warplanes flew their first mission over Iraq since parliament authorised strikes against Islamic State jihadists, but returned without bombing on Saturday, the ministry of defence in London said.
Royal Air Force Tornado GR4 combat jets returned to Britain's RAF Akrotiri base on Cyprus without dropping any of their load of Paveway IV laser-guided bombs, after a seven-hour mission that began before dawn from the Mediterranean island.
"On this occasion no targets were identified as requiring immediate air attack by our aircraft," a ministry spokesman said.
However, the jets' surveillance gathered information that will "help acquire potential targets for future operations, either by aircraft or Iraqi ground forces," the spokesman said.
British lawmakers had on Friday voted overwhelmingly to join the US-led air strikes in northern Iraq following a formal request for help from the Iraqi government.
Royal Air Force Tornado GR4 fighter jets prepare to take off at the Akrotiri British RAF airbase near the Cypriot port city of Limassol. (AFP Photo)
Six British Tornados have been based on Cyprus since last month, from where they have been conducting reconnaissance missions, but the vote allows their role to expand to include striking IS targets.
The campaign against the Islamist group gathered pace this week, as Belgium and Denmark agreed to join the bombing and Britain's lower house of parliament voted in favour of air strikes in Iraq.
A fresh round of bombings by the US, Saudi Arabia, Jordan and the United Arab Emirates damaged an IS-held airfield, a garrison and a training camp today near the group's headquarters in Raqa, the Pentagon said.
In Iraq, a fighting position and four armed vehicles were hit, it added.
IS's brutal abuses against civilians, rival fighters and Arab and Western hostages, as well as its success in recruiting Western members, have triggered international alarm.
British Prime Minister David Cameron said on Saturday the RAF was there to "play our part".
"We are one part of a large international coalition," he said during a visit to Didcot, southern England.
"But the crucial part of that coalition is that it is led by the Iraqi government, the legitimate government of Iraq, and its security forces. We are there to play our part and help deal with this appalling terrorist organisation."
Besides the Tornados, the RAF also has a Rivet Joint spy plane in the region which is stepping up surveillance efforts to identify potential targets.

Capitals name Kolzig professional development coachBy Alex Prewitt September 27 Follow @alex_prewitt
(Matt McClain/The Washington Post)
The kids the Capitals legend hopes to help will come from juniors or colleges, where their billet families or dorm rooms offered a bed, free meals and, in some cases, free laundry.
“That’s not to say I’m going to take them out to the Laundromat and separate the whites and the colors,” Olie Kolzig said. “If they need that help, I guess I could do it.”
Shifting into his new position as Washington’s professional development coach, a role he pitched to general manager Brian MacLellan after requesting a reassignment within the organization to spend more time with his children, Kolzig will deal with the minutiae of the professional experience, the ancillary aspects of playing hockey few young players take care to learn.
This is how you pay the phone bill. This is how you call the cable guy. Manage your money. Invest in your career. Need a mental coach? Get a mental coach. Need a strength coach? Hire a personal trainer. Spend the extra few dollars on organic foods or supplements, because it can make a big difference.
“They all of a sudden have a lot of money, a lot of free time. How are you going to spend that time wisely? You see a lot of athletes get sidetrack because all of a sudden they have money and power. I’m going to help them learn how to deal with that and basically how to be a pro, so the coaches and teammates can rely on them game in and game out.”
This offseason, when Kolzig decided to step back from his previous position as head goaltending coach, he thought about former Capitals goaltender Craig Billington, who left the franchise and started with the Colorado Avalanche in a similar spot. Now an assistant general manager, Billington offered motivation for Kolzig to plan this new gig.
Other than Chris Clark in Columbus, Kolzig wasn’t aware of any other ex-players becoming professional development coaches. But by the rapid-fire way he skated through the details of this job, the most decorated goaltender in Capitals history made it all seem so necessary.
“It’s definitely a different world,” Kolzig said. “These kids are getting a ton of money early. I think a lot of them for years have probably been told how great they are and in some cases there’s a sense of entitlement. I don’t think that’s the case with any of our prospects. But that’s part of it.
“When I came in, you kept your mouth shut and your ears open and you respected everybody you played with. I think that’s lost a little bit of luster with the amount of money being paid. Maybe not through any fault of the kids. I’ll try to get their heads straight, make sure they earn their stripes and they respect everybody they play with, whether it’s players, coaches, trainers, anybody in the public. You’re a pro. It’s not just how you are on the ice but how you are off the ice. I think I’ve got a lot to offer in that department.”
Kolzig, who resides in Tampa, has spent the past four weeks at Capitals preseason in Ballston, meeting the prospects who might end up in Hershey, South Carolina or, in the case of forward Andre Burakovsky, Washington. Once camp breaks Sunday, Kolzig will head to Hershey and meet individually with the first-year pros there. He will also help coach the goaltenders, if assistant Scott Murray needs a break to visit his family or if Mitch Korn isn’t around in Washington.
“I want to be a confidant for them,” Kolzig said. “There’s a lot of things they can deal with and I want them to know they can come to me for any issue.”
 

LIVE: Why not works as one  as G-All  says PM Narendra Modi at United NationsPrint
Narendra Modi addresses the 69th session of the United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters in New York on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Ritu Sarin | New Delhi | Posted: September 27, 2014 8:18 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 7:38 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi delivered a firm first speech at the United Nations  on Saturday, telling Pakistan to create an “appropriate environment” for serious bilateral dialogue “without the shadow of terrorism”.
Speaking in Hindi, Modi gave two minutes of his half-hour speech to dismiss Pakistani demand for a plebiscite in Kashmir, saying “raising issues in this forum is not the way to make progress towards resolving issues between our two countries”.
The PM did not directly refer to Nawaz Sharif, who had attacked India on Kashmir in his speech to the forum Friday, but asserted that Pakistan must take its responsibility seriously to create an appropriate environment for a bilateral dialogue to promote friendship and cooperation.
ALSO READ:  Narendra Modi asks world leaders to adopt International Yoga Day
While he spoke inside, Modi’s supporters outside the United Nations far outnumbered those shouting slogans for Azad Kashmir. Gitesh Desai, an Indian engineer who had flown in from Texas to cheer the Prime Minister said, “This is the moment for Narendra Modi to step on to the world stage and we all wanted to come to New York and be a part of it.’’
The crowd, comprising almost equal number of men and women, carried placards with messages like “New York loves Modi”, “America loves Modi” and chanted “Modi, Modi” slogans. People, carrying flags of India and the US, were seen playing conch and drums.
READ:  Modi meets UN chief, refers to Sharif’s remarks on Kashmir
A 75-year old supporter Satish Malhotra said that he has been here for 40 years and hads never seen such support and enthusiasm for any Indian leader.
Modi’s address was conversational but the message was tough. He spoke of fighting global terrorism and said there was a need to strengthen the United Nations or it faces the risk of becoming “irrelevant”.
He spoke about the distinction others were trying to make between “good terrorism” and “bad terrorism” and, in an indirect reference to Pakistan, said that many countries were allowing terrorist sanctuaries on their territory or using terrorism as an instrument of state policy.
ALSO READ:   India PMs who delivered key speeches at the United Nations
In a clear reference to China, he said even without any major wars, there was an absence of real peace. “An integrating Asia-Pacific region is still concerned about maritime security that is fundamental to its future,” he said. Maritime security has been listed as a priority area during his Washington meeting with President Barak Obama.
If the Ministry of External Affairs had yesterday indicated that the PM’s address at the UNGA would be “forward looking” some sections of it indeed were. He spoke about space and cyberspace being the new instruments of prosperity but how they could also turn into the new “theatre of conflicts”.
Modi listed three areas in a sort of charter of demand: for the United Nations to adopt the comprehensive convention on international terrorism, adopt a post-2015 development agenda and, finally in typical Modi style, for the world community to celebrate an international yoga day.
Raising issues in this forum is not the way to make progress towards resolving issues.

India goes past China  reach Asiad hockey semisIndia's VR Raghunath (right) in action against Pakistan recently; Raghunath opened the scoring for India against China on Saturday. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Incheon | Posted: September 27, 2014 4:11 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 4:17 pm
A scrappy India eked out a hard-fought 2-0 win over lower-ranked China to progress to the semi-finals of the men’s hockey competition at the 17th Asian Games in Incheon on Saturday.
After a goalless opening 30 minutes, drag-flick exponent V R Raghunath (40th minute) and Birendra Lakra (45th) scored two goals in quick succession to give India a 2-0 lead at the end of the third quarter.
But the ninth-ranked Indians were far from impressive as their forwardline failed to break the defence of the 27th ranked Chinese despite enjoying the lions share of possession in the match.
Needing at least a draw to progress to the knock-out stage after the close 1-2 defeat against arch-rivals Pakistan, the Indians were slow to get off the blocks.
There was hardly anything to differentiate between the two sides in the first quarter as both the teams wasted the far and few chances that came their way.
It was India who earned the first penalty corner of the match in the 29th minute of the match but they wasted the chance going for a variation even as drag-flicker Raghunath was off the pitch.
The Indians were hurt badly by the absence of their second drag-flicker Rupinderpal Singh, who continued to warm the bench for the second consecutive match due to an injury sustained against Oman.
Raghunath’s lacklustre performance continued as he managed to utilise just one of the five penalty corners that came their way.
After the change of ends, the Indians came out with more purpose and unleashed an array of attacks on the Chinese goal which resulted in their second penalty corner.
And this time Raghunath was bang on target with a powerful low flick to the right of Chinese goalkeeper Rui Xu to give India a 1-0 lead 10 minutes into the third quarter.
Five minutes later, India doubled their lead when Lakra scored with a fine field effort after a fine one-two with Akashdeep Singh.
India continued their attacking play and earned two back-to-back penalty corners at the start of the fourth and final quarter but Raghunath wasted both the opportunities.
China, on the other hand, were more reliant on counter attacks and on a few occasions looked threatening only to be denied by an alert Indian defense.
It took China at least 50 minutes to earn their first penalty corner of the match but Indian goalkeeper P R Sreejesh was upto the task to thwart any danger to his goal.
Thereafter, both India and China secured a penalty corner each only to see their efforts go in vain.
By virtue of this win, India booked their place in the semifinals as the second best team from Pool B where they play hosts Korea, while Pakistan will face Malaysia in the other last four match.
 

Modi at UNGA: Let s work towards a sustainable world | CoverageBan Ki-Moon
(Modi said countries should…)
NEW DELHI: Talking of the need for creating a world with sustainable growth, Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his address at the UN General Assembly said, "We must ask ourselves why despite the existence of a body like UN, various other groups such as G8 are there. Why should we not work towards G-All," Modi exhorted.
"We have to rise above the concept of zero-sum game. We have to stop looking at profit and loss in everything," Modi told the Assembly. "No single nation can govern the fate of the world. We have to work together," Modi reiterated.
"When we craft agreements on international trade we should accommodate each other's concerns and interests. Every Government will have to fulfill their responsibilities for development, which means better coordination of policies," Modi told the assembly.
"Let us pledge that 2015 will mark the year when we steer the world in a new direction. let us work towards a sustainable world," Modi said. "Let us fulfil the promise to reform UN Security Council by 2015," Modi said.
"Terrorism is emerging in new forms and names everyday. No nation is free of terrorism," Modi said. "There are some nations that are giving to refuge to terrorism...the shadow of terrorism must end," Modi added.
Modi said that all countries should work together to counter terrorism. "We need Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism," Modi urged. "We must work together for peace in both outer space and cyber space," he said.
Slamming Pakistan for raising the issue of Kashmir , Modi said, "First create an atmosphere for peaceful talks. This is not the platform to raise this issue." "We are ready to engage with Pakistan, but without the shadow of terrorism," Modi asserted.
"Pakistan must also take its responsibility seriously to create an appropriate environment," he said.
"From the first day, NDA government has worked towards promoting friendship and cooperation with its neighbours," he added.
Modi stared his maiden address as PM at the UN General Assembly by saying, "India is a country with 1/6th of the world's population."
"Every nation, every country's view is shaped by its civilization and its philosophical tradition. India sees the entire world as a family," Modi said. "Law, dignity, opportunity and prosperity for the world is what we have always spoken of. Indian culture believes in brotherhood," Modi added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bigg Boss  and its biggest controversiesCelebrity
Bigg Boss and it’s biggest controversies
'Bigg Boss' has always been a bed of controversies ever since its inception and telecast. It has never failed to grab eyeballs. But there were a few that created ripples in the industry.
At one point, Salman Khan had to declare that he will try to come up with a clean show. We don’t think he managed that in the last season. The show has delivered enough fodder for gossip that could ... more 
At one point, Salman Khan had to declare that he will try to come up with a clean show. We don’t think he managed that in the last season. The show has delivered enough fodder for gossip that could last forever now. Here are some of the most scandalous controversies from the house. less 
1 / 10

The remote repo man: A growing reality for driversThe remote repo man: A growing reality for drivers
The remote repo man
As auto lenders reach out to those with poor credit, they are increasingly using starter interruption devices, technology that allows them to remotely disable a car, to spur timely payment.
As auto lenders reach out to those with poor credit, they are increasingly using starter interruption devices, technology that allows them to remotely disable a car, to spur timely payment.
Auto loan lenders using remote devices to disable cars whose owners are behind on payments.
Automatic repo man: Remote device enabling lenders to cut off service to a car in arrears.
The New York Times is reporting: Auto lenders are using new technology that can remotely disable a car after a missed payment.

After four games in two days  Nats have plenty to digestBy Adam Kilgore September 27 Follow @adamkilgorewp
Jayson Werth came a home run shy of the cycle Friday night. (Photo by Mitchell Layton/Getty Images)
Late Wednesday night, Manager Matt Williams politely described the Nationals’ coming task as “not ideal.” In the middle of preparing for the playoffs, the Nationals would play two doubleheaders in two days, a scheduling quirk that could sap relievers and tire position players. A lot of things could have gone wrong.
But the Nationals came out of their quadruple-header intact, with no issues and with the best record in the National League sewn up . Williams deftly leaned on his expanded roster, not playing any of his regulars more than once either day, and even with the 15-7 debacle that ended the two-day marathon, no relievers emerged with serious wear and tear, a fact aided by Doug Fister’s complete game in Friday’s opener.
“It’s never easy, four games in two days,” Williams said. “The good thing is, it’s September. We were able to flip-flop lineups a little bit. Overall, we’re okay. We have some question marks on guys from the bullpen for the next couple of days. There’s still some questions, but overall, okay.”
“We had the right amount of call-ups,” Jayson Werth said. “We didn’t have to overuse anybody. It turned out to be pretty good.”
Werth nearly culled a career benchmark from the two days. By the fifth inning, Werth had gone 3 for 3 with a triple – his first since 2012 – a double and a single. He was hit by a pitch in his fourth plate appearance, and he led off the ninth against Marlins reliever Anthony DeScalfani needing a homer for the cycle.
And he was trying for it.
“I surely was,” Werth said. “I don’t think in my whole baseball career – from T-ball on – I’ve ever hit for the cycle. I knew it was available, especially in a blowout game. I wasn’t trying to work a walk or anything like that.”
DeScalfani started Werth with sliders, but he gave him some fastballs over the plate before the at-bat ended. Werth fouled back two of them and ultimately struck out foul-tipping a 95-mph fastball.
Werth also made an outfield assist in the sixth when Donovan Solano hit a hard grounder down the right field line, seemingly a double off the bat. But the ball ricocheted off the wall that juts out before the corner, a part of the fence that reminds Werth of Citizens Bank Park, his old Philadelphia home. Werth scooped the ball barehanded and fired to second to nail Solano.
“We still had a lot of people in the seats,” Werth said. “The place got pretty fired up. I was pretty fired up. I like that play. That play is usually available on a ball hit like that. I like to make that play.”
The night also included nice moments for call-ups. Steven Souza Jr. hit a mammoth home run, the second of his career, over the red seats in left-center field. As he crossed home plate, he pointed into the stands at his parents, who had traveled to Washington for the game.
Taylor Hill, fresh from throwing bullpen sessions in the instructional league, made the first start of his career. He had been lined up for the win until the fifth inning unraveled after the possible third out deflected off his left foot. “We tried, man,” Williams said. “We tried to get him a W, but it didn’t work out. He gave us a great effort in a situation where it was regular for him. It was great.”
Hill also drilled the first hit of his career, a line-drive single off Marlins lefty Andrew Heaney.
“It was really cool,” Hill said. “Believe it or not, I had no hits prior in the minor leagues, so that’s my first hit ever in professional baseball.”
What about college?
“I didn’t hit,” Hill said. “My first at-bat last year was my first at-bat in six years. It had been a while.”
It was a horrid night for Craig Stammen, who pitched the most meaningless inning of an essentially meaningless game and saw his season stats skew wildly in the wrong direction. Stammen faced six batters. They all swatted hits, including Kike Hernandez’s grand slam.
Stammen’s ERA rose in the process from 3.22 to 3.84, a number that’s not representative of the season he had.
You could play this game with any reliever, but it’s extreme in Stammen’s case: Remove his three worst outings of the season, and Stammen would have a 1.91 ERA over 71 innings. Unfortunately for Stammen, that difference could actually have an impact on his arbitration case this winter and therefore his salary next season.
“The ball was just up tonight,” Williams said. “It’s a different spot than he’s used to. He’ll be fine. He’ll be just fine.”
Adam Kilgore covers the Nationals for The Washington Post.

Prominent Chicago businesswoman Sue Gin dies1
Driven to success, Ms. Gin met a kindred spirit in William McGowan, founder and chairman of MCI Communications, whom she married in 1984. He died after suffering a heart attack in 1992.
She never forgot her roots, however, working throughout her life to help women and immigrants better their lives.
"At DePaul, Sue worked tirelessly as a trustee to support our first-generation students, because she saw herself in them," said the Rev. Dennis H. Holtschneider, president of DePaul, where she received an honorary degree in 2009. "Every student who has prepared for scientific and health careers at DePaul owes Sue Gin a great debt of gratitude, for she fiercely led the fundraising campaigns for both of the new buildings in which they study."
Ms. Gin "fought tirelessly for immigrant workers and their families with a big heart and a clear, uncompromising voice," said a statement released by the Illinois Business Immigration Coalition, or IBIC, where she served on the steering committee.
Ms. Gin served on the boards of Exelon, Chicago Botanic Garden, DePaul, The Field Museum and Rush University Medical Center. She also headed the board of the William G. McGowan Charitable Fund, a philanthropic family foundation advancing causes championed by her late husband.
"This is a huge loss for all of us," John Rowe, chairman emeritus of Exelon and IBIC co-chairman, said in the statement. "We will try to live her example."
"Sue was a wonderful, energetic and bright woman who cared about making a difference in the world," said Carole Segal, co-founder of Crate and Barrel and IBIC co-chairwoman.
A lifelong Chicagoan, Ms. Gin kept a second home near Virginia Beach, Va., where the hard-charging businesswoman went for relaxation, according to niece Sherilyn Kingsbury. There, she would thrust herself into an avocational passion — gardening — but her entrepreneurial nature would show.
"She grew things that weren't supposed to be grown in certain climates," Kingsbury said. "She fused different things together and created new things. Even as a gardener, she was always up for a challenge, always doing things that people said couldn't be done."
Ms. Gin is survived by three nieces and a nephew.
Visitation is Tuesday from 4 to 8 p.m. and Wednesday from 10 to 11:30 a.m., with mass at 1 p.m. Wednesday in St. Vincent de Paul Parish at 1010 W. Webster Ave., Chicago. A private burial will follow in Wilkes-Barre, Pa. The family requests donations be made to the Sue Gin Memorial c/o the Mercy Home for Boys & Girls, 1140 W. Jackson Blvd., Chicago, 60607 or through mercyhome.org/donate .

Anil Agarwal to donate 75% of wealth for good of societyHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Anil Agarwal to donate 75% of wealth for good of society
PTI
PTI Vedanta Resources chief Anil Agarwal rings the bell to open the London Stock Exchange on Thursday morning to mark the 10th anniversary of the company's listing on the stock exchange.
New Delhi, Sept 26:  
Aiming to give back to the society from where he has got it all, NRI billionaire Anil Agarwal and his family have decided to give away 75 per cent of their wealth for the good of the society.
The 61-year old Chairman of the diversified conglomerate Vedanta Resources has a net worth of $3.5 billion, according to the US magazine Forbes. He is ranked 24th among India’s richest persons by the magazine this year.
“My family supports my decision that 75 per cent of our wealth, which we gain as economic benefit, should be returned to society,” Agarwal said at a function to celebrate the 10th anniversary of Vedanta’s listing on the London Stock Exchange last evening.
The pledge comes to an absorbing figure of $2.6 billion or about Rs 15,900 crore.
“It is important to give back what we earn for the greater good of the society, community programmes that work towards eradication of poverty, child welfare and women empowerment will be our focus for communities at large in our country,” Agarwal, who started off as a scrap dealer in India, said.
“I am keen to invest and create a world class…not for profit…university in India that can bring in the best in class education in liberal arts and humanities,” he added.
While doing public good through corporate social responsibility, has recently been mandated by law, prominent Indian businessmen like Azim Premji, Narayana Murthy, Anand Mahindra and Nadnan Nilekeni have already spent aplenty for the public good.
Apart from its welfare measures for local area development and the community at large, Tata Group has also donated €23 million to Harvard Business School, the largest single donation ever received by the institution from overseas.
In an interview to PTI, Agarwal said during these 10 years Vedanta has raised almost $30 billion and most of the money has been invested in India.
“We have to eradicate our poverty and create jobs, which all other countries have done by exploring their natural resources,” Agarwal said.
“India’s policy today will invite lot many more major companies to come and invest in India because there are opportunities and the new government is creating a very conducive environment for them to work,” he added.
(This article was published on September 26, 2014)
Related

Deeply touched by warm welcome  says PM Modi in USDeeply touched by warm welcome, says PM Modi in US
Agencies | New York Sep 27, 2014 10:06 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who arrived in US for a five-day visit, said that he was 'deeply touched' by the warm welcome accorded to him.
"A big thank you for the warm welcome in New York! Deeply touched. Looking forward to a great trip ahead," Modi said in a tweet.
 
Modi, who arrived here Friday, was greeted by hundreds of people who were waiting for him at the Madison Avenue in New York, close to the hotel where he will be staying.
 
Outside his hotel, he was greeted with the 'Har Har Modi' slogan, heard first during the Lok Sabha poll campaign. A large group of Indians, who had gathered outside his hotel, were also carrying placards with messages such as 'We love Modi' 'America loves Modi' and 'Indian American loves Modi'. 
 
They were also shouting slogans in support of Prime Minister Modi and were also chanting 'Vande Mataram' and 'Bharat Mata Ki Jai', besides the 'Har Har Modi' chants. 
 
In a rare gesture, Modi came out of his huge convoy to greet the large number of people gathered outside his hotel to welcome him. 
A special enclosure was made by the local police for these supporters to watch Modi as he walked through. 
 
Traffic was blocked before his arrival and pedestrians were asked to take alternate route to cross the hotel lane in the busy Madison avenue area.
 

CREDAI-Bengal elects new office bearersCREDAI-Bengal elects new office bearers
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept 27:  
Sushil Mohta, Managing Director of the Merlin Group, has been elected as the President of the Bengal unit of The Confederation of Real Estate Developers’ Associations of India (CREDAI).
Nandu Belani and Piyush Bhagat have been elected as the new Vice Presidents of CREDAI- Bengal.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Jayalalithaa disproportionate assets case: How it all beganE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jaya convicted  sentenced to 4 yrs; 100 cr fine | Legal wranglesJayalalithaa convicted, sentenced to 4 years in Jail; 100 crore fine
ET Bureau Sep 28, 2014, 01.26AM IST
Tags:
Ilavarasi
(The court also convicted…)
BANGALORECHENNAI: Tamil Nadu's J Jayalalithaa has become the first incumbent chief minister to be convicted for corruption, throwing her political career into uncertainty and stunning India's political class that is widely seen as riven with graft.
At a makeshift court inside a prison on Saturday, special judge John Michael Cunha found the former movie star guilty of owning more wealth than she could account for and sentenced her to four years in jail and a fine of `100 crore. If the sentence stands, Jayalalithaa, 66, will be barred from contesting elections for a decade. The conviction automatically disqualified her as an MLA. At the time of writing, reports were coming in that Jayalalithaa complained of dizziness and was taken to hospital. Jayalalithaa's close aide N Sasikala , Ilavarasi (sister-in-law of Sasikala) and VN Sudhakaran , a foster son of the chief minister who has been disowned by her, were also found guilty and fined `10 crore each. "There cannot be any leniency in corruption cases," Cunha observed while hearing arguments about the sentencing.
The development imperils Jayalalithaa's political career although observers said it may not hurt her power base or influence in the immediate future given her iron-grip over the party. The verdict sent shockwaves across the political establishment and triggered violence across Chennai and other parts of Tamil Nadu. Political parties, which normally try to outdo each other to score political points, reacted cautiously. Not even arch-rival DMK gloated about Jayalalithaa's misfortune, a sign of the nervousness inspired by strict laws that seek to curtail the criminalization of politics. The Tamil Nadu chief minister is the highest-profile victim of a Supreme Court clarification last year that elected representatives become disqualified immediately after conviction.
"The judgment shows the law is taking its course in India. We need people to be held accountable for their actions while they held public office," said Trilochan Sastry, a trustee at the Association for Democratic Reforms.
"It is a judgement which was long overdue. The judiciary must explain the long delay which enabled Jayalalithaa to become chief minister twice in the meantime," said supreme court senior advocate Dushyant Dave. The BJP believes it can gain from the situation. "The AIADMK member has been jailed and soon the DMK members will also go behind bars in the 2G case. Only we will be left,'' said Tamilisai Soundararajan, BJP state president.
However, MSS Pandian of the Jawaharlal Nehru University said that if the conviction leads to the prolonged absence of Jayalalithaa from active leadership, it could benefit the DMK. AIADMK members may move to the DMK or the BJP. "This may strengthen the BJP but not substantially enough to come to power in Tamil Nadu,'' he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NCP hits at Gulam Nabi Azad over time-bound poll statement3
0
Jammu: Hitting out at Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha Gulam Nabi Azad for his time-bound poll statement, Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) on Saturday said that Congress was more concerned about politics than rehablitation of flood victims in Jammu and Kashmir.
"We condemn the statement of former Chief Minister Ghulam Nabi Azad in which he had demanded to hold assembly election in the state on the due date," State Chief of NCP's youth wing, Gourav Kapoor said on Saturday.
Azad had strongly batted for holding of Assembly polls in Jammu and Kashmir by due date without delay. He said in a section of media.
Ghulam Nabi Azad had strongly batted for holding of Assembly polls in Jammu and Kashmir by due date without delay.
#ncp #congress #gulam nabi azad #maharashtra assembly elections 2014
Taking a dig on Congress over the statement, he said this Party was more concerned about politics than the rehablitation of the flood victims.
He alleged that the Congress ministers from Jammu region who are holding various important portfolios were not spending the funds provided by the central governmnet for various flood control schemes properly.
Lashing at the state government for failure to reach out to the people of border district of Poonch with relief and reconstruction measures, Kapoor alleged that 40 villages in the bordering district of Poonch were still disconnected as several bridges washed away during the floods have not been repaired.
Gourav, who undertook a visit to flood-hit areas, said, "instead of streamlining the process of the distribution of relief and rehablitation for the flood affected families in the region, politicans were trying to play votebank politics". He said that residents of Poonch who have been bearing the brunt of the cross border aggression since 1947 also suffered official neglect after the devastating earthquake of 2005.
The party welcomed the decision of the Supreme Court and the state High Court to form a committe that would supervise the relief and rehablitation work in the state.
He said that the people of the area alleged that those who suffered no loss in the floods were given compensation cheques worth Rs 20,000 whereas the people who lost their homes were paid only Rs 2700.
0

Floods: Meghalaya death toll reaches 51Print
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 27, 2014 8:20 pm
The death toll in the floods and landslides that ravaged three districts in Meghalaya has touched 51 today. As jawans of the NDRF and SDRF continue their search operations, authorities fear more bodies are likely to be recovered in the next few days.
While flood-waters have nearly almost flowed out of Meghalaya’s Garo Hills region, the water that came gushing down to lower Assam is fast receding in Goalpara, Kamrup and Dhubri districts.
Meghalaya chief minister Mukul Sangma on Saturday visited different flood-ravaged villages in North Garo Hills district and took stock of the situation. NDRF jawans are particularly conducting search operations in Kharkutta area of the district where the highest casualties took place.
Official sources in Shillong said debris in the NH-51 have been cleared and heavy vehicles are being allowed to pass through. Movement on NH-62 however continued to remain restricted to light vehicles.
Restoration work on several other roads is on and these are expected to be opened shortly except for those where bridges have been washed away.
Power and water supply that were snapped due to the flash floods, have been restored to Tura, Ampati and Williamnagar except in areas that are still submerged.
The state health department today airlifted medicines to Tura to supplement stocks for the Garo Hills region. Doctors from the Tura Civil Hospital and from the Civil Surgeon’s Office have been deputed to the Relief Camps to help in medical care, official sources said.
Meghalaya deputy chief minister RC Laloo had yesterday said that the state had suffered a staggering loss of at least Rs 1170 crore due to the recent flash floods and landslides, most of which was in the Garo Hills region.

J&K government s ex-gratia relief package insufficient: PDP4
0
Jammu: Opposition PDP on Saturday termed the Jammu and Kashmir government's ex-gratia relief package for the houses fully damaged by the floods as insufficient, saying the devastation needs to be responded with extraordinary measures.
"The state government's ex-gratia relief package for the houses fully damaged by the devastating floods is as a cruel joke. Rs 70,000 relief for fully damaged pucca house announced by the state government is insufficient even for the construction of a cowshed," senior PDP leader and MP Tariq Hameed Karra said.
"Similarly, grossly inadequate Rs 12,600 ex-gratia relief has been announced for severely damaged pucca house and Rs 3,800 for severely damaged kuchha house," Karra said while interacting with flood-affected people in and around Batamaloo area.
"Rs 70,000 relief for fully damaged pucca house announced by the state government is insufficient even for the construction of a cowshed," senior PDP leader and MP Tariq Hameed Karra said.
#jammu and kashmir #jammu and kashmir floods #jammu and kashmir government #pdp
Karra said that given the magnitude of the catastrophe, the state government should espouse a humanitarian approach in reaching out to the flood-affected people instead of pursuing the archaic bureaucratic norms.
"The devastation caused by the scourging floods in Kashmir has resulted in an extraordinary situation, that needs to be responded with extraordinary measures setting aside the so-called official prescripts," he said.
Expressing grave concern over the acute scarcity of rations in the flood-affected areas, Karra said after having drowned Kashmir, particularly Srinagar, in the distressing deluge because of its ineptness, the state government headed by Omar Abdullah was now messing up the post-flood relief and rehabilitation measures.
1

Jayalalithaa assets case judge: All you wanted to knowE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jaya s conviction not final verdict  has option to appeal: BJPPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 27, 2014 9:07 pm
BJP on Saturday reacted cautiously on the conviction and four-year sentence of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa in a disproportionate assets case saying it is part of a judicial process and she has options available to move to a higher court, this being not the final verdict.
Terming the issue as “sensitive”, the BJP also termed it as an “unfortunate” attempts by her political opponents to score points by using this opportunity and play politics over it.
“It is a part of the judicial process. This is not the final verdict. There are options available before her to appeal in a higher court,” BJP Vice President Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said.
He added that this was a sensitive issue and it was not proper to play politics on it. “It is unfortunate if any of her political opponents are using this opportunity to score points and play politics on it.”
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh, however, refused to comment on her conviction by a Bangalore court in an 18-year old disproportionate asset case.
“I will not comment on it as I have not seen the judgement,” he said.
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa was on Saturday convicted and sentenced to four years jail in an 18-year-old corruption case in a judgement.
The 66-year-old AIADMK supremo has also been slapped with a fine of Rs 100 crore, highest imposed on any politician, by a special judge John Michael D’Cunha who heard the case of Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate assets acquired during her first term as Chief Minister between 1991 and 1996.
The verdict unseated her from the post, disqualified her immediately as an MLA and can impact the Assembly elections due in 18 months.

Sena demands closure of Pak High Commission over Sharif s Kashmir rhetoricSep 27, 2014 at 08:07pm IST
Sena demands closure of Pak High Commission over Sharif's Kashmir rhetoric
8
0
Jammu: Criticising Nawaz Sharif for raising the Kashmir issue in the UN, Shiv Sena's Jammu and Kashmir unit on Saturday held anti-Pakistan protests in Jammu and called the Centre to shutdown the office of the Pakistan High Commissioner in New Delhi.
"The Pakistan High Commissioner in India should be sent back and his office in New Delhi be shut till the time Pakistan mends its way," Ashok Gupta, Jammu and Kashmir state chief of Shiv Sena said.
Condemning the statement of Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif at the the UN General Assembly where he had advocated for a "plebiscite" in Jammu and Kashmir, the workers of Dogra Front and Shiv Sena held protest demonstrations against Pakistan in the city.
Criticising Nawaz Sharif for raising the Kashmir issue in the UN, Shiv Sena's Jammu and Kashmir unit on Saturday held anti-Pakistan protests in Jammu and called the Centre to shutdown the office of the Pakistan High Commissioner in New Delhi.
#india #pakistan #shiv sena #unga
"Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's address at the UNGA stating that the core issue of Jammu and Kashmir has to be resolved and pushed for a plebiscite in the state is uncalled for," Gupta said.
He said, "Pakistan Prime Minister's speech had the imprints of Pakistani military hawks as the Prime Minister and his government were under siege in Islamabad."
Gupta said that by racking up the issue in UN, Sharif has tried to interfere in the internal affairs of India, thus deviating from the "Simla Agreement".
0

Governor ESL Narasimhan appeals people to make Swachch Bharat campaign a successSep 27, 2014 at 07:56pm IST
Governor ESL Narasimhan appeals people to make Swachch Bharat campaign a success
7
0
Hyderabad: Governor ESL Narasimhan on Saturday called upon the people of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana to take active part in the 'Swachch Bharat Abhiyan', which will be launched on October 2.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had appealed in his Independence Day speech to every citizen to strive to make India clean, the Governor said in a statement. 'Clean India' would not be possible with one or two individuals and it should be a collective effort, he said.
Andhra Pradesh and Telangana have already launched the programme, the Governor of the two states noted. "I appeal to everyone in the society, particularly the youth, NCC and NSS volunteers, voluntary organisations, officials, non-officials and all those who wish the society's good, to take part in Swachch Bharat Abhiyan.
'Clean India' would not be possible with one or two individuals and it should be a collective effort, the Governor said.
Let us all participate in it joyfully and make it a success," Narasimhan added.
2

Modi at UN: Ready to engage in dialogue with Pakistan without terror shadowPrint
Narendra Modi addresses the 69th session of the United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters in New York on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Ritu Sarin | New Delhi | Posted: September 27, 2014 8:18 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 7:38 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi delivered a firm first speech at the United Nations  on Saturday, telling Pakistan to create an “appropriate environment” for serious bilateral dialogue “without the shadow of terrorism”.
Speaking in Hindi, Modi gave two minutes of his half-hour speech to dismiss Pakistani demand for a plebiscite in Kashmir, saying “raising issues in this forum is not the way to make progress towards resolving issues between our two countries”.
The PM did not directly refer to Nawaz Sharif, who had attacked India on Kashmir in his speech to the forum Friday, but asserted that Pakistan must take its responsibility seriously to create an appropriate environment for a bilateral dialogue to promote friendship and cooperation.
ALSO READ:  Narendra Modi asks world leaders to adopt International Yoga Day
While he spoke inside, Modi’s supporters outside the United Nations far outnumbered those shouting slogans for Azad Kashmir. Gitesh Desai, an Indian engineer who had flown in from Texas to cheer the Prime Minister said, “This is the moment for Narendra Modi to step on to the world stage and we all wanted to come to New York and be a part of it.’’
The crowd, comprising almost equal number of men and women, carried placards with messages like “New York loves Modi”, “America loves Modi” and chanted “Modi, Modi” slogans. People, carrying flags of India and the US, were seen playing conch and drums.
READ:  Modi meets UN chief, refers to Sharif’s remarks on Kashmir
A 75-year old supporter Satish Malhotra said that he has been here for 40 years and hads never seen such support and enthusiasm for any Indian leader.
Modi’s address was conversational but the message was tough. He spoke of fighting global terrorism and said there was a need to strengthen the United Nations or it faces the risk of becoming “irrelevant”.
He spoke about the distinction others were trying to make between “good terrorism” and “bad terrorism” and, in an indirect reference to Pakistan, said that many countries were allowing terrorist sanctuaries on their territory or using terrorism as an instrument of state policy.
ALSO READ:   India PMs who delivered key speeches at the United Nations
In a clear reference to China, he said even without any major wars, there was an absence of real peace. “An integrating Asia-Pacific region is still concerned about maritime security that is fundamental to its future,” he said. Maritime security has been listed as a priority area during his Washington meeting with President Barak Obama.
If the Ministry of External Affairs had yesterday indicated that the PM’s address at the UNGA would be “forward looking” some sections of it indeed were. He spoke about space and cyberspace being the new instruments of prosperity but how they could also turn into the new “theatre of conflicts”.
Modi listed three areas in a sort of charter of demand: for the United Nations to adopt the comprehensive convention on international terrorism, adopt a post-2015 development agenda and, finally in typical Modi style, for the world community to celebrate an international yoga day.
Raising issues in this forum is not the way to make progress towards resolving issues.

Live Cricket Score  CLT20  CSK vs PER: Dhoni  Jadeja lift CSK to 155/6 against PERDhoni made his intentions clear as he lofted Arafat's full toss over deep midwicket for a six. (Source: BCCI)
Press Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: September 27, 2014 8:16 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 11:56 pm
A disciplined Chennai Super Kings on Saturday produced an all-round effort to defeat Perth Scorchers by 13 runs and brighten their hopes of earning a semifinal berth in the Oppo Champions League Twenty20, in Bangalore.
Invited to bat, the Super Kings rode on Ravindra Jadeja’s 28-ball unbeaten 44 and Mahendra Singh Dhoni’s 16-ball 35 to post a challenging 155 for six.
Ravichandran Ashwin then shone with the ball, returning impressive figures of 3/20 to restrict the Scorchers to 142 for seven in 20 overs.
That the CSK got enough to defend was mainly due to the brisk 64-run sixth-wicket partnership, which came off just 30 balls, between Jadeja and Dhoni. This after the Scorchers spinners, led by Brad Hogg, had stifled the two-time IPL winners at the Chinnaswamy Stadium.
But the complexion changed once Dhoni smashed Yasir Arafat for 27 runs with the help of three sixes in the penultimate over of Super Kings’ innings.
While the CSK skipper got out while going for another maximum in the final over, which also ended his crucial association with Jadeja, the left-handed all-rounder hit a six and a four to finish things off in style for the Super Kings.
Dhoni hit four sixes while Jadeja found the fence four times and cleared it twice.
When their turn to bat came, the Scorchers lost Craig Simmons and Ashton Agar with 26 runs on the board. While Simmons was foxed by Ashish Nehra’s slower ball, Agar had no answer to a quicker one from Ashwin.
Captain Adam Voges and Mitchell Marsh put up a brief resistance before the latter was castled by off-spinner Ashwin. Sam Whiteman did not last long while Voges too fell after making 27 off 24 balls.
At the start of 17th over, the Scorchers needed 58 off 24, but Nathan Coulter-Nile and Ashton Turner reduced the margin to 44 in the last three.
Just after completing a 33-ball sixth-wicket 50-run partnership with Coulter-Nile, Turner was run out due to Dhoni’s smart work, putting to rest whatever little hopes Scorchers had of pulling off a shock win.
The Australian outfit is more or less out of contention.
Earlier, the Super Kings were off to a bad start losing Brendon McCullum with just 15 runs on the board, the batsman playing a Joel Paris delivery onto his stumps in the third over of the innings.
Next to get out was the dangerous Suresh Raina, with batting partner Dwayne Smith playing a role in the left-hander’s run out. Standing at the non striker’s end, Raina made the call after Smith inside edged one to the third man, but the batsman did not respond. Raina could not beat
Nathan Coulter-Nile’s throw from the deep.
CSK were in for more trouble when Smith’s painful stay at the crease came to an end after he was cleaned up by Yasir Arafat’s slower ball.
At 33 for three in the sixth over, CSK were in deep trouble and the experienced Brad Hogg only added to their woes when Mithun Manhas, who had come in for Ishwar Pandey, top edged for the deep midwicket fielder to complete a continued…

I`m sure someday u will. just let us know when u manage to do it.Platinum Member
154 Followers
I will try my best friend.. 8000 pe unwinding and 8000 ce writing witnessed on friday.. 8000 ce OI more as compared to 8000 pe. bad news for bulls, though its first day of series.. need some more ime to set the direction. decisive close above 8020/55 will set direction for bulls till then bears upper hand in Nifty. Though I dnt actively follow wipro and axis, as per OI data Wipro 600 level and axis bank 400 level seems a good resistance.. let me tell u this is just the first day of series and so OI data is not significant so far.. good luck..

Ge doc  utsav  sdb n all. wish u all r doing fine.Platinum Member
154 Followers
I will try my best friend.. 8000 pe unwinding and 8000 ce writing witnessed on friday.. 8000 ce OI more as compared to 8000 pe. bad news for bulls, though its first day of series.. need some more ime to set the direction. decisive close above 8020/55 will set direction for bulls till then bears upper hand in Nifty. Though I dnt actively follow wipro and axis, as per OI data Wipro 600 level and axis bank 400 level seems a good resistance.. let me tell u this is just the first day of series and so OI data is not significant so far.. good luck..

Dear manish  please let me have the source of your information. shall ...Platinum Member
135 Followers
Please give me your email address so that I can forward the link. Else ho to Google search engine. Type the question "What is the difference between Form 483 and Warning". You will get various options. One of them contains experts opinion. I agree with you that one must take informed decision. Investor`s is heard earned money. I have lot of regard fir their money. I have no such feeling for the speculators. That is why I keep posting my honest opinion after due study. If you search my posts in the past I have always given balanced views. I had in 2007-08 cautioned the investors that Unitech was a fraud Company and its CMD was a fraudster. He would on the basis if merely signing an MOU with the land owners would start counting such land in his land bank. He gave 65:1 bonus and again 1:1 bonus and them 10:1 stock split merely to raise his Companies market capitalisation. Investors were befooled and started buying the share in the range of 28000-30000 cum bonus. He achieve his aim of high capitalisation of the Company. Even Uninor was befooled. He then bid 2G spectrumin collusion with telecomn authorities. After having been allotted the spectrum for 750 cr he sold 51% to Uninor fir a staggering 7500 cr or so. I kept cautioning tge investors. But the speculators started showering abuses on me. I had no interest in the scrip at all. That said, today is the AGM. I am sure the management will come our with clarity on this. It is better to buy after clarification than speculate and buy.
1.18 PM Sep 27th

Mmtc can go below rs 30 in the long term..Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Leaders alike: 10 similarities between Obama and ModiComments
US President Barack Obama and India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi are, of course, ideologically poles apart. Obama set out being on the left of the Democratic Party, Modi is a right-wing Hindu nationalist. But there are some uncanny similarities in their road to power and ways they have handled it, particularly during Obama's first term.
1. Both are intensely political individuals who have roots in forms of community organising, one mobilising underprivileged neighbourhoods in Chicago; Modi crisscrossing the country as a RSS pracharak and BJP party worker. They are cerebral figures in different ways, with perhaps a measure of chilly detachment that appeals to loyalists and reinforces their power.
2. Both attained office battling unpopular regimes that were led by dynastic figures. Obama rode the tide against George W. Bush who was an embarrassment all round, owing to his misguided 'war on terror' and an indefensible invasion of Iraq. Modi similarly capitalised on the general fatigue with UPA rule, the various corruption scandals and directed his attacks on Rahul Gandhi and the Nehru-Gandhi lineage.
3. Modi and Obama built huge warchests and outspent their rivals in election campaigns. Obama raised $1.1 billion in campaign contributions for the 2012 election alone. There is no definite handle on the amount spent by the Modi campaign; guesses about BJP's advertising budget for the general election vary between $500-670 million. Many feel the actual figure was much more.
4. Modi and Obama beat formidable female rivals who they went on to appoint in their cabinet. Hillary Clinton lost the Democrat nomination in 2008 to Obama after securing an impressive 18 million votes - and subsequently became the US Secretary of State. Sushma Swaraj is believed to have opposed Modi's nomination as BJP's prime ministerial candidate but eventually acquiesced with his rise, joining his cabinet as minister for external affairs.
 
5. Both concentrate foreign policy in their hands, excluding their foreign ministries. As former defence secretary Robert Gates wrote in his memoir, Duty, the White House and National Security Agency dominated decision-making in Obama's first term often at the expense of State and Pentagon.
Clinton met Obama every week but she was relegated to a more representational role, rather than be allowed to drive policy. Swaraj is in a similar position - not entirely brushed aside owing to her political standing but not allowed to steer the policy agenda either. The key decision to call off foreign secretary talks with Pakistan in August was the PM's call. (The current US Secretary of State John Kerry probably has more latitude than Clinton had.)
6. Obama and Modi have similar approaches to public diplomacy and managing the narrative. Both ran path-breaking online elections campaigns but constricted communications with the public on assuming power. Obama's direct communications with constituents tapered off soon after assuming the presidency and the Modi has passed clear instructions to his cabinet to avoid briefing the media.
Obama looks a very tired figure now in his second term but the Democratic Party still has a range of allies and supporters who can be deployed in newspapers, television networks and other platforms. Modi too has scores of storm troopers embedded across New Delhi and state capitals.  
 
7. Obama and Modi see themselves as outsiders in their capital cities, and practice a brand of politics honed in their provincial patch. Obama was a relatively junior senator from Illinois who captured national attention through the keynote speech at the 2004 Democratic convention and posited himself as being everything the corrupt Washington elite was not. In his Independence Day speech, Modi spoke of being an outsider to Delhi "far removed from the elite classes". 
 
8. Obama and Modi are also shaped by a style of politics they practiced in Chicago and Gujarat respectively. Obama once told his presidential opponent John McCain "I'm skinny, but I'm tough. I'm from Chicago".
The city of Chicago is said to have the most ruthless politics in the US. Alexandra Starr made this argument in a Spectator column stating that the Obama's political campaign was known for its discipline and ensuring voter turnout (not unlike Modi's). The Obama team was also artful, fiercely combative, unleashing tough tactics behind closed doors.
 Obama like Modi had political figures in his team known for their take-no-prisoners approach to opponents. In his first term, Obama had Rahm Emanuel as his chief of staff who was used as a battering ram to tackle the Congress and settle intra-administration quarrels. Robert Gates writes in Duty that Emanuel was known for his "inexhaustible supply of 'f-bombs'" and "terrorising everyone, even cabinet officers".
Modi famously manoeuvred his way up in Gujarat's politics and triumphed over the powerful Patel lobby that dominated state politics for decades, eventually sending veterans like Keshubhai Patel into oblivion. He also has an abrasive Rahm Emanuel-like figure in Amit Shah on his side who is not known for building consensus, as Shiv Sena recently found out. Modi has also drafted trusted bureaucrats from Gujarat into key roles in the prime minister's office.
9. Like many politicians, power has moderated their positions - and in some cases vastly altered them. Obama had a good record on civil liberties during his time as senator, but as president he has refused to shutdown Guantanamo, scaled up drone attacks in Afghanistan, Pakistan and Yemen, and prosecuted whistleblowers like Chelsea Manning (formerly Bradley Manning) and Edward Snowden - over Wikileaks and NSA's surveillance programme respectively.
Likewise Modi was critical of UPA's "biryani diplomacy" with Pakistan in 2013 but went on to invite his counterpart Nawaz Sharif to his swearing-in. Candidate Modi spoke of China's "expansionist mindset" in February, but  he has been fairly conciliatory towards Beijing notwithstanding recent 'incursions' by PLA troops in Ladakh. Such 'compromises' will likely continue.
10. Lastly, not a point of comparison, but an argument that Obama's experience offers lessons to Modi on the inevitability of political decline. Three factors worked against Obama which Modi too will encounter: First, unexpected events like the financial crisis, Ukraine and ISIS provide little space for burnishing authority.
Two, Obama did not keep his own ideological allies together; he lost the Left by taking hardline positions on Snowden and other national security issues, and, lastly, Obama gained a reputation as an aloof, arrogant figure incapable of making deals with different power centres in an intensely differentiated, federal political system - not unlike India's. The mood in Washington and America changed soon after.
Obama's trajectory, from the dizzy euphoria of 2008 to the relatively low poll ratings he now registers, shows that contemporary politics rarely throw up messianic figures who can outlast the scrutiny of media-saturated cultures. It's not clear if Modi can buck that trend.

http://usat.ly/1rzGDwAFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
If it's what's for dinner, expect to pay more
Grocery shoppers facing sticker shock at the supermarket for beef, pork and other meats should get ready to pay even more in 2014, the federal government said Thursday, with high prices unlikely to ease soon.
Post to Facebook
If it's what's for dinner, expect to pay more Grocery shoppers facing sticker shock at the supermarket for beef, pork and other meats should get ready to pay even more in 2014, the federal government said Thursday, with high prices unlikely to ease soon. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1sv0jE5
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
7
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
If it's what's for dinner, expect to pay more
Christopher Doering , USATODAY 5:42 p.m. EDT September 25, 2014
Beef sirloin steaks are displayed behind the meat counter at a Publix Super Markets Inc. grocery store in Knoxville, Tennessee, U.S., on Wednesday, March 5, 2014. Publix's sales for the fourth quarter of 2013, were $7.4â? billion, a 5.3 percent increase from last year's $7.0 billion. Photographer: Luke Sharrett/Bloomberg ORG XMIT: 477240267
(Photo: Luke Sharrett Bloomberg)
598 CONNECT 90 TWEET 48 LINKEDIN 7 COMMENTEMAILMORE
WASHINGTON -- Grocery shoppers facing sticker shock at the supermarket for beef, pork and other meats should get ready to pay even more in 2014, the federal government said Thursday, with high prices unlikely to ease any time soon.
Estimates for the growth in retail prices for meats, many of which are sitting at record highs because of drought and diseases across the country, were increased by the Agriculture Department in August. The department now expects meat prices to rise 6.5% in 2014, up from 5.5% forecast a month earlier, and well ahead of the 20-year average increase of 2.9%. The beef and veal category was revised upward to 8.5% this year, with pork slated to jump 8%. Poultry was unchanged at 3.5%.
"We weren't so much surprised that we had to raise (beef prices) as we were that demand has remained high for beef," said Annemarie Kuhns, an economist with USDA's Economic Research Service who compiles the report. "Typically, you see a bit of consumer push-back that would ease the demand for the limited supply." The increase in meat prices, she said, was the result of small herd sizes and continued demand for meat by U.S. consumers.
This year alone, food prices across the United States are forecast to jump 3%, nearly in line with the historical average of 2.6% during the past two decades. USDA said despite the surge in meats, overall food prices are being kept in check by lower-than-normal increases in breads, cereals and other packaged goods.
Beef and veal prices have soared as a result of the lingering impact of a widespread drought in 2012 and dry conditions currently affecting cattle producing states of Texas and Oklahoma. Cattle inventories have decreased in recent months to their lowest level since 1951. As a result, consumers paid an average of $4 a pound for 100% ground beef in August, up 55 cents from the same month in 2013, according to the Labor Department's Bureau of Labor Statistics.
Sunshine Foods, which operates 14 stores in South Dakota, Iowa and Minnesota, has raised prices on 80% ground beef by $1 during the past year to $3.99 a pound. Darin Hill, who oversees meat purchases for the regional grocer, said consumers initially shunned high beef prices and shifted their money to pork and chicken that were comparatively cheaper. While beef sales at Sunshine are down about 20% from September 2013, consumers have shown signs of coming back to the popular meat.
"People just kind of get adjusted to the pricing," Hill said. "They always come back to beef."
Meanwhile, the pork industry has been decimated by the fast-moving porcine epidemic diarrhea (PED) virus that has ravaged hog farms in 31 states, including Iowa, killing an estimated 8 million pigs, or about 10% of the U.S. herd. The reduction has pushed up prices for bacon, ham and other hog products. Center cut pork chops, for example, sold for about $4.35 a pound in August, an increase of 21% during the last year.
Meat prices are not expected to fall anytime soon, but as livestock herds expand, producers are expected to benefit from a multi-year low in grain prices. Eventually, consumers will, too.
"From a consumer standpoint, cheap grain makes cheaper livestock," said Don Roose, president of U.S. Commodities in West Des Moines. "That's the catalyst, that's the game-changer."
The cattle market is not expected to experience a noticeable increase in herd sizes for about two years, while hogs could take nine months to improve if the industry does not see the PED worsen during the winter. That means it could be several months before consumers see a drop in prices for these meats. Poultry can get to market much faster, in just a few months, allowing chicken supplies to rebound more rapidly.
"It looks like meat supplies are on the rise, it's just a matter of how quickly," Roose said.
Meat prices are expected to jump 3.5% in 2015, assuming normal weather conditions. Overall, food prices are expected to increase an average of 2.5% next year. Severe weather events could push food costs higher than the current forecasts, the government said.
598 CONNECT 90 TWEET 48 LINKEDIN 7 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1sv0jE5
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

India will be open and friendly for business  says Modi in Wall Street JournalIndia will be open and friendly for business, says Modi in Wall Street Journal
PTI
PM says there is a high tide of hope for change in India
New York, Sept 26:  
Asserting that there is a “high tide of hope for change” in India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said that the country will be open and friendly for business and ideas to make it a new global manufacturing hub.
“We will create world-class infrastructure that India badly needs to accelerate growth and meet people’s basic needs. We will make our cities and towns habitable, sustainable and smart; and we will make our villages the new engines of economic transformation,” Modi said.
“’Make in India’ is our commitment — and an invitation to all — to turn India into a new global manufacturing hub. We will do what it takes to make it a reality,” he wrote in an op-ed article in The Wall Street Journal.
Modi said India will pursue its dreams in partnership with its international friends.
“History tells us that India’s natural instinct is to be open to the world. India will be open and friendly — for business, ideas, research, innovations and travel,” Modi said.
“In the coming months, you will feel the difference even before you begin your travel to India.”
The Prime Minister, who arrives in New York today on his maiden five-day US visit, said: “There is a high tide of hope for change in India.”
Modi said that 1.25 billion people spoke unequivocally this May for political stability, good governance and rapid development, adding that India has a government with a majority in the Lok Sabha, for the first time in 30 years.
“A young nation with 800 million people under age 35, India is brimming with optimism and confidence. The young people’s energy, enthusiasm and enterprise are India’s greatest strength.
“Unleashing those attributes is my government’s biggest mission,” he said.
“We will pursue this mission by eliminating unnecessary laws and regulations, making bureaucratic processes easier and shorter, and ensuring that our government is more transparent, responsive and accountable.
“It has been said that doing the thing right is as important as doing the right thing,” he said.
(This article was published on September 26, 2014)
Related

Reliance Jio to raise $750-mn loan from Korea Exim BankReliance Jio to raise $750-mn loan from Korea Exim Bank
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 26:  
Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd (a subsidiary of RIL) has signed a $750-million loan backed by Korea Exim Bank and guaranteed by its parent RIL on September 24.
This is to finance goods and services procured from Samsung electronics for its infrastructure rollout, RIL said in an exchange filing.
The loan has a 12-year tenor. It would be available over two years and would be repayable over 10 years thereafter.
Of the total loan amount of $750 million, $440 million would be directly funded by Korea Exim Bank and the remaining $310 million funded under the K-Exim covered guarantee through 13 banks.
The banks are - HSBC, ANZ Banking group, Banco Santander SA, Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi Ltd, UFJ Ltd, BNP Paribas, Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, CommerzBank AG, ING Bank, JP Morgan Chase Bank NA, Mizuho Bank Ltd, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and Nonghyup Bank.
(This article was published on September 26, 2014)
Related

Chip-maker AMD in talks with movie houses  studiosChip-maker AMD in talks with movie houses, studios
PTI
Tweet
Panaji, Sept 25:  
Betting big on the multi-billion dollar film industry in India, global chip maker AMD is engaging with professionals in the sector to help them use visual effects and graphics in their works at lower costs.
The US-based firm, which has worked with Hollywood directors like Robert Rodriguez (Machete Kills and Sin City), has collaborated with Indian film maker S S Rajamouli on various projects.
“There is a huge amount of content created in India and a huge number of stories to tell, there are examples like Mahabharata and Ramayana but we don’t have something like a Lord of the Rings. Compared to Hollywood, the budgets here are small. We can help film makers use graphics and visual effects in a cost-effective manner using our technology,” AMD Corporate VP Visual Computing Raja Koduri told PTI.
The company has today launched a new graphics card, offering high compute and graphics capabilities, aimed at video design and engineering professionals in the country.
Priced at about US $ 4,500, the AMD FirePro W9100 has a 16GB ultrafast GDDRS memory, which allows work station users to multitask efficiently across up to six 4K (ultra high resolution) displays, edit, colour—correct and layer in multiple effects to 4K video projects in real-time, Koduri said.
Compared to previous generation of graphic cards, the new product is about 1.5-2 times faster, he added.
“The AMD FirePro W9100 is designed to deliver ultimate visual supercomputing performance for the next generation, ultra high resolution workflows. This professional graphics card ensures smooth handling of complex models,” he said.
Asked about the film makers that AMD is in discussion with, Koduri declined to divulge names but said it is looking at a more “direct” relationship with the various film industries here.
“Most Indian studios are using our products in some way or the other. However, now we are looking at a more direct engagement with film makers here to offer solutions and the right set of software solutions to work with our products to deliver cost-effective solutions,” he said.
He added that though the film business accounts for a small percentage of the company’s budget, but the margins are higher.
AMD has also partnered educational institutions like MAAC, which trains students for using graphics and visual effect.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Ministries fast-tracking trade facilitation reformsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indians and Americans see each other in positive light: SurveyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Rashtrapati Bhavan to become Financially Inclusive TownshipRashtrapati Bhavan to become Financially Inclusive Township
Shishir Sinha
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 27:  
The President Estate, which houses the President of India and his staff in the national capital, will be converted into a financially inclusive township. A campaign has been launched by the Rashtrapati Bhavan administration to achieve bringing all the 5,000 residents and contractual workers within the financial inclusion programme by mid December.
The campaign has five components. All the residents will get Aadhar Number. The unbanked people will open saving bank account under ‘Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana.’ All the new and existing bank account holders will get ‘RuPay’ debit card from United Bank of India. People, working in unorganised sector, will be enrolled under special pension scheme ‘Swavalamban.’
Finally, there will be a financial literacy programme and creation of a financial literacy hub at the Dr. Rajendra Prasad Sarvodaya Vidyalaya within Rashtrapati Bhavan for the students, their families as well as all residents of the President’s Estate.
According to a statement issued by the Rashtrapati Bhavan, this project  is intended to establish a model of convergence in government programmes and services to ensure that benefits of various schemes accrue to all residents of the President’s Estate. “Special attention will be given to senior citizens, women, and special children,” it said while adding that efforts will be made to ensure that contractual workers working in the President’s Estate obtain all possible benefits that are due to them.
Steps will also be taken in future to provide residents of the President’s Estate benefits under the Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana (RSBY) and pension benefits to young widows, and disabled.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

Vadodara tense  cops clamp down on social mediaComments
The Gujarat government has suspended mobile data and bulk SMS and MMS services in Vadodara till Tuesday following communal unrest over a Facebook post that hurt religious sentiments.
The trouble began on Thursday afternoon and flared-up after namaaz on Friday after which the state home department issued orders to suspend these services to prevent the spread of rumours through Facebook, Twitter, WhatsApp and other social media.
“The situation is under control now. The home department issued the order banning mobile internet and bulk SMS and MMS. Broadband service is not touched,” said E. Radhakrishnan, Vadodara’s police commissioner.
State authorities have taken a series of steps including “banning internet use for group messages and stopping sale of pre-paid mobile cards for few days,” said SK Nanda, additional chief secretary (home), who visited Vadodara to take stock of the situation on Saturday.
HT has however found that the suspension of mobile data services may have been done in violation of procedure and probably exists without any legal basis.
According to government regulations, mobile data and SMS services can only be stopped after directions from the Union home ministry, and not by the state government or the district administration.
“No one other than the Department of Telecommunications (DoT) secretary, based on directions from the Union home ministry can ask a network to stop (such services),” said Rajan Mathews, director general, Cellular Operators Association of India. A senior Supreme Court lawyer specializing in telecom also backed what Mathews said.
State authorities wouldn’t confirm whether they approached the Union home ministry prior to issuing the suspension orders.
DoT secretary Rakesh Garg also denied receiving any request regarding the suspension of data and SMS/MMS services. "I have not received any request… but if Section 144 is enforced, it can cover a wide area, including various services (telecom, transport etc)… But this is in rare occasions that threaten law and order.”
HT has found that Section 144 has not been imposed in Vadodara.
The tension in Vadodara’s old city erupted on Thursday when a man identified as Sunil Rajput posted on Facebook a photoshopped image of a Hindu goddess superimposed on an image of the Muslim holy city of Mecca.
The photograph was circulated via social media triggering communal clashes in which over a dozen vehicles and several shops were set on fire.
On Friday, a few people gathered in the sensitive Fatehpura area and started pelting stones. This prompted the police to fire a dozen rounds in the air and lob teargas shells to disperse the crowd.
Vadodara commissioner Radhakrishnan said that the area had returned to normal on Saturday. “All markets and shops were open,” he added.

Serious about peace with Pakistan: Modi at UNGAView Photo
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses the 69th United Nations General Assembly …
UNITED NATIONS  —  Prime Minister Narendra Modi said Saturday he's serious about holding peace talks with Pakistan but also criticized the neighboring country, insisting it must create an "appropriate atmosphere" for the dialogue.
In a lengthy address to U.N. General Assembly, his first since taking power in May, Modi said that dialogue needs to take place "without the shadow of terrorism."
Modi had invited Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to his swearing-in ceremony but India in August withdrew from planned talks between their foreign secretaries as Pakistan wanted to consult first with separatists in the disputed region of Kashmir.
In his U.N. address Friday, Nawaz criticized India's withdrawal from the talks, saying the world saw it as a "missed opportunity."
India and Pakistan have fought two of their three wars over the divided Himalayan region of Kashmir since independence in 1947, and India accuses Pakistan of assisting militants that fight against Indian security forces.
"I do want to hold bilateral talks with them but it is also the duty of Pakistan to come forward and create an appropriate atmosphere," Modi said, according to a translation of his comments made in the Hindi language.
He objected to Pakistan raising the dispute over the talks at the U.N., saying it raised questions about their seriousness. Modi said the priority now should be cooperation to aid victims of flooding in Kashmir that has killed hundreds on both sides.
Recommend

PM Modi at UNGA: Let s move towards G-All | CoverageBan Ki-Moon
(Modi said countries should…)
NEW DELHI: Talking of the need for creating a world with sustainable growth, Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his address at the UN General Assembly said, "We must ask ourselves why despite the existence of a body like UN, various other groups such as G8 are there. Why should we not work towards G-All," Modi exhorted.
"We have to rise above the concept of zero-sum game. We have to stop looking at profit and loss in everything," Modi told the Assembly. "No single nation can govern the fate of the world. We have to work together," Modi reiterated.
"When we craft agreements on international trade we should accommodate each other's concerns and interests. Every Government will have to fulfill their responsibilities for development, which means better coordination of policies," Modi told the assembly.
"Let us pledge that 2015 will mark the year when we steer the world in a new direction. let us work towards a sustainable world," Modi said. "Let us fulfil the promise to reform UN Security Council by 2015," Modi said.
"Terrorism is emerging in new forms and names everyday. No nation is free of terrorism," Modi said. "There are some nations that are giving to refuge to terrorism...the shadow of terrorism must end," Modi added.
Modi said that all countries should work together to counter terrorism. "We need Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism," Modi urged. "We must work together for peace in both outer space and cyber space," he said.
Slamming Pakistan for raising the issue of Kashmir , Modi said, "First create an atmosphere for peaceful talks. This is not the platform to raise this issue." "We are ready to engage with Pakistan, but without the shadow of terrorism," Modi asserted.
"Pakistan must also take its responsibility seriously to create an appropriate environment," he said.
"From the first day, NDA government has worked towards promoting friendship and cooperation with its neighbours," he added.
Modi stared his maiden address as PM at the UN General Assembly by saying, "India is a country with 1/6th of the world's population."
"Every nation, every country's view is shaped by its civilization and its philosophical tradition. India sees the entire world as a family," Modi said. "Law, dignity, opportunity and prosperity for the world is what we have always spoken of. Indian culture believes in brotherhood," Modi added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Vintage Jayalalithaa: a politician of many colors captured in 20 rare photosJ Jayalalithaa has seen many highs and lows in her colourful and illustrious political career spanning three decades. Here is a random collection of twenty rare, vintage photos from her past which capture some of those momentous moments.
14.08.91
AIADMK Leader Jayalalithaa (HT Photo)
16.07.91
Jayalalithaa greets Former PM P V Narasimha Rao in New Delhi (HT Photo)
19.05.95
AIADMK leader Jayalalithaa with a child. (HT Photo)
27.03.99
Children welcoming AIADMK leader Jayalalithaa at the evening Tea Party hosted by Vijay Goel in Delhi (Manish Swarup, HT Photo)
27.03.99
AIADMK leader J Jayalalithaa with Sonia Gandhi. (Manish Swarup, HT Photo)
19.04.99
AIADMK Chief Jayalalithaa met with West Bengal CM Jyoti Basu, Subramanian Swamy, was also present at the occasion in the Capital( Pradeep Bhatia, HT Photo)
Undated
Samajwadi Party President Mulayam S Yadav and AIADMK President Jayalalithaa and Amar Singh. HT Photo
08.10.98
AIADMK President Jayalalithaa meeting with former Home Minister L K Advani at North Block in the Capital. (Prakash Singh, HT Photo)
Undated
AIADMK President Jayalalithaa (HT Photo)
25.03.89
A weeping Jayalalithaa showing to newsmen the spot on the Head where the DMK Members allegedly hit her in the Tamil Nadu Assembly (PTI)
07.10.97
A Cheerful Jayalalitha arriving at the Special Court complex in Chennai to face proceedings in the multi crore coal import scam (PTI)
17.08.92
AIADMK leader Jayalalithaa (HT Photo)
Undated
AIADMK leader Jayalalithaa (HT Photo)
Undated
AIADMK leader Jayalalithaa (HT Photo)
10.10.98
AIADMK Leader Jayalalithaa at the media programme in press club at Delhi, PTI
16.07.91
Jayalalithaa with Pranab Mukherjee, at that time Deputy Chairman of planning commission in New Delhi. (PTI)
Undated
Rajiv Gandhi visiting Jayalalithaa in a hospital who was at that time injured in a road accident. (PTI)
Undated
Jayalalithaa acknowledgeing the supporters who gathered outside her residence, after AIADMK won in the Tamil Nadu assembly election,in Chennai. (Prakash singh HT photo)
 17 July 2010
Janata Dal (United) President Sharad Yadav in a meeting with AIADMK Supremo J Jayalalitha at her residence in Chennai (HT Photo by R S Kumar)
30.01.99

Ready to talk to Pakistan  but not under shadow of terror: Modi at UNPrime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday hit back at Pakistan, questioning its seriousness in resolving the Kashmir issue by raising it at the United Nations.
  
Prime Minster Narendra Modi (R) speaks with New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio during a bilateral meeting at the New York Plaza Hotel ahead of his appearance at the ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greets people on the streets of New York. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi gestures at the site of the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New York. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi lays a yellow rose on the name of an Indian who died, at the site of the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New ...
Snipers keep watch on the roof of the 9/11 Museum during Prime Minster Narendra Modi's visit to the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New York. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi unveils a commemorative wreath at the site of the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New York. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi visits 9/11 Memorial exhibition in New York. (PTI Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives at the United Nations during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters. (AP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi meets with Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters. (AP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, is given a tour after arriving at the United Nations during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters. (AP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, arrives to speak at the 69th Session of the UN General Assembly. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, speaks during the 69th Session of the UN General Assembly. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi bows his head after addressing the 69th United Nations General Assembly. (AFP Photo)
“Raising issues in this forum is not the way to make progress towards resolving issues between our two countries,” Modi said in his first speech at the UN General Assembly.
If Pakistan wants to resolve the problem, the Prime Minister averred, it must “also take its responsibility seriously to create an appropriate environment.”
“I am prepared to engage in a serious bilateral dialogue with Pakistan in a peaceful atmosphere, without the shadow of terrorism,” Modi said, reiterating India’s standing position.
Instead of raising these issues at the UN, he said, India and Pakistan should be helping victims of the devastating floods on both sides of the border.
Pakistan’s Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif had on Friday told the general assembly he was disappointed by India cancelling the foreign secretary-level talks.
Modi was not expected to respond to Sharif’s obvious attempt at India-baiting with a long running political tool, criticism over Kashmir. The MEA spokesperson had said that the Prime Minister’s speech would be forward-looking, leaving Sharif to some official.
But Modi took on Sharif himself, questioning his sincerity in dealing with the dispute that has defined India-Pakistan relations for decades.
In a speech delivered in Hindi — from a prepared text in English — Prime Minister Modi also called for the long-standing reforms of the UN Security Council.
“We must reform the United Nations, including the Security Council, and make it more democratic and participative,’ he said.
The Prime Minister began his second day of the US tour, first day of full engagements, with an early morning tour of the 9/11 memorial and the attached museum.
Dressed in his trademark short-sleeve shirt, with a shawl thrown over his shoulder, the prime minister could be seen listening intently to his briefer.
He then changed into a dark bandh-gala suit for his UN engagements, starting with a meeting with secretary general Ban ki Moon, and a tour of the US complex.
Minutes before he was to speak, external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj, led the India delegation to their desk to the assembly floor, accompanied by NSA Ajit Doval.
The visitors’ gallery was packed, unusually for a Saturday morning, said several UN officials, impressed not only by the strength of the Indian media contingent, but also by Modi fans.
Watch: It is upto Pakistan to create right atmosphere and come forward for bilateral talks: Modi
After touching on all major global challenges — climate change and terrorism, for instance — the Prime Minister raised a long-standing Indian demand for UN SC reform.
India has been pushing for increasing the permanent membership of the Security Council beyond the present five — US, UK, China, Russia and France — without much success.
“We must reform the United Nations, including the Security Council, and make it more democratic and participative,” said the prime minister.
He warned that the failure to do so could make these institution irrelevant. “Institutions that reflect the imperatives of 20th century won’t be effective in the 21st.”
He added, “It would face the risk of irrelevance; and we will face the risk of continuing turbulence with no one capable of addressing it.”
Delivered in Hindi, from English remarks
The Prime Minister delivered his speech in Hindi, from a speech written in English. His speech tracked closely with the text in English, in spirit. But the translator seemed completely off-key, jumping from word to word, without trying to capture the sense of what Modi was saying.
Pitch for Yoga
An avid practitioner of Yoga, the Prime Minister gave it major shoutout in his speech calling it “an invaluable gift of our ancient tradition”. He said, “Yoga embodies unity of mind and body; thought and action; restraint and fulfilment; harmony between man and nature; a holistic approach to health and well being.”
G-1, G-4 or G for all?
While making a pitch for a genuinely interaction compact of nations, he said there is a tendency to bunch countries into various groups. “Today, we still operate in various Gs with different numbers. India, too, is involved in several. But, how much are we able to work together as G1 or G-All?”
Live Blog Modi in America
.
Earlier Modi paid tributes at the memorial, also known as Ground Zero, where the twin towers of the iconic World Trade Center(WTC) were destroyed in the unprecedented terror attack on September 11, 2001.
    
Dressed in a spotless white kurta and churidars and a grey shawl thrown on his left shoulder, a sombre looking Modi gently placed rose buds one by one--five in all--on the grey granite memorial slabs where names of the victims were etched, stood for a while and folded his hands.
    
Modi, who was in a reflective mood, also visited the 9/11 museum, that displays artifacts associated with the events of the terror attack while presenting stories of loss and recovery.
    

In UN speech  Narendra Modi refuses to take on Nawaz Sharif head on over Kashmir issueHome
FE editor's picks
In UN speech, Narendra Modi calls for global action against terrorism; asks 'are we hobbled by our politics'
Agencies | United Nations | Updated:  Sep 27 2014, 22:13  IST
Sep 27 2014, 22:13  IST
 

$10 000 reward for serving court summons to ModiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Thanks a lot sir!! sure will definitely let u know :) waise abhi manzi...Platinum Member
154 Followers
I will try my best friend.. 8000 pe unwinding and 8000 ce writing witnessed on friday.. 8000 ce OI more as compared to 8000 pe. bad news for bulls, though its first day of series.. need some more ime to set the direction. decisive close above 8020/55 will set direction for bulls till then bears upper hand in Nifty. Though I dnt actively follow wipro and axis, as per OI data Wipro 600 level and axis bank 400 level seems a good resistance.. let me tell u this is just the first day of series and so OI data is not significant so far.. good luck..

US court issues summons against Modinew york, September 26, 2014
Updated: October 1, 2014 02:43 IST
US court issues summons against Modi
Narayan Lakshman
The Hindu U.S. federal law first gives federal courts jurisdiction to hear lawsuits filed by U.S. residents for acts committed in violation of international law outside the U.S. Photo: R.V. Moorthy
TOPICS
India-United States
Even before he touched down on U.S. soil after a nine-year visa ban, a federal court in New York has issued summons against the Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his alleged role in presiding over the anti-Muslim pogrom in Gujarat during 2002 when he was Chief Minister of the state.
The lawsuit, filed by the American Justice Center (AJC), a non-profit human rights organisation identified among the plaintiffs “two survivors of the horrific and organised violence of Gujarat 2002”, and called for a response from Mr. Modi based on the Alien Tort Claims Act (ATCA) and the Torture Victim Protection Act (TVPA).
Gurpatwant Singh Pannun, whose law firm represents the plaintiffs, explained via email to The Hindu that the summons issued by the Federal Court of Southern District of New York requires Mr. Modi to respond within 21 days after it is served.
The summons document, which also alludes to the 21-day deadline, notes that if the Prime Minster fails to answer the attached complaint, “Judgement by default will be entered against you for the relief demanded in the complaint,” adding that Mr. Modi was expected to file his answer or motion with the court.
Specifically the twenty-eight page complaint filed was said to seek compensatory and punitive damages and “charges PM Modi with committing crimes against humanity, extra-judicial killings, torture and inflicting mental and physical trauma on the victims, mostly from the Muslim community”.
Mr. Pannun further noted that the “default judgement”, which in other cases has been entered against defendants in their absence, would be a “declaration from Federal Court that 2002 killing of Muslims was ‘Genocide’ as per US and international law”, and possibly grant compensatory and punitive damages for the riot victims.
According to a statement by the plaintiffs the ATCA, also known as Alien Tort Statute (ATS), is a U.S. federal law first adopted in 1789 that gives federal courts jurisdiction to hear lawsuits filed by U.S. residents for acts committed in violation of international law outside the US.
Commenting on the summons issued by the John Bradley, a Director at the AJC said, “The Tort Case against Prime Minister Modi is an unequivocal message to human rights abusers everywhere… Time and place and the trappings of power will not be an impediment to justice”.
The AJC is scheduled to hold press conference on September 26 to clarify the implications of the lawsuit filed in terms of the legal path ahead in the survivors’ quest for justice, according to a statement the organisation issued.

Tata International appoints former Home Secreary G K Pillai as its ChairmanE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Govt may bring ownership of coal blocks on par with other resourcesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Business spending  exports spur big bounce in U.S. economyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

As PM Narendra Modi lands in US  S&P upgrades its outlook on IndiaAs PM Narendra Modi lands in US, S&P upgrades its outlook on India
fe Bureau | New Delhi, Mumbai | Updated:  Sep 27 2014, 00:27  IST
Sep 27 2014, 00:27  IST
 

Apple Inc on defensive over iPhone 6 bending  software glitchesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

UTV to produce Fawad Khan s next to be directed by Delhi Belly s Akshat VermaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan resigns after government is reduced to minorityE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Gyan Bhushan to replace RK Padmanabhan as Sebi CVOGyan Bhushan to replace RK Padmanabhan as Sebi CVO
Jayshree P Upadhyay & Somesh Jha | Mumbai / New Delhi Sep 26, 2014 10:37 PM IST
 
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has appointed Gyan Bhushan as chief vigilance officer (CVO), replacing R K Padmanabhan, who held the position for about three years.
The move comes at a time when the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has initiated a probe into Padmanabhan’s role in the investigation in the Bank of Rajasthan case.
Top CBI officials confirmed the development, stating: “The agency is looking into the role played by Padmanabhan in weakening the (Bank of Rajasthan) case.”
A public interest litigation (PIL) also has been filed in the Bombay High Court against Sebi, along with other regulatory bodies, over the practices while appointment of vigilance officers.
Bhushan is also the executive directors at Sebi, handling the surveillance charge. Meanwhile, Padmanabhan will continue to operate as executive director at Sebi in the investigation department.
A query sent to Sebi seeking confirmation didn’t elicit any response.
The PIL filed by Indian Council of Investors came up for hearing in the high court on Friday.
Sebi made a submission in the matter, stating that it has made a policy decision not to appoint an officer handling sensitive portfolio as a CVO. The court directed Sebi to make a written submission in the case, which will be heard on October 9.
Separately, minority shareholders of the bank have filed a writ petition against Sebi over inadequate penalty imposed by the regulator on the promoters of the erstwhile lender. The writ petition also has contested the dual role played by Padmanabhan as CVO and head of investigation department at Sebi.
In the bank's appeal, the court has directed Sebi to file a reply before September 30.
The minority shareholders have alleged that the promoters of the bank made wrongful gains of about Rs 700 crore by making improper disclosures. Sebi had imposed a penalty of just Rs 30 crore against the promoter group entities in 2012.
Sebi has stated that it does not comment on the quasi judicial orders, when previously queried on this matter.
The market regulator had, however, stated that it has sought guidance from the Chief Vigilance Commission, a regulatory body governing vigilance work in autonomous regulators.

AP govt clears investment proposals of Ultratech  Ramco CementAP govt clears investment proposals of Ultratech, Ramco Cement
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Sep 27, 2014 08:25 PM IST
A proposal to set up two green-field cement plants with an installed capacity of 9.5 million tonnes (mt) by the Ultratech Cement Limited of Aditya Birla Group was cleared by Andhra Pradesh government.  The company, which has a total installed capacity of 62 mt across about 21 plants in India, currently operates a 4.9 mt capacity plant at Tadipatri in Anantapur district of Andhra Pradesh.  These two plants of a similar size have been proposed to be set up at Dachepalli of Guntur district and  at Pentikota of Kurnool district by the company.
Ramco Cement's plant proposed with a capacity of 2.5 million tonne in Kurnool district has also been aprroved.
 
The state investment promotion board (SIPB), headed by chief minster N Chandrababu Naidu, cleared investment proposals worth about Rs 9,200 crore, including the cement plants yesterday, according to a statement issued by AP industry department principal secretary J S V Prasad.
 
According to government sources, the two cement companies already possess the mining leases on limestone reserves to support these additional capacities. 
 
"They have asked for about five years to construct the plants owing to lack of infrastructure at the proposed locations. However, the government has agreed to give them three years time," an official told Business Standard.
 
The SIPB has also decided to provide a railway siding facility for a distance of 20 km to meet the transport requirements of the proposed cement plants in Kurnool district. The board also agreed to provide a dedicated water supply line for all the three cement plants apart from giving additional water to the Ultratech Cement's existing plant in Anantapur district.
 
The board also decided to reduce the VAT on Subabul plant used in paper and cardboard industry to 5% from the existing 14.5% and also deleted MDF board and particle board manufacturing from the negative list of industrial investment policy.
 

India will set the record straight on Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif s Kashmir remarks in UN  says MEASep 27, 2014 at  08:53am IST
India will set the record straight on Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif's Kashmir remarks in UN, says MEA
44
0
New York: After Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif raked up the Kashmir issue at the United Nations General Assembly in New York, Ministry of External Affairs said that India will use its right to reply and set the record straight on the floor of the UN.
The MEA said, "The Prime Minister will make his address in a forward looking manner. As regards to the right to reply, certainly, India will use its right to reply and set the record straigth but this will be done on the floor of the UN and it will be done today."
Sharif had said, "The core issue of Jammu and Kashmir has to be resolved. This is the responsibility of the international community. We cannot draw a veil on the issue of Kashmir, until it is addressed in accordance with the wishes of the people of Jammu and Kashmir."
#narendra modi #modi meets america #kashmir #pakistan
Senior BJP leader Subramanian Swamy said there was no need to talk to Pakistan anymore. He said, "We have beaten them in war many times. We have unnecessary kindness to them. We should ignore it. There is no need to talk to Pakistan anymore."
Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh leader Rakesh Sinha said, "I think Pakistan does not want to have friendship with India. War is the only way to resolve it."
In a stinging remark, the 64-year-old had said that India was yet to fulfill a UN resolution on holding a plebiscite in Jammu and Kashmir.
"More than six decades ago, the United Nations passed resolutions to hold a plebiscite in Jammu and Kashmir. The people of Jammu and Kashmir are still waiting for the fulfillment of that promise," he had said.
Sharif's comments came even as Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi reached New York to begin his 5-day visit to the US.
Modi will address the UNGA on Saturday.
10

Har Har Modi  greets Prime Minister Narendra Modi in USOct 01, 2014 at  04:06pm IST
'Har Har Modi' greets Prime Minister Narendra Modi in US
36
0
New York: As Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived in New York on a five-day US visit, he was greeted with 'Har Har Modi' slogan, heard first during Lok Sabha poll campaign, by a large group of Indians who had gathered outside his hotel.
The Indians were also carrying placards with messages such as 'We love Modi' 'America loves Modi' 'Indian American loves Modi'. They were also shouting slogans in support of Prime Minister Modi and were also chanting 'Vande Mataram' and 'Bharat Mata Ki Jai', besides the most largely-shouted 'Har Har Modi' chants.
A special enclosure was made by the local police for these supporters to watch Modi as he came.
A special enclosure was made by the local police for these supporters to watch Modi as he came.

OVL ties up with Mexican company for E&POVL ties up with Mexican company for exploration
BS Reporter | New Delhi Sep 27, 2014 10:39 PM IST
ONGC Videsh Limited (ONGC Videsh) and Pemex-Exploracion Y Produccion, the upstream subsidiary of Pemex, the National Oil Company of Mexico, have entered into a memorandum of understanding and cooperation (MOU) to cooperate in the hydrocarbon sector in Mexico.
The MOU was signed by Anil Bhandari, director (exploration), on behalf of ONGC Videsh and Gustavo Hernandez Garcia, director general, on behalf of Pemex –Exploracion Y Produccion at Cancun, Mexico on the side-lines of World National Oil Companies Congress- Americas being held in Cancun.
The MOU was signed in presence of Emilio Lozoya, the Chief Executive Officer of Pemex. Under the MOU, the two companies plan to discuss future cooperation and collaboration in the upstream sector in Mexico.
The MOU also envisages cooperation in the fields of technology, human resources, research & development. Mexico is the largest crude oil producing country in Latin America. It has excellent potential for both conventional and unconventional hydrocarbon.

Oil India investing Rs 1 200 crore to revamp...Oil India investing Rs1,200 crore to revamp pump stations in Assam
PTI Sep 27, 2014, 06.05PM IST
Tags:
Arunachal Pradesh
(Energy major Oil India said…)
GUWAHATI: Energy major Oil India today said it is investing Rs 1,200 crore to revamp the pump stations of pipelines for carrying crude to refineries in Assam.
Addressing the shareholders during the 55th Annual General Body Meeting at the company's Fields' Headquarters in Duliajan, OIL Chairman and Managing Director S K Srivastava said: "The pumping stations of the trunk pipeline have been operating for over five decades and a revamping of these pump stations is being undertaken at a cost of Rs 1,200 crore."
OIL operates a 1,157 km long crude oil trunk pipeline of 5.5 million tonnes per annum (MTPA) capacity for transporting crude oil produced at oilfields in Upper Assam to the public sector refineries at Numaligarh, Guwahati and Bongaigaon, the company said in a statement.
Srivastava also mentioned about OIL's contribution to both state and central exchequer in terms of cess, royalty, sales tax, etc.
"The contribution to the state exchequer during the year (2013-14) was Rs 1,786 crore and that to the Central government was Rs 4,154 crore," he added.
The turnover of the company stood at Rs 9,612.70 crore in FY'14 as against Rs 9,947.57 crore in the previous fiscal. The profit after tax was Rs 2,981.30 crore in last fiscal compared to Rs 3,589.34 crore during 2012-13.
During 2013-14, the company declared a dividend of 215 per cent, the statement said.
In 2013-14, OIL provided subsidy discounts to the tune of Rs 8,736.85 crore, which was an increase of 10.7 per cent compared to Rs 7,892.17 crore in 2012-13, to oil marketing companies to compensate their under recoveries in line with government policy.
Srivastava also said crude oil production and condensate (including JV Share) was 3.502 MT in FY'14 as against 3.701 MT in 2012-13, while natural gas production was 2,626 MMSCM, which was almost same as 2,639 MMSCM in FY'13.
He also informed that during last fiscal, OIL made a total of seven hydrocarbon discoveries, of which six were in Upper Assam basin and one was in overseas in Gabon in West Africa.
Speaking about OIL's natural gas production, Srivastava said the company achieved production of 2,626 MMSCM from Assam, Arunachal Pradesh and Rajasthan fields during the year.
"The present gas production potential is about 7.35 MMSCMD from Assam and Arunachal Pradesh fields and about 0.70 MMSCMD from the Rajasthan fields," he added.
Giving an overview of overseas activities of OIL, Srivastava said the portfolio comprises of 16 blocks and are spread over 10 countries - Libya, Gabon, Nigeria, Yemen, Venezuela, USA , Mozambique, Myanmar, Bangladesh and Russia.
In addition, OIL has 10 per cent interest in a product pipeline in Sudan, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Calcutta High Court stays BI s  wilful defaulter  order against Kingfisher AirlinesKingfisher gets HC relief on wilful defaulter tag by UBI
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 27, 2014 10:40 PM IST
Kingfisher Airlines has secured a stay from the Calcutta High Court on the decision of the grievance redressal committee of the United Bank of India (UBI), which had earlier declared the airline and its directors (including erstwhile directors) as wilful defaulters.
The bank has been directed to file its affidavit-in-opposition by November 3 and the airline will file its reply one week thereafter. The next date of hearing has been fixed for November 10. In September United Bank of India declared Kingfisher Airlines and its chairman Vijay Mallya  wilful defaulters for non-payment of Rs 400 crore of dues. Three company directors — Subhash R Gupte, Ravi Nedungadi and Anil Kumar Ganguly — also figure in the list.
A Kingfisher Airlines spokesperson said, “We had earlier stated that we would legally challenge the wrongful decision of United Bank of India and that we have great faith in the judiciary in our Country. We will legally defend our position on all allegations going forward.”
Kingfisher Airlines Limited along with its directors/erstwhile directors had filed a writ petition in the Calcutta High Court  against the bank’s decision. The matter was  heard on Friday and Justice Debangsu Basak  held that, prima facie, UBI  acted in breach of the principles of natural justice by not making over the documents referred to and relied upon by it to Kingfisher prior to the hearing, and thus, not enabling airline  to make an effective representation against the charges, the airline spokesperson added.

Indian mens archery team wins gold; women settle for bronzeUpdated: September 27, 2014 09:18 IST
Indian men’s archery team wins gold; women settle for bronze
PTI
PTI Archers Abhishek Verma, Sandeep Kumar and Rajat Chauhan.
TOPICS
archery
India earned their second gold medal in the 17th Asian Games after the men’s compound archery team bagged the yellow metal by getting the better of South Korea, in Incheon on Saturday.
The Indian women’s compound team, meanwhile, settled for a bronze after beating Iran in the third-place play-off. The Indian men’s trio of Abhishek Verma, Rajat Chauhan and Sandeep Kumar eked out a narrow 227-225 victory over the hosts to give the country their second gold medal in eight days.
Shooter Jitu Rai had earned the top position on the first day of the competition. In a closely-fought contest today, the South Korean team of Choi yong-Hee, Min li-Hong and Yang young-Ho fell short by just two points, even as the Indians held on to their nerves to win an all-important battle. Indian men had 12 10s as compared to 13 by their opponents.
Earlier, the Indian women’s team consisting of Trisha Deb, Purvasha Shende and Surekha Jyothi shot 224, while Sakineh Ghasempour, Maryam Ranjbarsari and Shabnam Sarlak of Iran could earn a total of 217 points. Both Indian and Iranian women had a total of nine 10’s each at the Gyeyang Asiad Archery Field here.
Indian women had earlier lost the semi-finals by a slim margin of 224-226 against Chinese Taipei on Thursday to set up a bronze-medal play-off with Iran.

PM Modi to address 15 campaign meetings in MaharashtraSep 27, 2014 at 07:32pm IST
PM Modi to address 15 campaign meetings in Maharashtra
8
0
Mumbai: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will address over 15 campaign meetings in Maharashtra for the October 15 Assembly election, BJP said on Saturday after party President Amit Shah reviewed poll preparedness with senior state leaders.
This is the first election in over two decades which BJP is contesting without an alliance with Shiv Sena. "We have asked for maximum rallies of Modi in Maharashtra. I am confident that he will address over 15 public meetings," state BJP President Devendra Fadnavis said after the review meeting Shah had with senior party leaders.
All the remaining four parties of the erstwhile 'Mahayuti', a rainbow alliance which earlier included Shiv Sena, have decided to align with BJP, he said. The parties, including Raju Shetti-led Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana (SSS), Rashtriya Samaj Party (RSP) of Mahadeo Jankar, Vinayak Mete-led Shivsangram and Ramdas Athawale's RPI, have their own pockets of influence in the state.
This is the first election in over two decades which BJP is contesting without an alliance with Shiv Sena.
#bjp #shiv sena #rpi #narendra modi
Athawale, who was earlier in talks with the Sena, on Saturday met BJP leaders and has been reportedly promised eight Assembly seats of the total 288. "We will make seat allocation among allies public soon," Fadnavis said. BJP's election observer for Maharashtra Om Mathur, Fadnavis and other state BJP leaders were present.
The alliance between BJP and Shiv Sena in Maharashtra split on Thursday after failure of seat-sharing talks. Shah, who was to visit Mumbai on Thursday, had cancelled his trip and the same evening BJP announced its decision to snap the 25-year-old alliance with Sena.
6

I have been vindicated  says Swamy of Jayalalithaa s convictionBJP has a good chance to fill vacuum in TN: Subramanian Swamy
Raghuvir Badrinath | Bangalore Sep 27, 2014 09:42 PM IST
Subramanian Swamy is the man who first initiated the corruption case against J Jayalalithaa 18 years ago. In an interview with Raghuvir Badrinath at the IIM-Bangalore campus, where the BJP leader is urging students to actively take up cudgels against corruption, Swamy shared his views on the fallout of Jayalalithaa’s conviction: Edited excerpts:
After 18 years your move has finally come to see the light?
Yes. I am very happy that I am vindicated. I had started this fight against corruption and I am continuing this fight on 2G, National Herald and AirAsia issues. We have prevailed in the 2G issue to a large extent. I am happy that our efforts are bearing fruit and I will continue to fight corruption. I had raised the issue of coal allocations as well, but since I was overloaded with other cases, another BJP member took that issue forward and we are seeing the good news coming out there as well.
The legal process has taken 18 years. Isn’t it a disturbing factor?
It is, but the times are changing. The 2G issue was wrapped up in three years and we hope other major issues will be wrapped within the next two years. It is more heartening that a sessions court was able to give this kind of judgment against a person who is powerfully positioned. It is a good sign for fighting corruption in India.
How do you see this verdict playing out in the political scenario in Tamil Nadu?
For a long time, Tamil Nadu has been run by the two parties — DMK and AIADMK. Now with Jayalalithaa’s conviction and the DMK discredited in the 2G scam, there is a clear need for a national party to take control in the state. The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has a good chance in this vacuum and we need to work actively for the 2016 Assembly elections in the state. I don’t think we should push for early elections in Tamil Nadu as we need to work extensively on the ground, and I am all for two years for preparing that platform in the state. However, the BJP should contest all the seats alone and not align with fringe parties, such as Vaiko’s or Ramdas’s. I had urged Narendra Modi to take up the issue of contesting in Tamil Nadu in the Lok Sabha elections in all the seats in the state, but was outvoted. However, the time is now pretty ripe for us.
Do you feel AIADMK will capitulate after Jayalalithaa’s conviction?
It (AIADMK) has been for long a one-woman party, and with today’s (Saturday) development, I am not sure how the party will consolidate in future. I feel that some people may move to other parties and AIADMK may soon be relegated to the sidelines or may wither away.
There is a worry that violence would break out as a fallout of this conviction?
I am confident of the state and central machinery gearing up to nip any untoward incident in the bud. The home minister should send out a clear message and maintain law and order. Regarding my house being pelted by protesters, it is nothing new. I have faced such situations a number of times and I certainly don’t believe such elements will give up easily.

Microsoft to set up centre for developing skills in BengalMicrosoft to set up centre for developing skills in Bengal
BS Reporter | Kolkata Sep 27, 2014 08:22 PM IST
West Bengal Industry and Finance Minister Amit Mitra today said information technology giant Microsoft had approached the government to set up a skill development centre in the state.
Earlier, Samsung had signed a memorandum of understanding with the state government to set up technical schools in ITIs across West Bengal.
Mitra was speaking here at the annual general meeting of the Calcutta Chamber of Commerce.
As industries down shutters in West Bengal, Mitra said the state government’s steering committee was formulating a roadmap to make the state investment-friendly.
The steering committee was formed earlier this month after Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee’s visit to Singapore to attract investors.
“Fifty-five industrialists have joined the steering committee, which is a unique structure of cooperation between the government and the business community,” Mitra said.
Noting that West Bengal had registered a higher growth rate than the national average in the first quarter of 2014-15, Mitra said the state government had simplified the tax policy and provided for a capital investment subsidy. He urged investors to take advantage of it.
The state’s economy grew by 8.9 per cent in the first quarter of 2014-15 against a national average of 5.7 per cent.
“This government will provide all forms of support for the growth of industry to make West Bengal the best destination for investment in the country,” Mitra said.
He also announced an interest subsidy on term loans and a waiver of electricity duty for medium and small enterprises but was silent on large projects coming to the state.
Mitra added there had been a growth of 44 per cent in capital expenditure in West Bengal in 2013-14. “Assets have been created by the government which will overcome the infrastructure deficit and drive development in the state,” the minister said.
When asked about entry tax, Mitra said it was lower than in other states and was necessary to develop West Bengal’s industrial infrastructure.

First generation fortunes don t believe in dynasties: Bill & Melinda GatesFirst generation fortunes don't believe in dynasties: Bill & Melinda Gates
Business Standard | New Delhi Sep 27, 2014 09:48 PM IST
On a recent visit to India, Bill and Melinda Gates spoke with the author Chetan Bhagat about the philosophy behind their philanthropy at a public event titled "All Lives have Equal Value" on September 18 in New Delhi. They are co-chairs of the Gates Foundation, which has directed $1.4 billion at health (including HIV and polio prevention) sanitation and maternal mortality in India over the past decade. Edited excerpts:
Chetan: Welcome to India, Bill and Melinda. I'm very nervous. This is a huge honour for me and I'm a big fan. "All Lives Have Equal Value": they told me that this was the session's title. So, just want to ask both of you what made you arrive at this mission? What does this mean to you?
Melinda: This is a personal belief that Bill and I have. All lives do have equal value, but as we looked at what was going on around the world and as we started to learn more about what was going on in Africa or India, we (realised we) don't treat all lives as if they have equal value and we should. So, it's become the mission of our foundation and it will be our life's work.
Chetan: Bill, you generated wealth and you decided to open a foundation to do good for the society. You were an entrepreneur and now are a philanthropist. You could have perhaps opened another company, which did good for the society like a renewable energy company, a pharma research company. Instead you chose this complete U-turn from the entrepreneurial path (to) this foundation. How did it all happen?
Bill: Microsoft had a chance - by being at the very beginning of the computer revolution - to have this huge impact. For the philanthropy, we wanted also to have big impact, a kind of a new dimension. And what we saw was that for the diseases and challenges affecting the poorest, nobody was really bringing in the best scientists and the best measurement techniques. So whether it was tuberculosis, malaria or a variety of diseases, they were just neglected and it wasn't clear who was supposed to step up. Yet the poor countries who have the problems were never going to organise the capital and the scientific discovery process in a way that would get rid of these problems.
You know, people will ask me about Microsoft. They say 'Well, are you an entrepreneur?' I say 'No, I didn't think that way when I started a company.' I fell in love with software and it turns out… you want to get software out in the world, you build a company. So I started with the love of software first.
Here at the foundation, it was this love of innovation on behalf of the poorest, in building an institution that hired scientists and built partnerships. But I don't have any idea if the private field would have had nearly the same impact that the foundation has had.
Melinda: I think it's also important to say that, you know, right after Bill and I were engaged and even before that, we were talking about the fact that the resources that we were amassing from Microsoft would go back to society.
We read an article about something called Rotavirus in The New York Times, which is a diarrhoeal disease killing over a million children, and we were kind of scratching our heads saying, 'How can that be?' If a child in the US gets a diarrhoeal disease, you go down to the drug store and you get an off-the-shelf product. What is the failure that's happened that allowed so many children to die of that disease?
Then it became a learning journey to learn about so many other diseases and learn what were childhood deaths, etc that then led us to all the various places we have now gone with the foundation.
Chetan: Which brings me to again link that to this classic capitalist/socialist argument. Doesn't welfare create dependencies… doesn't it get the government off the hook?
Bill: Well, first on capitalism versus socialism, the system that works is largely a capitalistic system; no one really believes in 100 per cent capitalism. You can't run a police force or a judiciary capitalistically and even in domains like food, you can't be capitalistic. You need food standards, you need laws to make sure the pricing is done in a fair way. You need to fund research that the private sector tends not to do, but the basic research has actually driven a lot of the advances forward. And so you want the market to extend pretty far.
Different countries draw the boundary differently. The more socialistic things are, the less you get this incentive system and measurement system that works fairly well. There are certainly some areas where India still has a history of a more socialistic approach that will over time have to change to unleash all kinds of innovation.
The area we work in primary health care isn't a market, i.e. making sure every kid has vaccines, making sure delivery for services are available for women. The government has got to make sure those are offered. Now, you could outsource it to NGOs or even for-profit companies but by and large, the government has chosen to do this itself.
We don't want to take credit for something where basically in all of our programmes, we are partners with the government - or actually, our partners are partners with the government. Helping them get smarter faster: How do they train their people, what tool should they use, how do they take the best practices from other parts of the country or other parts of the world and apply those.
And in the long run, the basic responsibility for making sure every child gets vaccines or safe delivery, that's with government. And if we have been able to be in there and help them do that with high quality and high efficiency, the dream and the belief is that it will stick when we can move on and work on something else.
Chetan: We have seen a change in government, there is Mr Modi who is in power, broadly do you think it's a progressive agenda, do you see hope, do you see it's really something that could change things in India?
Melinda: We were enthused about the government that's come to power. I think in a couple of areas specifically that we working in: health, for instance - the fact that they came out right away and said that they are going to roll out four key new vaccines across India. That's absolutely huge. That will bring down childhood death.
Childhood death under five has been coming down since 1990. It used to be 12 children died out of every 100 born (in India). Now, we are down to five children dying out of every 100 born, but if you want to still get that 1.4 million children that die every year, you got to roll out these key vaccines and some of these are very specific to India like Japanese encephalitis. We see the commitment to newborn health, the fact that half the children that die are newborns. Huge commitment to that, huge commitment to getting out sanitation, which again will ultimately bring down diarrhoeal diseases and also make sure that people get the right nutrition to grow up healthy and be able to contribute and be part of the society and in school. So, just those three things alone we're really excited about.
Bill: I'd say there are a few things that are still unclear. When push comes to shove (on India's) health budget, it's going to have to go up. This government really needs to figure out the fiscal balance, so it will be interesting to see if that's going up.
I also think for the economy as a whole, there's some unpopular things that need to be done. The real test of a government is are they willing to do things that are good for the country? What good is a mandate if it's not to do some unpopular things?
In terms of our particular priorities, some great goals have been set. We're very enthused and we need to see… actual execution, the quality of implementation, the quality of the bank accounts - do they get used. There is a lot to be done there.
Chetan: You have chosen to take a path in life where you see suffering on a daily basis. Does it have a toll? Can you give an example where you are so moved that you just get overwhelmed and forgot about the foundation and just as a human being you couldn't take it.
Melinda: Sure. You see unbelievable things in the slums in Delhi, and I think it's important to take those things in and to not forget them, as tragic as they are and as heartbreaking as they are. They also move you to action.
I will give you one example from when I was in UP years ago. I was walking to a village and stopped by a woman's house. She didn't know who I was, where exactly I was from in the west. She begged me to take two children home. What she said to me is: 'Can't you see, I have nothing? My husband is hurt. He was injured on the job (and he was there lying on a mattress). We have no land, we have nothing, and I have five children, I can't feed these children, will you take two home?' That's heartbreaking, right, I mean absolutely heartbreaking and you'd like to take that child home. But what spurs you on is to say: 'How many families are in that situation and what can we do on a much larger scale to help lift people out of that abject poverty, so that they are not asking (people) to take their children home.' No mother ever wants to be in that situation.
Bill: Yeah, I think the two most emotionally tough times I had during work with foundation were both here in India and they had to do with this effort called Avahan, which was about reducing HIV infection. It was decided by the foundation team here that in order to do that you had to create communities for the sex workers where they could talk to each other and share stories and figure out how to stop police exploitation and violence and so many awful things that they have to put up with.
And so, we gathered the members of these communities together and one woman talked about her child who was ashamed of her mother and had committed suicide. It was the most horrific tale I have ever heard. There were several very tough ones just to listen what it was like, how people ended up in the situation, what their hopes were, how they were still wanting to get on with life and do good things.
Chetan: You are husband and wife and you are colleagues too. So, I'm going to ask you to performance review him, a very mini one, one strength one area which he has done well and one area for improvement.
Melinda: One huge area of strength I'd say about Bill is his unbelievable curiosity. No matter what the topic is, he is so interested, his curiosity is so focused on doing the right thing for the poor.
And the one area for improvement is Bill is very tough on himself and sometimes he can be tough on other people. Not tough on them personally, but tough on 'Do you really know.' So, if you were here presenting the results of Avahan, he is going to go through all the results with you and if you really don't know them, he's going to be tough on you. That was true at Microsoft too, but that's also what makes progress. But his toughness is also toughness on himself.
Chetan: All my questions okay so far?
Bill: Sure.
Melinda: Oh we are still going to go home together tonight after this...
Chetan: (To Bill) Your turn, all yours.
Bill: Well, Melinda is great about the people dynamics, how the processes we are using and the various personalities are coming together to create, to let people do their best work. She'll often look at choices we have through that lens and find allies inside the foundation who can help her improve those things. It makes a huge difference to have us always thinking about that and being part of how we make decisions. Yeah, in terms of negatives… you know she doesn't like long memos.
Melinda: Everything is binders of information, like you get a 50-page memo.
Chetan: He is giving the feedback.
Melinda: Sorry, let's see how this works.
Chetan: Bill, in one of your earlier interviews I saw, someone asked you to make a pitch for giving and you said it very simply. You said, "You can't take it away, it's not good for your kids, so I might as well give it away…"
Bill: Well, first generation fortunes don't believe in aristocracy, they don't believe in dynasties. Once the fortunes get passed down in a dynasty it's little hard to stop because it's like 'Well, Dad gave it to me. Who am I to stop this': Warren Buffett (likened it to) an Olympic team picked (from) the grandchildren of an Olympic team from 60 years ago. You just wouldn't do it that way and yet in terms of wealth and deciding how wealth gets allocated, there is a little bit of that goes on. So societies adopt the state taxes that encourage people to be philanthropic because they make that a special case. I think the trend will be in favour of more philanthropy even in cases where the fortunes have been passed along.
Melinda: There is also an amazing sense of empowerment if you can earn your money. We both grew up in very middle class families. For me, in my twenties to know I could sustain myself and actually sustain a family whether I married Bill or somebody else. That's an amazing feeling. I went to school with some kids for whom, you know, the wealth had been passed down three to four generations. There is a sense of entitlement that comes with that and that I don't really think you want (that) in your society.
Reprinted with the permission of the Gates Foundation

Live Cricket Score  CLT20  CSK vs PER: PER lose two early in stiff CSK chaseDhoni made his intentions clear as he lofted Arafat's full toss over deep midwicket for a six. (Source: BCCI)
Press Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: September 27, 2014 8:16 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 11:56 pm
A disciplined Chennai Super Kings on Saturday produced an all-round effort to defeat Perth Scorchers by 13 runs and brighten their hopes of earning a semifinal berth in the Oppo Champions League Twenty20, in Bangalore.
Invited to bat, the Super Kings rode on Ravindra Jadeja’s 28-ball unbeaten 44 and Mahendra Singh Dhoni’s 16-ball 35 to post a challenging 155 for six.
Ravichandran Ashwin then shone with the ball, returning impressive figures of 3/20 to restrict the Scorchers to 142 for seven in 20 overs.
That the CSK got enough to defend was mainly due to the brisk 64-run sixth-wicket partnership, which came off just 30 balls, between Jadeja and Dhoni. This after the Scorchers spinners, led by Brad Hogg, had stifled the two-time IPL winners at the Chinnaswamy Stadium.
But the complexion changed once Dhoni smashed Yasir Arafat for 27 runs with the help of three sixes in the penultimate over of Super Kings’ innings.
While the CSK skipper got out while going for another maximum in the final over, which also ended his crucial association with Jadeja, the left-handed all-rounder hit a six and a four to finish things off in style for the Super Kings.
Dhoni hit four sixes while Jadeja found the fence four times and cleared it twice.
When their turn to bat came, the Scorchers lost Craig Simmons and Ashton Agar with 26 runs on the board. While Simmons was foxed by Ashish Nehra’s slower ball, Agar had no answer to a quicker one from Ashwin.
Captain Adam Voges and Mitchell Marsh put up a brief resistance before the latter was castled by off-spinner Ashwin. Sam Whiteman did not last long while Voges too fell after making 27 off 24 balls.
At the start of 17th over, the Scorchers needed 58 off 24, but Nathan Coulter-Nile and Ashton Turner reduced the margin to 44 in the last three.
Just after completing a 33-ball sixth-wicket 50-run partnership with Coulter-Nile, Turner was run out due to Dhoni’s smart work, putting to rest whatever little hopes Scorchers had of pulling off a shock win.
The Australian outfit is more or less out of contention.
Earlier, the Super Kings were off to a bad start losing Brendon McCullum with just 15 runs on the board, the batsman playing a Joel Paris delivery onto his stumps in the third over of the innings.
Next to get out was the dangerous Suresh Raina, with batting partner Dwayne Smith playing a role in the left-hander’s run out. Standing at the non striker’s end, Raina made the call after Smith inside edged one to the third man, but the batsman did not respond. Raina could not beat
Nathan Coulter-Nile’s throw from the deep.
CSK were in for more trouble when Smith’s painful stay at the crease came to an end after he was cleaned up by Yasir Arafat’s slower ball.
At 33 for three in the sixth over, CSK were in deep trouble and the experienced Brad Hogg only added to their woes when Mithun Manhas, who had come in for Ishwar Pandey, top edged for the deep midwicket fielder to complete a continued…

India desires a peaceful  stable environment with Pakistan: PM Modi at UNGAIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Union Cabinet recommends President s Rule in Maharashtra after CM Chavan quitsSep 28, 2014 at  12:05am IST
Union Cabinet recommends President's Rule in Maharashtra after CM Chavan quits
36
0
New Delhi: A special meeting of the Union Cabinet to discuss the political situation of Maharashtra on Saturday recommended President Rule for Maharashtra.
The Union Cabinet met under the chairmanship of Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh, just a day after Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan resigned from his post following the end of 15-year-old Congress-NCP alliance in the state.
Rajnath Singh has been authorised by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to take emergency decisions during his ongoing US tour.
Meeting of the Union Cabinet under Rajnath Singh recommended President Rule for Maharashtra after CM Chavan quits.
#presidents rule #maharashtra #rajnath singh #cv rao
After NCP withdrew support, Chavan resigned on Friday and his resignation was accepted by Governor C Vidyasagar Rao on Saturday.
NCP decided to terminate the 15-year-old alliance with Congress as talks between the two parties for seat-sharing ahead of the October 15 Assembly polls failed.
9

Willing to resolve Kashmir issue with Pakistan but without the threat of terror: PM Modi at UNGA49
0
United Nations: With a firm resolve and avoiding a war of words with Pakistan, Prime Minister Narendra Modi reaffirmed that India is prepared to work towards resolving the Kashmir issue with the neighbouring country in a serious bilateral dialogue and a peaceful atmosphere, which should be without the shadow of terrorism.
In an indirect reply to Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's remarks on Kashmir, Modi asserted that such issues should be resolved through cooperation and not by raising them at international forums like the United Nations General Assembly.
"Raising issues in this forum is not the way to make progress towards resolving issues between our two countries. My government is committed to resolving the Kashmir issue in a peaceful environment. However, Pakistan must also take its responsibility seriously to create an appropriate environment," Modi said in Hindi at the UNGA.
#narendra modi #modi meets america #unga #pakistan
Modi also said that he believed that a nation's destiny is linked to its neighbourhood which is why the Indian government has placed the highest priority on advancing friendship and cooperation with the neighbours.
He also advised Pakistan that instead of raising issues at the UN "we should be thinking about the victims of floods in Jammu and Kashmir. In India, we have organised massive flood relief operations and have also offered assistance for Pakistan-occupied Kashmir".
Maintaining that no country, whether big or small, is free from the threats of terrorism, he said, "All countries should put aside our differences and mount a concerted effort to combat terrorism. I urge you to adopt the Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism."
He referred to the Asia-Pacific region and said that it was "still concerned about maritime security that is fundamental to its future." While "extremism and fault lines" were growing in West Asia, Modi said, "our own region continues to face the destabilising threat of terrorism".
Describing the present as "a time of great flux and change", Modi said the world was witnessing tensions and turmoil on a scale rarely seen in recent history. Although there were no major wars "there is absence of real peace and uncertainty about the future".
Talking about the country's tradition and culture, he said that India believes in the ideology of 'Vasudhaiva Kutumbkam, which means the world is one family." He also advocated the need and importance of Yoga in today's culture. He even called for adopting an International Yoga Day to the UNGA.
"India is part of the developing world, but we are prepared to share our modest resources with those countries that need this assistance as much as we do," he said.
His 35-minute address covered a number of subjects such as terrorism, including its resurgence in West Asia, reforms of the United Nations, including the Security Council, and the need for a more inclusive global development.
112

Dmk families r greatactually i dont want write politics here.
because it is not politics board, i know.
but no other way to give reply for other one or two guys.
i am in many other counters like ashok lexland - ptc finance - morepen - dr datson - udaipur cement - shiva - texrail - nhpc - ttml - munjal - motherson & many more ,there is no politics
4.32 PM Sep 28th

WASHINGTON ROUND TABLE16:09 pm Dabur's banks on social cause for its Sani Fresh brand
- in Business
16:09 pm Amul to celebrate Nov 26 as National Milk Day
- in Business
15:49 pm Emami's HE Deodorant launch previewed on Men's Day
- in Business

